{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510477", "title": "Naxals show no signs of surrender", "text": "MANGALORE: With the six-day ceasefire announced by the state government against the Left wing renegades ending on 6pm on Sunday, Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) top brass and the Dakshina Kannada district police authorities are keeping their fingers crossed.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday announced that ANF and the local police would suspend all ongoing combing operations against Naxalites and give them an opportunity to surrender.Both Alok Kumar, Inspector-General of Police (ANF) and Abhishek Goyal, superintendent of police, maintained that any future course of action against naxalites after the ceasefire period would be decided by the seniors.\"We are in a wait and watch situation,\" Alok, who is the commander of ANF, told STOI. ANF will spell out its future course of action on Monday after discussing it with the state police HQ, he added.Abhishek said he was not aware of any developments where a journalist had come forward to mediate between the naxalites and the state government. \"Even I have read about such reports in the media,\" the SP told reporters.\"No one has offered to surrender so far,\" he said, adding that the district police will take stock of the situation once the deadline ends and chart its next course based on inputs from the field and the police HQ.Referring to the two-page press release purportedly released by Gangadher, spokesperson for the state committee of Communist Party of India (Maoist), Karnataka State Committee to select media houses condemning the killing of Dinakar alias Yellappa in an exchange of fire in Cheur forest area, Alok and Abhishek said that it was an old development. \"This release was sent on September 8 and we are in receipt of it through our channels,\" the SP said.Alok said ANF too is aware of this press release released in the aftermath of Cheru incident, wherein the renegades have condemned the \"use of force by ANF to crush the Maoist movement as well as to throttle democratic aspirations of forest dwellers\".Incidentally, police have arrested Nandakumar alias Gangadher in 2009 itself, Abhishek said, adding that renegades are using the same name in all their communication to media houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509870", "title": "20 deer from Maharajbagh to be released in Navegaon", "text": "NAGPUR: Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) AK Saxena has ordered the release of excess deer at Maharajbagh Zoo into the Navegaon National Park, 130km from here in Gondia district.Saxena confirmed the release order, and explained there are around 50 deer in the city's small zoo. As per the National Zoo Policy, small zoos cannot keep more than 10 deer. The excess deer need to be shifted under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972.In 2008, Maharajbagh had moved a proposal before chief wildlife warden seeking permission to release these deer. The herbivores were to be released in Navegaon National Park, and Chaprala and Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuaries in Gadchiroli and Yavatmal districts respectively.However, on August 13, 2010, the release of deer to Navegaon went haywire after then zoo controller Vandan Mohod of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and then in-charge Dr AB Motghare did not obtain a requisite transit pass (TP). The Navegaon officials returned the vehicle. The delay in release led to the death of one deer. Dr Motghare was shunted out and a FIR was filed against both.Following the mess, on May 20, 2011, zoo officer-in charge Dr SS Bawaskar wrote to chief wildlife warden seeking department's help by deputing an expert officer to help relocate excess deer. In between, a lot of time was wasted over issuing fresh orders.On Tuesday, Saxena issued orders directing the zoo authorities to release 20 deer in Navegaon at the two relocated village sites. The zoo has been told to release the animals in groups of 10 each with a gap of 15 days. The decision to release another lot of 20 excess deer will be taken later.Saxena has also agreed to the request by zoo authorities to depute an experienced forest officer to help with the release. Chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur Circle SH Patil has been asked to do the needful. The zoo in charge has been told to obtain mandatory TP and veterinary doctor's certificate before releasing the deer.Dr Bawaskar said he is yet to receive the PCCF's orders but was expecting them soon. \"If all goes well, we will start the process by the month-end. The time is opportune to release deer,\" he said.Releasing excess deer is one of the several conditions to renew recognition to the city zoo by the Central Zoo Authority (CZA), a statutory body which monitors all zoos in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16508987", "title": "Awareness meet on road widening held", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an attempt to convince property owners who are likely to be affected during the expansion of Musheerabad-Kavadiguda road, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Saturday conducted an awareness meeting to clear their doubts.The corporation has proposed widening the Kavadiguda road till Hotel Marriott to 100 feet (ft) wide, while the existing road width is 40 to 60 feet. About 196 properties would get affected on both sides of the road. GHMC had proposed widening the road a couple of years ago. They prepared road development plan and even marking were done.GHMC chief city planner G V Raghu on Saturday held a meeting with the property owners at a function hall near Musheerabad crossroads. He explained to them about the necessity of widening the road and informed them that compensation for structures and land would be given to them. He said building rules would be relaxed for those who surrender land free of cost.The property owners requested the corporation to reduce the proposed widening to 80 ft instead of 100 ft, as the would be losing their livelihood. The corporation officials assured that houses would be allotted under JNNURM to 20 property owners who might lose their entire land in the widening exercise.After the doubts were clarified, the officials claimed that 15 property owners gave their consent letters to the town planning officials. GHMC officials said road-widening works would be taken up only after paying compensation or transferrable development rights (TDR) certificates issued to the affected property owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16509367", "title": "Chetna Yatra for digitization of cable TV in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Chetna Yatra, a 'go green' campaign aimed at promoting digitization of cable TV, was flagged off from Jodhpur on Saturday morning by deputy commissioner of police Ajay Pal Lamba for its next destination, Pali. The yatra had arrived in Jodhpur on Friday and had halted here for a night.Chetna Yatra is an initiative to address the issue of global warming and other environmental hazards caused by pollution and growing emission of green house gases. Flagged off from New Delhi by chief minister Sheila Dikshit on September 7, this yatra aims to discuss and spread awareness to promote digitization of cable TV in India, implementation of green rules in industry, developing service-oriented culture, combating technological competition and promoting harmonious relationship.Environmentalist and head of Avishkar Media Group, A K Rastogi is taking this yatra for the 8th year in succession. He said that in its one month's course starting from September 7 from New Delhi, the yatra will cover a distance of 30,000 km passing through 450 cities of 20 states and five Union Territories, culminating in Delhi on November 5.\"We are here to promote the concept of Go Digital, Go Green\", said Rastogi, who was talking to the people, especially school children, to motivate them to be environment friendly by planting a tree and take proper care of it.Mahipal Singh, convener of the yatra, has already gained immense popularity among broadcasting, CATV &amp; media industry in India. \"We always put our efforts on developing a harmony between these stakeholders and to bring awareness on global warming, green broadcasting, e-waste at large,\" said Singh.Various news channels and electronic media will be supporting the campaign.EomJodhpur: The only \"by-road\" campaign to promote the green broadcasting, the \"Chetna Yatra\" flagged off from Jodhpur on Saturday morning by the DCP Ajay Pal Lamba for its next destination, Pali. The yatra had arrived in Jodhpur on Friday and had halted here for a night.Chetna Yatra, is an initiative to address the issue of global warming and other environmental hazards caused by pollution and growing emission of green house gases. Flagged off from New Delhi by the chief minister Shiela Dixit on 7 September, this yatra aims to discuss and spread awareness to promote digitization of cable TV in India, implementation of green rules in industry, developing service oriented culture, combating technological competition and promoting harmonious relationship.Environmentalist and head of the Avishkar Media Group, A K Rastogi is taking this yatra for 8th year in succession. He said that in its one month's course starting from 7 September from New Delhi, this yatra will cover a distance of 30000 km passing through 450 cities of 20 states and 5 UTs and will culminate in Delhi on 5 November.\"We are here promoting the concept of Go Digital, Go Green\", said Rastogi, who enroute his yatra, is talking to the people, specially, the school children and motivating them to be environment friendly by planting a tree and take proper care of it by explaining them the hazards to the earth and environment and take their messages on a blank banner.Mahipal Singh, convener of this yatra has already gained immense popularity amongst Broadcasting, CATV &amp; Media Industry across India. \"We always put our efforts on developing a harmony between these stakeholders and to bring awareness on Global Warming, Green Broadcasting, E-Waste at large\", told Singh.The visibility of the Chetna Yatra will be amongst millions of eyes including the general public , consumers of telecom and cable TV, broadcasting and cable TV professionals, telecom service agents and providers, ISPs, DTH consumers and providers, IPTV technology providers, media professionals, hardware manufacturers and traders, MSOs, VSAT providers, cyber cafes, hotels and hospitality industry people, news reporters, builders and developers, fiber optics licensee, educational institutes, R &amp; D consultancy etc. The support of various news channels and electronic media will also be there to promote the concept so that the target of uniting the industry can be achieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16510340", "title": "32-year-old woman commits suicide at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Lalita Viraj Naik, 32, a resident of Gauthanwada-Khandepar in Ponda allegedly committed suicide at her house on Friday night. Ponda police said her family members had spotted her hanging from a ceiling fan with a saree that night.Police say Lalita was married to Viraj for four years. The couple had no children. After they found her hanging, her family informed police, who retrieved the body and sent it for an autopsy to Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim .The body was handed over to the family after the autopsy was conducted on Saturday afternoon. As the woman had allegedly hung self before completing seven years of marriage, the investigation of the case was conducted by the Ponda deputy collector and sub divisional magistrate Johnson Fernandes.He said there was no sign of homicide and she had committed suicide. A case of an \"unnatural death\" has been registered with the Ponda police under section 174 of criminal procedure code (CrPC). Ponda PSI Rahul Dhamshekar had conducted the scene panchanama .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511373", "title": "Water matters", "text": "Earth is known as the blue planet because of the vast quantities of water that predominate the surface of the planet. It is surmised that life began in those waters. Regardless of how true that assertion is, the fact is that life on this planet is made possible through a combination of factors amongst which water is as critical as say oxygen or sunlight that is filtered to warm the earth without burning it. So having over 70 per cent of the planet's surface covered in water sounds good except that life is sustained on earth through freshwater and all the seas and oceans of the world are filled with saline water. And unlike the seawaters, freshwater is shrinking commodity.Of the 71 per cent water covering the planet's surface, only 3 per cent is non saline. And that 3 per cent is distributed across the forms; glaciers , rivers, lakes and ground water. Not only is the human body composed primarily of water but water is one of the fundamental premises for life on earth across life forms; birds, bees and all things that breathe need water. Unfortunately, so do all other things such as agriculture and industry. Simply put, life is water intensive . Possibly the biggest problem we face is one that is entirely man made: pollution of water sources. Urban centres in India and in many other countries are faced with the mammoth task of not only providing access to clean drinking water but of dealing with the waste that is generated. Statistically, one of the biggest challenges in development around the world is posed by the need to provide everyone with access to clean water for consumption . Its lack equals a whole lot of diseases. A disproportionately large number of deaths can be related to water : lack of clean drinking water and sanitation is now the single largest cause of illness worldwide. It is estimated that by 2020, more people will have died due to water borne diseases and the lack of clean water than the HIV/AIDS pandemic.The increasing pollution of our rivers, the overdrawing of water from underground sources which is leading to the lowering of the water table alarmingly, and the constantly increasing demand for access to clean water are all leading to a very severe crisis in the making - water scarcity. So how do we work towards averting that crisis even as we deal with the developmental challenge of providing people with access to clean water?Conserve waterEvery drop conserved is, in the long run more valuable than oil. So, make sure that your taps don't run while you brush your teeth, dripping taps should be fixed immediately and in every activity of daily life that needs water be conscious of how much you actually need and how much you waste thoughtlessly. Remember , water is a finite resource ; it will disappear thanks to our interruption of the water life cycle and when that happens you will regret every drop you wasted . On a more optimistic note, if each of us who are lucky enough to have access to running water around the clock undertook to reduce our consumption by a mere 1 litre per day (which, if you actually work it out, is less than the amount you waste in a day), it could make a substantial difference. It would ease the strain on the infrastructure and allow more people access to clean water since the same quantity would be able to serve more people.Rainwater harvestingIt is perhaps the simplest way of not only conserving water but of saving the planet in the long run. Rainwater harvesting is a method of channelling rainwater under the ground, allowing for the replenishment of the ground water table. In urban areas, as a result of concretisation and tarred surfaces , most of the water runs off into the sewage system instead of soaking into the earth. Given that it is our abuse of the water resources that is causing a crisis , it is our duty to do everything that we can to help the water cycle. And rainwater harvesting is amongst the easiest of solution. While it is now mandatory for government buildings, it can easily be implemented at the level of individual households too. And only then can it become effective. The problem is immediate, and if the solutions are not immediate then the future looks extremely dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16511347", "title": "Legal tangles add to quota woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite huge vacancies in different cadres, the Odisha government is finding it difficult to fill up the posts due to legal and constitutional tangles over fixing of reservation at 27% for the social and educationally backward (SEBC) classes.The Naveen Patnaik dispensation in 2008 enacted a legislation, the Orissa Reservation of Posts and Services (for socially and educationally backward classes) Act, fixing quota for SEBC in government jobs at 27%. Consequently, the total reservation in the state went up to 65.75%, with SC category getting 16.25% and ST accounting for 22.5%.However, the government has not succeeded in implementing 27% quota for SEBC (comparable to OBCs listed by the Centre) as its recruitment drives have repeatedly been challenged in different courts. \"The major ground for putting the government in the dock is that 27% reservation for SEBC results in the total reservation exceeding the Supreme Court's order to fix the reservation ceiling at 50 per cent,\" a senior officer said.As a result, recruitment to the Odisha Civil Services Examination has not taken place since 2006. In 2011, the Odisha Public Service Commission advertised for recruitment, but it was held up due to legal cases. \"Around 150 vacancies exist in Odisha Administrative Service. Out of 1,180 sanctioned posts of Odisha Revenue Service, only 200 are currently in position. But we are helpless and not able to fill those up,\" an officer said. Similar is the case with recruitment of assistant section officers in the Odisha Secretariat Service; 1,400 of the 1,900 sanctioned posts are lying vacant. The home department's attempt to fill up around 500 posts of sub inspector of police, deputy subedar, fire station officer, et al is also stuck in litigation although it has left 16% of the advertised posts vacant till issues pertaining to SEBC quota were resolved, sources added.\"Neither is the government willing to bring down quota for SEBC so that the total reservation does not cross the 50 per cent limit nor is anybody challenging the legality of the Act fixing 27% for SEBC. All cases so far are limited to recruitment for certain jobs; nobody has challenged the Act in toto,\" an officer said, explaining the crisis.General administration department unable to go-ahead with conduct of the OCS exam for 2011 and 2012 due to legal tangles. Consequently, several OAS, OFS, OPS posts are vacantHome department is not able to recruit assistant section officers in the Odisha Secretariat Service. 1,400 of the sanctioned 1,900 posts in the service are vacantHome department's bid to fill up around 500 posts of SI, deputy subedar, fire station officer has run in legal wrangling although it decided to leave 16% of the posts advertised vacant till the issues pertaining to quota for SEBC was resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515294", "title": "Dina Lohan admits she made a mistake letting LiLo be a child star", "text": "Lindsay Lohan's mother Dina has admitted she regrets pushing her star daughter into show business as a child.The Mean Girls actress could face the full force of the law again after being arrested on September 19 for allegedly hitting a man's leg with a borrowed Porsche - the latest in a long line of incidents involving the 26-year-old.\"I was born into the business,\" she told the New York Daily News .\"My mother was an entertainer. It was natural.\"But yes, in the next life, I might not do it.'Dina conceded she is far from proud of her daughter's multiple arrests and unpredictable antics, but refused to shoulder any of the blame.\"I'm certainly not making excuses for Lindsay's behaviour. But she's a 26-year-old woman,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514155", "title": "Film Promotions are important: Nidhi Subbaiah", "text": "Nidhi Subbaiah, who has been a part of some successful Kannada films in the last three years, is all upbeat about beginning her Bollywood innings and has just started promoting her upcoming rom-com Ajab Gazabb Love, in which she plays the lead opposite Jackky Bhagnani.Although Nidhi has done a guest appearance in the Paresh Rawal starrer Oh My God , she terms Ajab Gazabb Love as her proper B-Town debut. Asked about the extensive promotions, she says, \"Just the other day, I heard Karan Johar talking about film promotions and he said that no matter how good a film you make in today's times, promoting it aggressively is an absolute must. And I completely agree with him! We no longer live in the good old times, when one considered his/her job was over the moment shooting for a film got over. Promoting a film helps immensely in today's times, where people have a very short attention span. Besides, if a film isn't marketed well, there are certain people who start feeling that probably all is not well with the movie!\"She adds, \"These days, people have started calling me a singer-actress and no matter wherever I go for film promotions, the first thing that they ask me to do is to sing!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16510563", "title": "Cong promise on influx white paper a farce: AGP", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the state government announced its decision to publish a \"white paper\" on the steps taken to curb influx, the opposition AGP has once again challenged the state government to fulfill its promises.At a meeting with ministers and office-bearers of the Assam Pradesh Congress Committee (APCC) on Thursday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi announced that the \"white paper\" will be released by October 7.Alleging that the government had betrayed the people of the state for a long time, the AGP slammed the government for disrespecting the martyrs of Assam agitation, who laid down their lives to make Assam an influx-free state.\"About 855 of our brothers lied down their lives to free the state from illegal Bangladeshis. But the Congress government, both in the state and the Centre, never paid due respect to their sacrifice,\" said Durga Das Boro, AGP general secretary.AGP also slammed the Congress government for betraying the people for their political gains. \"Former chief minister Hiteswar Saikia said there were 30 lakh infiltrators during an assembly session in 1991, but he immediately changed his version the very next day. Similarly, the present chief minister Tarun Gogoi too has diverted from his own statements. We don't believe in his assurance to deal with the influx problem this time too,\" added Boro.Bringing up the controversial issue of land swap deal between the Assam government and Bangladesh, AGP alleged, \"The Congress government did not hesitate to hand over the state's land to Bangladesh, then how can we accept that they will deport the illegal migrants? Even the Bangladesh home department itself confirmed that the Centre never discussed the deportation issue with them. The Congress' promises are always a farce.\"According to the land swap deal signed between the Centre and the Bangladesh government on September 6, 2011, in Dhaka in the presence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and chief minister Tarun Gogoi, India would get back 111 disputed enclaves under adverse possession of Bangladesh, while 55 such enclaves would go to Bangladesh. However, the high court put a stay order on the deal after several prayed against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16510556", "title": "Floods worsen in Assam as heavy rain continue to lash Arunachal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The flood situation in the Assam worsened further on Saturday as heavy showers continued in Arunachal Pradesh. A population of nearly five lakh in 14 districts has been hit.According to the MET department, the southwest monsoon was vigorous over Arunachal Pradesh and also active over Assam and Meghalaya in last 24 hours, causing light to moderate rain at most places in Arunachal Pradesh and some places in Assam and Meghalaya. Some parts of Arunachal Pradesh and Assam also witnessed heavy rainfall.The department has forecasted rain and thundershowers at many places in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya and in one or two places in Nagaland , Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura in the next 24 hours.The MET department has issued a warning that heavy rain may occur at a few places with isolated to very heavy rain at one or two places in Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya during the next 24 hours.The water level of Brahmaputra in Guwahati is also rapidly rising, which has forced the administration to cancel the ferry services connecting the city on the south bank of the river to the north bank. The rising water of Brahmaputra and its tributaries fed by incessant rain in Arunachal Pradesh have hit Dhemaji, Tinsukia, Kamrup, Lakhimpur, Baksa, Barpeta, Dibrugarh, Golaghat, Jorhat, Nalbari, Sivasagar, Udalguri and Sonitpur districts.Three persons have died so far in this second wave of flood since last week. The flood waters have breached several dykes and embankments in Sivasagar, Majuli, Rangia and Dibrugarh. The state disaster management authority stated that the extent of damage by the flood is being assessed.Defence spokesman Lt Col SS Phogat said army units of Dinjan Base Division in Dibrugarh district were placed on 12 hours notice for provision of rescue and relief teams. \"Army columns were immediately pressed into rescue and relief operation as soon as the requisitions were received from the civil administration along with army engineer support columns and army medical teams,\" he said.\"Despite the inclement weather and fast flowing rivers, more than 300 marooned civilians have been evacuated to safer places on the first day by the army relief teams. Medical camps set up by the army are providing the basic necessary life-saving treatment and aid to the affected people,\" the spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16510655", "title": "Rs 1,200 cr for amenities at Biharsharif", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The state government will spend Rs 1,200 crore on the development of sewerage, drainage and drinking water facilities of Biharsharif in the next three years, said urban development minister Prem Kumar here on Saturday.Addressing mediapersons here, the minister said that the state government has identified 55 cities in the state for which a total of Rs 18,000 crore will be required for the development of sewerage, drainage, water facilities and waste management in next three years of which Biharsharif will get Rs 1,200 crore. He said that the detailed project report (DPR) will be ready in the next three months as the 11-member committee constituted for the purpose is in the final phase of submitting its report.When asked about the resources to implement the project, the minister said that the state government will bear half of the project cost and the rest will be sought from the Centre adding if the central government refuses to support the ambitious project, the state government will seek partnership from financial agencies like Asian Development Bank and World Bank .The minister said there are certain agencies in the USA, Japan and South Korea which are interested in the urban development of the state and if required, they will be roped in for the purpose under PPP mode.Biharsharif Mayor Sudhir Kumar, deputy mayor Sanjay Kumar and municipal commissioner were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16510342", "title": "Colva cops rescue sex worker", "text": "MARGAO:The Colva police busted a prostitution racket on Saturday after carrying out a raid at a hotel in Colva and rescued a girl from Mumbai on Saturday.\"The raid took place between 4 and 5.30 pm and we have sent the girl to a protective home. Offenses have been registered and the two accused have been booked under under various sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act,\" said the Colva PI on Saturday.The raid was carried out under the supervision of DySP Mohan Naik. Police sources added that the two unknown persons have been arrested and further investigations are under way. Police sources added that the girl had arrived in Goa from Mumbai on Saturday itself and that they acted on a tip off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16508909", "title": "Haryana files fresh charges against forest whistleblower", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government has once again chargesheeted whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi for alleged irregularities in the tree plantation drive during his nine-month stint in Jhajjar forest division in 2009.During 2005-2010, he was transferred 12 times by the Haryana government apart from lodging two criminal cases against him after he exposed irregularities in the forest department. Central government had recommended a CBI probe into the irregularities, including the Jhajjar tree plantation scam, but the state government did not follow the directive.Despite resistance from the state government, a few months ago the central government had relieved Chaturvedi from Haryana forest department enabling him to join AIIMS at New Delhi as deputy secretary.State forest minister captain Ajay Singh Yadav said the ongoing inquiry into the matter would reveal the truth while advocate Kuldeep Tiwari, who has been fighting the legal battle for the whistleblower, claimed that it is another attempt by the state government to harass Chaturvedi.Chaturvedi has been asked to file a reply to the chargesheet within 15 days. In its chargesheet, the government blamed Chaturvedi for the failure of the tree plantation drive in 1,182 hectare land in Jhajjar forest division during 2008-2009 for which Rs 42 lakh was spent.\"It was the duty of Sanjiv Chaturvedi to take care of the plantation drive to ensure its success. Instead of doing that, Chaturvedi surrendered the budget and the plantation drive became unsuccessful. It shows that proper care was not given to the saplings after they were planted and the money allotted for the maintenance of the plantation was surrendered,\" the chargesheet said.The chargesheet claimed Rs 84,036 was approved by Chaturvedi for plantation in an area and 85% of the plantation was unsuccessful. About another area, the chargresheet mentioned that Chaturvedi approved Rs 87,165 in place of Rs 32,860 for maintenance but despite this the success rate was less than 20%. According to the chargesheet, Chaturvedi surrendered Rs 1.17 crore allotted for plantation under different schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511381", "title": "Graft: ASI at Meharban station held", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police booked an assistant sub-inspector after he was caught red-handed while accepting Rs 5,000 bribe. The accused, Harjeet Singh, was posted at Meharban police station and had sought the illegal gratification for granting undue favours to a person booked for cheating.Additional deputy commissioner of police Sushil Kumar said they had received a complaint against Harjeet from Gautam Colony resident Baldev Singh.Baldev was booked under Section 420 of IPC (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) on February 25. He had alleged that Harjeet, who was the investigation officer in the case registered against him, had sought Rs 35,000 as bribe for granting him bail. He said the assistant sub-inspector had recently sought more bribe, failing which he threatened to book Baldev's son Gurjant Singh and arrest him.The complainant informed the senior officers of the matter. On Friday night, when Harjeet Singh asked Baldev to come to his house at 11pm, the complainant informed the police and assistant commissioner police Naveen Singla accompanied him there, arresting the ASI while accepting the bribe.Talking to TOI, Ludhiana commissioner police Ishwar Singh said, \"We have a zero tolerance for any corrupt practices. The accused has been arrested, suspended and a departmental inquiry has been initiated against him.\"Meanwhile, for the common man such action against corrupt officers is a much-needed relief.\"It's good that action has been taken as general public has to suffer at the hands of cops. There are several police stations where cops do not register a case without taking money,\" said Bobby Prabhakar, who is an office-bearer of SKS Nagar Residents' Welfare Association.On September 10, Gurcharan Singh, a deputy superintendent of police, was arrested by vigilance bureau for having allegedly accepted Rs 25 lakh bribe during a raid conducted by a vigilance team at the residence of motor vehicle inspector Rakesh Gupta in Ludhiana on July 18, 2012. The cop is evading arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511196", "title": "Nurse Rajbira s husband commits suicide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after Rajbir Kaur, 26, a nurse with GMCH-32 committed suicide, her husband Ranjit Singh too ended his life at his house in Gurdaspur district on Friday night. Police said Rajbir and Ranjit got married on July 10 in Chandigarh, but Ranjit had not told her that he was already married. Cops said Ranjit left a suicide note behind blaming his brother-in-law Amandeep Singh for his extreme step. Sector-34 police station SHO Kirpal Singh said police informed them of Ranjits suicide and investigation is on. Ranjits family members have recorded their statements before Gurdaspur police saying that Amandeep had nothing to do with the incidents and they do not want any criminal action against him, the SHO said. Rajbir had ended her life in her hostel room in Sector 32 and had also left a note behind blaming her husband and brother-in-law Amandeep. A case was registered at PS-34.In her statement to police, Rajbirs mother Parminder Kaur said: It was only five days ago when my daughter came to know that her husband was already married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16515347", "title": "Delhi Metro bags contract in Indonesia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Spreading its wings across the country's border, the city's pride Delhi Metro has bagged the work of Management Consulting Services for building the Phase- I of Jakarta Mass Rapid System in Indonesia.This is the first time that Delhi Metro has got a project outside the country since its inception in 1997.Delhi Metro has been awarded the work in a joint venture with eight other international companies.\"The main responsibilities of DMRC in this joint venture will be the finalisation of the organisational structure of the Jakarta Metro, recruitment of personnel, development of training facilities and the training of the employees for various categories required for commencing the operations,\" DMRC spokesman Anuj Dayal said.The DMRC had also prepared the Special Assistance on Project Implementation (SAPI) study for the Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit system.Besides, DMRC is also trying to bag similar projects in various upcoming Metro projects of Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Israel.Delhi Metro is also acting as the consultant for all major Metro projects in the country including Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru and Kolkata.It is also carrying out the construction work of a 9.25 kilometre long Metro corridor in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510693", "title": "Times Scholars event to be held today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The second round of the Times Scholars competition will be held on Sunday. The event will involve testing and evaluation of shortlisted candidates, who will appear for an aptitude test at LJ Institute of Management Studies, near Nagdev Kalyan Temple on SG road.Ahmedabad is among the 16 centers in the country where hundreds of students will take the aptitude test as part of the competition. The results of the aptitude tests will be declared on October 2. Students who clear this stage will then have to appear for group discussions and personal interviews to be held over two days from October 9. The final shortlist of candidates will be declared on October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511194", "title": "3 booked for forging documents to sell SUV", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Crime branch officials have booked three persons for selling a second hand Scorpio after forging documents of Sanjeev Kumar , a resident of Ramdarbar, in Punjab on Saturday.The accused were identified as Naveen, Sanjeev and Krishan. In his complaint to police, Sanjeev also leveled allegations against employees of Registration and Licencing Authority (RLA), Sector 17, for assisting the accused in the making forged documents. Sources said, all accused are absconding and the FIR was registered at PS-17. Crime branch SI Ashok Kumar said, Raids are being conducted in Panchkula and Baltana for apprehending the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16509980", "title": "4 Maoists killed in Latehar encounter", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Saturday claimed to have shot dead four rebels during a joint operation of district police and CRPF near Gurdag village in Latehar district around 100km from here. The police also recovered three rifles, 33 cartridges, two sim cards, mobile phone chargers, utensils, Maoist literature, Rs 2,500 in cash and some other materials from the place of encounter.Police sources said that acting on a tip-off that around 30-35 rebels had assembled near the village and were bathing in the river. Latehar SP Kranti Kant said, \"We immediately sent a team of CRPF personnel and district police and cornered them. In the ensuing exchange of fire, that continued for almost half-an-hour, four rebels were killed and some others were injured.\" The encounter took place at around around 11 am. \"The killed persons belonged to either the CPI (Maoist) or its breakaway group Jharkhand Prastuti Committee as the two outfits operate in those areas,\" said the SP.The police said that although security forces could not recover the bodies but the villagers confirmed that they saw bodies being carried away by the retreating rebels. \"We have launched search operations in the area,\" said police.This is the second success for security forces within a week. A couple of days back security forces has killed one Maoist and recovered huge cache of arms and ammunition from the place on encounter in Chatra district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16508880", "title": "Central Railway plans to connect Navi Mumbai and Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) is exploring the possibility of running train services via Harbour line between Kurla (suburban) and Pune's Shivaji Nagar stations. Such a service will be a boon to citizens residing in Navi Mumbai as there's no direct train connectivity between the satellite township and Pune.At present, commuters from Navi Mumbai have to either rely on road transport or come to Dadar, LTT or CST to board a train to Pune.For the proposal to turn into reality, officials will have to make some technical adjustments at Panvel station. A senior CR official said, \"Panvel is a major junction for long-distance trains as well as the originating and terminating station for suburban services on Harbour line. A crossover, the point at which trains interchange tracks, will have to be provided to allow movement of trains from the suburban line to the main line to establish connectivity to Shivaji Nagar.\"After ascertaining the feasibility of providing a cross-over at Panvel, CR officials will forward the proposal to the railway board for approval. \"Funding will not be an issue as the cost of providing a cross-over is not really huge,\" said another official.CR officials said they do not want to take the train all the way to Pune as it will result in longer travel time. The official said, \"Running such a service up to Shivaji Nagar is sufficient as it is well connected to other parts of Pune.\"The distance between Kurla and Shivaji Nagar is 170 km. While the number of services has not yet been decided, CR officials said it will be run using 16 coaches used in mail/express trains. \"These coaches have lavatories which are a must for journeys of such durations,\" said the official. \"The train will halt only at Vashi, Belapur, Panvel, Karjat and Lonavla. Our aim is to limit the travel time between Kurla and Shivaji Nagar to less than 2 hours and 50 minutes. We cannot provide halt at other stations as that will increase the travel time.\"Currently, Deccan Queen, which takes three hours and 10 minutes to complete the journey from CST, is the fastest train from Mumbai to Pune. The official said, \"The service will also boost the economy of the regions through which the train will pass.\" At present, all Pune-bound trains except Pragati Express travel via Kalyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509510", "title": "BJP to raise power tariff hike, FDI in assembly", "text": "JAIPUR: With the monsoon session of the state assembly set to begin from October 10, the opposition is gearing up to rake up several issues against the state government.The state BJP's core committee members on Saturday discussed several issues like the state government's support for FDI in retail, recent hike in the power tariff, unavailability of power and government's failure to reduce VAT on petrol and diesel. These are the issues which would be raised by the BJP legislators during the monsoon session which begins on October 10.Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said that it was rather unfortunate that the state government was holding the session only because it is mandatory to hold one in the six months. \"The government always tries to shy away from having debates in the house and tries to wrap up the sessions at the earliest,'' said Tiwari, adding that the political drama at the JMC and the mayor's differences with her own party and the JMC officials would also be highlighted.Party chief whip Rajendra Rathore said the party will raise several issues including unavailability of power, hike in power rates, irregularities in recruitment in education department and the deteriorating crime situation in the state.State president Arun Chaturvedi said that apart from discussions in the forthcoming assembly session, the members also reviewed the on-going membership drive and the recent protests held against inflation , FDI in retail and corruption. \"The discussions for a state-level campaign against the state government was also held, the details for which are being worked out,'' said Chaturvedi.Meanwhile, Om Prakash Mathur, senior member of the state BJP and presently looking after the forthcoming elections in Gujarat, said that Narendra Modi was facing no opposition from any group in that state. \"The voters are all with Modi and the BJP would come back to power in Gujarat with more seats than it got last time,'' said Mathur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16511402", "title": "Nabarangpur dist bans export of sand &amp; stone", "text": "KORAPUT: The Nabarangpur district administration on Saturday imposed an indefinite ban on transportation of sand and stone chips out of the district.\"There is a massive shortage of sand and stone chips in the district owing to export of these minor minerals from here to other districts of the state and to Chhattisgarh. Shortage of these construction materials has hit development activities. Hence, we have imposed the ban,\" explained Nabarangpur collector Yamini Sarangi.\"All concerned functionaries such as regional transport officer, commercial tax officer and district police officials were asked to detain vehicles carrying minor minerals to outside the district,\" she added.According to the collector, revenue officials have also been directed to explore new sources of stone and sand in the district. These could be leased out to private parties to meet the deficiency.\"It has been decided to streamline the process for the auction of stone quarries and sand sources in the district, so that more such units could come up, and the demand for the materials could be met,\" she said, adding, \"All illegally run quarries have been sealed in the district from where the stone chips were transported to Chhattisgarh.\"Hailing the ban order, executive engineer of public works department (Jeypore circle) Bimal Das said it would help speed up several development projects in the district like construction of roads, bridges and buildings, which have been stalled in the face of deficiency of sand and stone chips.The Chhattisgarh government had recently banned the movement of minor minerals to other states, including Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510773", "title": "Prime Minister draws flak for reforms pitch", "text": "PATNA: Much like the opposition's reaction to the first round of economic reforms or opening up of the country's economy unleashed by Manmohan Singh two decades ago as the country's finance minister, the opposition's response to his address to the nation delivered on Friday after the announcement of a slew of reforms has been sharp.JD (U) spokesman Neeraj Kumar said, \"PM Manmohan Singh initiated reforms as the country's finance minister two decades ago. Now he must also own responsibility for the economic crisis facing the country, since he has been at the helm of affairs of the country for the last eight years as PM. What hard decisions he is talking about? The new reforms will enslave the country, also destroy local small retail business and farm economy. He took into confidence neither the Parliament nor the UPA allies, to say nothing of the NDA. The Congress has become autocratic. Scared of Bharat Bandh and people's rage, PM took to making an address to the nation.\"CPI state secretary Rajendra Singh was dismissive about the perceived benefits of the 1991 economic reforms, and now even about the new reforms. \"The opening of the economy benefited only the big business. They got hefty tax exemption. The poor and needy have continued to suffer, but the rich and resourceful have reaped all benefits,\" Singh said.However, state BJP chief and Rajya Sabha member Dr C P Thakur was circumspect: \"I hailed technological vision of former PM Rajiv Gandhi , and also the telecom revolution. I also upheld economic reforms introduced by Manmohan Singh as the country's finance minister. The difference between the old and new reforms is that money made as profits by the companies earlier remained within the country, but now it will go out through foreign companies in retail business. Besides, people are angry over hike in diesel price and removal of subsidy on LPG cylinders.\"However, the Congress and other UPA constituents are of the view that the opposition would be proved wrong in public estimation after six months or so, when the reforms' impact would be visible. \"Reforms will help tide over the present economic crisis,\" said RJD dalit cell president and former minister Suresh Paswan, adding: \"PM was clear, down to earth, and very convincing in his address to the nation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16510041", "title": "Move to reclaim unused industrial land launched", "text": "KOCHI: Kick-starting its move to reclaim unutilised land allocated to industries, the state government has asked district collectors to send details of unused land before October 31.Revenue principal secretary K B Valsalakumari is, however, skeptical.\"The revenue department has been trying to get those details in the past. But none of the agencies gave us an exact picture. They always justified unused land citing its future use,'' she said.Industries secretary Somasundaram said he has asked district industries centres (DICs), Kinfra and KSIDC to assess how much of the land allocated by them was remaining unutilised.For agencies like Kinfra and KSIDC the exercise has always been successful as relevant legal clauses are inbuilt while the allocation is made.\"At the time of granting lease, we give two years' time for companies to set up units. And if they fail, we take back the land after giving a notice period of six months. We have taken back 150 acres of such land in Ernakulam district itself,'' said Ramanathan, managing director, Kinfra.But the revenue department is apprehensive that any move to reclaim land allocated by DICs would invite legal tussles. Though entities like agriculture department, animal husbandry department and fisheries department also hold extensive farm land, none of them is likely to disclose the exact area lying unutilized fearing reclamation, sources said.(With inputs from Laxmi Ajai Prasanna)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509253", "title": "Devotees roll on leftover food to thank the Lord", "text": "MUMBAI: Sporting traditional bhagwa dhotis known as kave munda, devotees roll on leftover food on plantain leaves at Gowd Saraswat Brahmins (GSBs) mandals as part of special seva to the Elephant God. Known as madasthan, this age-old ritual from south Karnataka is performed daily by some 70-odd devotees daily during Ganeshotsav at GSB Seva Mandal in King's Circle (60) and the GSB Sabha in Kurla (10).Old-timers believe the ritual, an offering made mainly for wish fulfilment, helps cure skin diseases. Janardhan Bhat, chairman of medical sub-committee, GSB Sabha-Kurla, said after devotees partake of the meals, they do not discard the used plantain leaves. \"Those who perform the madasthan take a bath and dress in a bhagwa dhoti. They pray to Lord Ganesha, form a namaskaram pose and lie down on the floor. They come rolling from one end of the hall uttering Ganpati's names and roll over the plaintain leaves with leftover food. After the ritual, they pray, take teertha from the priest, go for a bath and then take the prasad again,\"said Bhat.At the Annapurna Sabha Graha of the GSBs in King's Circle, Wadala and Kurla, free meals are served to thousands of people daily. The plaintain leaves are used for the purpose of hygiene. Traditional fare comprising upkari, ghashi, sheet (rice), dalitoi, saar and dudhpaak (kheer) is served to devotees. \"Approximately 1,800 people eat lunch at a time in six batches for five days. A total of 1.60 lakh coconuts are shipped from Mangalore. There are 60 cooks dressed in bhagwa dhotis, who start work at 3am and sleep only for an hour in a day,\" said Satish Nayak, senior trustee, GSB Seva Mandal, King's Circle.Devotees said there is a well in King's Circle that never runs dry. \"Water from this well is used for cooking and washing utensils. Though it's hardly 8 ft deep, the water level never drops during the five days,\"said Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16510461", "title": "Govt will release Rs 50L for Madikeri Dasara", "text": "MADIKERI: A delegation led by the Dasara committee president and the city municipal committee president H M Nandakumar and minister Appachu Ranjan met chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who has promised Rs 50 lakh for this year too, just as last year.A demand for an increase in funds was not sanctioned due to the present drought condition in the state. The Dasha Mantapa Samithi conducted a meeting at Madikeri and elected Kundurumotte committee representative T P Rajendra as the new president for the Dasha Mantapa Samithi this year.The president will be responsible for presenting the views of the Samithi before the Dasara committee, appointing judges for deciding the best mantaps and also carrying out other traditional works. A new logo was released by the Dasha Mantapa Samithi.The Dasara committee has accepted to release Rs 1.75 lakh to each Mantapa Samithi, subject to the condition that the representatives do not misbehave themselves during the distribution of prizes for best performances.Nandakumar, the Dasara committee president, has strictly communicated this message to all the mantap representatives. Every year, the losing Mantapa Samithis have expressed their ire by not accepting the consolation prize and by raising slogans against the main Dasara committee even though the judges are selected by the Mantapa committees and the main Dasara committee has nothing do with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510697", "title": "Old gutka in new sachets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eleven days after gutka was banned in Gujarat on September 11, over 30 meetings of gutka manufacturers and pan shop owners were held in different parts of the city, where retailers were told about existing and new products that can help make the most of loopholes in the ban.The new fix for gutka addicts is now sold in a new avatar, where tobacco and plain masala is sold in different sachets. This does not break the rule as only when the two packets are mixed does the product become like gutka.Raju Vaghela of Om Pan Parlour in Naranpura said he attended a workshop organized by gutka manufacturers in a posh restaurant, where they were given the low down on new products and methods that will beat the ban and continue to supply addicts their fix. Incentives like cars, scooters and other items were also on offer for achieving target sales of these two different products. Purshottam Patel, 55, a resident of Nava Vadaj says pan-shop owners now give him his gutka fix in separate sachets - a zarda sachet and a plain pan masala sachet. \"The pure tobacco and supari are sold in different pouches. I mix them in my palm and eat it. It is a perfect substitute for gutka,\" says Patel. Pan shop owners say tobacco companies too were ready for the shift in sale patterns to work their way around the gutka ban. \"Pure tobacco was seldom sold in pouches since people preferred pre-mixed gutka. After the ban, tobacco is now available in handy sachets which can be mixed with plain pan masala and eaten as a substitute for gutka,\" said Prakash Gupta.Gupta said, however, that the new substitute is expensive and costs double. \"Gutka was available at Rs 50 per sachet, while an expensive brand would cost Rs 2. The new mix of two pouches costs between Rs 1.50 and Rs 4, where the tobacco pouch costs Rs 1-2.50 while the pan masala making up the remaining cost,\" said Gupta.Apurva Shah, who consumed 8-10 packets of gutka per day was hoping to kick the habit. \"Non availability of gutka could have helped me quit but the pan shop owner plied me with two different pouches and I do not feel like the ban has happened. It's expensive, but it is available\", said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515458", "title": "Sreenu Vaitla turns 40", "text": "Director Sreenu Vaitla is busy working on his stylish action-entertainer, Baadshah, starring Jr NTR and Kajal Aggarwal. The movie is currently being shot in Hyderabad. The teaser of the movie will be released today to coincide with the director's birthday. Vaitla is planning to celebrate his 40th birthday with friends , family and the Baadshah crew. On Sunday, he distributed shields to the Dookudu unit to celebrate one year of the movie's release. The talented director, made his debut with the critically acclaimed Nee Kosam (1999) and shot to fame with his second film Anandam. Since then, there was no looking back for this filmmaker, who is credited with a spate of successful movies like Venky, Dhee, Dubai Seenu and Ready. The director went on to win the Best Director Filmfare Award for Dookudu (2011).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513664", "title": "Ashatai has been acting all her career: Director", "text": "Asha Bhosle's acting debut in the film Maaee at age 80 has not been difficult for her at all. The director Mahesh Kodiyal who also makes his debut in Maaee, explains why.\"Ashaji's songs have always been the highest form of emoting. Even while giving playback voice to heroines she was constantly emoting to pitch-perfection in the songs. The difference was earlier she emoted for other heroines. In Maaee she emoted for herself. I thought I'd have to do a lot of rehearsals with Ashaji to get her familiar with the camera. But she took to the camera like a born actress. Let's not forget her father Pandit Dinanath Mangeshkar was a brilliant actor. In the 1920 and 30s he'd play both male and female parts, since in those days women were averse to acting.\"Mahesh remembers when he went for the first reading with Ashaji. \"I gave her some emotional lines and I took charge of Padmini Kolhapure's line. She took over the lines as though they belonged to her. Doing the lines she broke down and sobbed. I get gooseflesh even thinking of how she responded.\"Mahesh says he took his time to finish scripting Maaee . \"Since it was a film where the main character suffered from Alzheimer's I didn't want experts to pounce on me for getting medical details wrong. I worked extensively on getting the details right.\"Mahesh admits the theme of owning responsibility for the parents' upkeep in their old age is not new. \"I know many films like Mohan Kumar's Avtaar and Ravi Chopra's Baghban have been done on the theme before. But the problem of children not being able to look after their parents is perennial. It is all around us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16510954", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation seeks Rs 200 crore loan to ebb fiscal woes", "text": "NASHIK: With an aim to finance various civic projects, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to take a loan amounting to around Rs 200 crore.In keeping with this move, the civic administration has already started working on a draft proposal for the loan.The credit rating agency, Credit Rating and Information Services of India Ltd (CRISIL) has just concluded its inspection of the NMC in regards to the loan process and has given the civic body a favourbale rating.NMC has begun working on technical procedures and formalities according to CRISIL instructions and guidelines.Speaking to TOI regarding their financial decision, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"We are planning to take a loan amounting to Rs 150-200 crore shortly. The NMC is already in the process of fulfilling technical requirements for the purpose.\"Khandare added that further said, \"CRISIL has just concluded conducting its primary inspection of the NMC's financial health and has given us a good credit rating t saying that the revenue structure of the municipal corporation was good. We are in the process of fulfilling technical requirements in accordance with CRISIL's instructions. We have been asked to conduct an audit of the corporation for the 2011-2012 financial year and will submit the loan proposal once the audit and other formal requirements are completed.\"Khandare shed light on the NMC's financial state saying that the corporation could be in better fiscal shape. The financial condition of the NMC is not so satisfactory. The last financial year (FY) was also the last year of the five-year term of the House. Hence, developmental works amounting to Rs 416 crore were approved during the last FY 2011-12. This deficit is a huge burden on the civic body at present. Apart from this, new civic works and managing income and expenditure is also a big challenge before us, \" the civic chief added.\"We are focusing to make our tax recovery system more effective to improve revenue generation. Our priority is to recover 100% taxes. The revenue from house and water taxes is expected to increase this year,\" Khandare concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "israel", "code": "16513661", "title": "Indian soldiers lauded in Israeli textbooks for freeing city", "text": "ISRAEL: While remaining unknown in their own country, some Indian soldiers will become household names in Haifa in northern Israel after figuring in the history textbooks taught at schools for their contribution in liberating this city in 1918.The municipality of Haifa has gone ahead with its decision to immortalise the sacrifices made by Indian soldiers, many of whom are buried in the cemetery here, by including the stories of their valiant efforts in liberating the coastal city during the First World War in the school curricula as part of the history textbooks.\"The move is a part of Haifa municipalities efforts to preserve the city's history and heritage,\" Hedva Almog, deputy Mayor of Haifa told people gathered to pay respects to Indian soldiers who made ultimate sacrifice in the war to liberate the city.Haifa Historical Society has done an extensive research on the role of the Indian army in the region.As per their findings, a large number of Indian soldiers sacrificed their lives in this region during the First World War and nearly 900 are cremated or buried in cemeteries across Israel.Almog said that the municipality is planning big centenary celebrations to commemorate the event in 2018, calling upon India to join hands in making it a success.Charge de Affaires at the Indian mission in Tel Aviv, Vani Rao, reacted positively to the request extending support in organising the Centenary celebrations.The Indian army commemorates September 23rd every year as Haifa Day, to pay its respects to the two brave Indian Cavalry Regiments that helped liberate the city in 1918 following a dashing cavalry action by the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade.Residents of the Israeli city also celebrate Haifa Day the same day with a series of cultural programmes during the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16511615", "title": "Raise the fare and free us of fights, auto drivers plead", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The auto drivers in the city are losing their patience, not over the traffic jams but over their daily haggles with the passengers regarding the fare. The drivers would alaways demand Rs 5-10 more than the fare shown in the meter, annoying the commuters. At the end the driver might gain more, but not without a share of curses.The drivers claim that their demand is justified. During the last two years the petrol and diesel prices have risen six to eight times. The bus fares are hiked accordingly. \"What about auto fare? The minimum charge of Rs 12 was fixed two years back. The price of engine oil, spare parts and fuel have gone up. How can we still survive on Rs 12 minimum charge?\" asked Sasidharan, an auto driver at Fort junction.Every morning he sets out for his trip with a prayer these days, \"let me have less curses than what I had yesterday.\" \"It is not an easy feeling to get cursed by so many people in a single day. Some people would understand and give the extra amount while others fight with us. This has to end,\" said Sasidharan.The officials of legal metrology department admit that the auto fare has not been hiked in the last two years. \"The government had formed a committee to analyze the situation and revise the fares. The work of the committee is still in progress.The proposal has to be submitted to the government and a notification has to be issued regarding the revised fare,\" explained an official.The sluggish nature of proceedings is further annoying the auto drivers. \"In a way the government is responsible for the fights over the fare between the auto drivers and passengers. The officials should call a meeting and settle the issue soon. Instead they remain mute and brand auto drivers as bad lot,\" said Kottakkakam Sivan, district organising secretary,CITU.Tired of these endless fights, the auto drivers are now planning to approach chief minister Oommen Chandy seeking a solution to the problem. However LMD officials maintained that it was illegal on the part of auto drivers to demand more than what is shown on metre. \"They might have their reasons. But unless the new rates come into effect, they cannot demand a single rupee more. It is punishable,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509299", "title": "Cheating case: CPWD ex-official denied bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has dismissed anticipatory bail plea of a former CPWD engineer who got contracts from the department using forged documents.Justice P K Bhasin rejected the plea of L C Adlakha, who came to court fearing arrest for forgery and cheating. Cops said they suspected the engineer colluded with serving CPWD officials to get off the hook.According to the prosecution, Adlakha forged documents to portray himself as one of the enlisted contractors for the CPWD and received payments of half-a-crore from the public exchequer. The police relied upon a complaint lodged by the son-in-law of the accused who cited documents furnished under the RTI Act to show that Adlakha's organization is not enlisted as an approved contractor with CPWD.In its submission to the HC, police claimed its preliminary probe has indicated officials of CPWD might be hand-in-glove with the accused. Police told court that they needed Adlakha's custody to interrogate him on how he managed to get the contracts. But the HC assured him that if it was found later that his son-in-law had colluded with cops to file a false case then he would be punished, but for now Adhlakha will not get any benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510666", "title": "Shortage aiding boom in illegal public transport?", "text": "LUCKNOW: With only 176 city buses, the entire city commutes on auto-rickshaws and tempos, and with the regional transport office, Lucknow putting a cap on new permits for auto-rickshaws and tempos in December 2009, the shortage has only intensified further. And, if sources are to be believed, at least 1,000 three-wheelers are operating as illegal vehicles in the city. However, the transport department is yet to decide on de-freezing the permits of these three-wheelers. The capital city of Uttar Pradesh, which is home to 28 lakh people has only 7,000 public transport vehicles.\"There are two routes taken by auto and tempo drivers for illegal operation,\" said sources. While, some of them, already hold a permit, they ask RTO to let them run new vehicles citing unfit physical conditions of their on-road vehicles. In such a case, they do not surrender their old vehicles and also have a new one.In another case, the vehicle owners ask for a NOC to operate in regions other than Lucknow, but, in reality, they might still be operating their vehicles in Lucknow.There are also people taking permits from other districts and running their-wheelers in Lucknow. Since, Lucknow has extreme shortage of public transport, operating in the city is a profitable business for illegal operators.When asked about the illegal operation and department's efforts to curb it, Alok Kumar, transport commissioner, said, \"The state has a free permit policy, but regional transport authority can put a freeze. Deciding about the city transport is the responsibility of RTA.\" RTO Lucknow, VK Singh, who is the secretary, RTA, could not be reached for a comment. But, sources in Lucknow RTO shared that there is no such plan to remove the cap from the permits.Illegally operating vehicles are not only challenging the concept of 'CNG-city', as lot of them are diesel-driven, they are also difficult to regulate.\"It's only when enforcement officers catch them plying on road that action can be taken against them, otherwise they operate unchecked,\" said sources.Out of all the modes of transport in Lucknow, tempos are the oldest. But, it was in 1999 that high court restricted the plying of tempos running on diesel for the reason that they caused pollution.It was around the same time that city bus transport system was introduced in Lucknow, with a rider that no other mode of transport will be allowed to ply on the six routes, which were specified for plying of city buses.The plying of tempos was restricted to feeder routes, after this. To control movement of tempos, they were given the route permits to ply on 49 routes in the congested parts of the city.The auto-rickshaws, which came much later in 2003-04, were given enough promotion by the government. Both auto-rickshaws and tempos were given the permit to run as contract carriages (reserved vehicles), but the regional transport office allowed autos to ply as shared vehicles, much in violation of the permit conditions.\"There was nothing in writing but an un-written consent was given to autos and tempos to operate as shared vehicles,\" said sources in the department.The reason extended by officials is that the nature of the city is such that it would not have let 'reserved auto system' to be a hit. RTO not only allowed autos to ply as shared vehicles, it also went on to issue new permits to autos till December 2009, when the number of autos had increased to more than 4,000 and a cap was put on the new permits given the shortage of CNG at that time and chaos and congestion on roads. But, now when not only the city has expanded, the number of people commuting by way of public transport has gone up, transport department is still to think about de-freezing the permit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509442", "title": "Deported Rajasthanis from Kuwait start arriving", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid reports that at least 1,000 people from Banswara, Dungarpur and Sikar have been deported from Kuwait, many have started arriving here by road after landing in Delhi as there was no direct aircraft to Jaipur. They were sent back after being declared as 'Ilegal immigrants' as their Visa had expired.\"My son Ashfaq is the only earning member. If he returns, what will he do here. We had paid Rs 2 lakh to an agent who promised the job of a plumber to my son,\" said Nafisa Bano, a resident of Laxmangarh in Jhunjhunu district.Though reports suggested that the persons who have been sent back to India included many from Banswara, those in Sikar and Jhunjhunu too are in touch with their kin in Kuwait.According to an estimate, every month nearly 500 persons from Sikar and Jhunjhunu apply for work Visa in Kuwait and Bahrain .\"Two of my sons are working in a hotel in Kuwait. They are fine. We have spoken to them on Saturday evening. The problem is only for those whose Visa had been expired,\" said Mohammed Bashar, a resident of Soorajgarh town in Jhunjhunu district.Thousands of families in the southern Rajasthan are spending sleepless nights since Wednesday after several Indians were detained by the Kuwait police for alleged Visa abuse. Fearing police action, these families have approached the state government, which in turn has sought the intervention of the external affairs ministry to ensure their safe return.On Friday, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had also asked the authorities to monitor the situation and prepare a factual report on the crisis. Congress MP from Udaipur, Raghuveer Meena had said that he will speak to the Indian Ambassador in Kuwait to take up the issue and apprise the government too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509475", "title": "No trick, FDI is a treat", "text": "Battered by the coal scam, the government has pushed through some long-overdue reforms in the last fortnight. These include allowing higher FDI equity in multi-brand retail and aviation. FDI creates extreme reactions in the country, and it might as well stand for 'Forever Debating Indians'.Two kinds of polarized reactions emerged, both overdone. The first group had gushing praise. Newspaper headlines screamed on how the PM now meant business, and everything is going to be just fine on the policy front. Some even said that the PM could not be bogged down by those whining about the coal scam, thus implying now that he had finally done his job, it absolves him of the charge of mismanaging the country's natural resources. So low are our expectations from our PM, some feel he almost deserves a standing ovation every time he signs a file.Anyhow, it's a good decision, if not monumental or heroic. Having a global mindset is beneficial for the country. We have seen the benefits of the 1991 reforms. The cellphones we carry, TV channels we watch, vehicles we drive, the appliances we use - are all a result of the liberalisation that were initiated two decades ago. Before that, the government felt it was perfectly fine for people to wait years for a landline phone and watch one government-run TV channel. With such a transformation as seen by the middle class, one wonders if there is still need to convince people on the benefits of reforms.For apart from the praise, there was backlash too. The BJP denounced the new policies, presumably to please the trader community that supports it. The Trinamool Congress is screaming hoarse about the anti-people nature of such reforms. Mamata Banerjee is hoping to target the poor who have not benefited much from the reforms.Other naysayers are arguing how this will destroy the kirana shops. These people presume Wal-Mart, with its 51% highly-regulated equity in a Indian venture, will be able to do what Reliance Fresh and Big Bazaar could not. The corporate Indian retail stores have been around for years. And yet, kirana shops flourish across the country. When asked how exactly could Wal-Mart do what Indian chains could not, the naysayers have no answer. When asked why Indians don't deserve the best value and retail shopping experience, they stay silent.China, Malaysia , Thailand , Philippines are just a few examples of emerging economies that have allowed multi-brand retail and have had no major upheavals or large-scale unemployment.At one level, this isn't only about multi-brand retail, which forms just one aspect of the widespread economic reforms required in the country. Are we going to start a polarized debate for every reform?Can we not have some ground rules when looking at reforms? Can the government, the allies and the opposition have just this one area of consensus -the country must bring in economic reforms if we want to create wealth. Can we accept that reforms do ultimately benefit people?The opposition has played a major role in this term to bring out various scams and keep the pressure on the government. However, to oppose everything, and for the sake of obstruction and not much else is not right either. The fear of foreigners is an outdated worldview that we should have abandoned in the eighties. Today, India needs to open up for business. India also needs to be able to learn how to compete with world-class competition. For every Costa Coffee that comes to India, we need to be able to create a Cafe Coffee Day and Barista that can hold their own. Not letting foreigners come and do business along with us is a sign of weakness. It is like hosting the Olympics and not allowing the best countries to compete.The argument that Indian industry needs to be ready for competition is outdated. We have been getting ready for 20 years, if not longer. Let's have the confidence that kirana shops will reform too, so they can take on any new competition.However, the support for FDI and some of the PM's policies in no way implies that the government is off the hook on the various scams. Until now, the government hasn't demonstrated seriousness about taking the right action on graft. In fact, it denies the scams even occurred. Liberalization is not only about better economic policies, but also about better moral values. Widespread corruption will hurt us much more than a few stores of Wal-Mart ever will. So if we have to debate forever, let us at least do it on the right issues. FDI and Wal-Mart, welcome to India!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16510178", "title": "Israeli tips for success in agriculture", "text": "KANNUR: Kerala should encourage more research and promote agriculture universities to develop innovative farming methods, said Yoseph Shoub, an agriculturist from Israel .The 81-year-old farmer said the state should encourage soil-less farming. It would help reduce the space used by a plant by more than 80%.Pointing at the need for inducting modern technology in the farming sector, he said private participation was imperative to succeed in agriculture. He was speaking to TOI on the sidelines of an international seminar on high-tech farming organized as part of the international horti expo here.\"When it comes to mechanisation and use of technology, it becomes economical when more farmers come together for joint farming instead of everyone going for own methods, advises the farmer, who feels that it is high time that the state changed its farming methods.\"If you want to revolutionise agriculture, open your mind, and change it if needed, and also use the possibilities of technology in the field,\" Shoub said.He opined that Sustainable Optimized Agriculture (SO-AG) would be the future of agriculture world over. He preferred to call it the second revolution in agriculture, the first one being drip irrigation.\"At a time when agriculture is passing through a phase of crisis, and water scarcity is a major cause of concern, we have to change our practices, and it is here that SO-AG assumes significance,\" said the agriculturist.Using this technology, one could listen to the plant's health of the plant, the same way as a doctor listens to the health of a patient.The SO-AG would employ a computerised system developed to use sensors to monitor and manage chemical and physical changes in the root zone of a plant and the main focus would be the roots , especially the secondary roots or the 'hair roots'.Moreover, using this technology, the requirement of water and minerals could be reduced considerably. \"In conventional farming methods, we waste 90% of the minerals and water,\" he said.Though the initial expenditure would be high, in the long run, it would prove economical, the Israeli agriculturist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16510653", "title": "Govt freezes recruitment process in open varsity", "text": "MYSORE: The government on Saturday ordered Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) to stop recruitment process to appoint teaching and non-teaching staff.The sudden move comes closely after KSOU VC K S Rangappa had said that he plans to complete the appointment of non-teaching and teaching staff within six months if there is no interference from the government or from others. With Rangappa's term ending in early December, the government ordered a freeze on the recruitment process.KSOU received the communique late in the evening, and decided to update governor-chancellor H R Bhardwaj on this. \"We've received the direction from the higher education department and have stopped all the recruitment process,\" registrar B S Vishwanath told STOI. He said they will inform the governor about the government's direction.KSOU had issued notifications for the recruitment of 42 teaching posts along with recruitment of 14 regional directors in March and followed it up with a notification for the recruitment of 218 non-teaching staff in July. There are over 20,000 applicants for non-teaching posts, and the varsity was planning to outsource scrutiny of the applications, and the process would take three months. However, the government's directive has frozen all the processes.The government has pointed at the term of the VC when it halted the process. Rangappa's three-year term is ending on December 12, 2012. \"The letter has said that since the VC's term is nearing completion, no major decisions should be taken,\" the registrar stated, adding: \"I don't know the background for the directive.\"Higher education department had approved these posts and directed the varsity to initiate the process to appoint the staff, sources said, adding that there is nothing in Karnataka State Open University Act (1992) that curtails the power of VCs in taking major decisions. \"He is the VC till the last day. This is not fair,\" they stated. As per the statues approved for the recruitment, the process should be through within six months. \"Now we don't know what to do,\" they stated.\"When higher education minister C T Ravi visited the varsity in late August, we've updated him about the process. He was happy about it then,\" sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "behrampur", "code": "16511362", "title": "Gopalpur port all set to begin cargo handling next year", "text": "BEHRAMPUR: The first phase of Gopalpur Port, being constructed at Arjipalli near Chhatrapur in Ganjam district, will be completed by March next year, said officials of Gopalpur Port Limited (GPL), which is constructing the facility, deemed to be a major port in the state.\"The work is under progress and all efforts are being made to commence cargo handling by March 30, 2013,\" said one of the directors of the GPL M M Moharana on Saturday. The cargo handling capacity of the port will be around 3.5 million tones with the construction of one berth initially, he said. The GPL will construct three berths for coal, iron and multipurpose cargo in the same year, he added.Work to develop supporting infrastructure like power distribution system, railway and road connectivity is also underway to meet the deadline, Moharana said.He, however, said the construction work was hampered due to frequent agitation by some people, who have been allegedly creating a fear psychosis on the port premises.\"We are trying our best to meet their demands. Now we have decided to involve some prominent persons of the area, including local MLAs (Gopalpur, Chhatrapur and an MP from Berhampur) to sort out their problem,\" Moharana said.The director's comments came in the wake of Gopalpur Port Dock Workers' Union, affiliated to Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), threatening to launch an agitation following a member of the union being injured, allegedly upon being attacked by GPL officials on Friday. The injured P K Panda, a driver with a private transportation firm, engaged in the construction work of the port, was admitted at the medical college and hospital here.Moharana said the person was not an employee of the GPL. \"No employee of the company was involved in attacking the person,\" he said.\"Police have registered a case and are investigating the matter,\" said Chamakhandi police station inspector in-charge A K Parida. The situation in the port is under control, he said.The GPL was awarded by the state government for undertaking the development of the all-weather port with an investment of around Rs 1,700 crore in 2008. \"We have already invested around Rs 320 crore in the project,\" Mohrana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "16511327", "title": "Internet brings Shipla\u2019s family together for \u2018bappa\u2019s birthday", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Whether they're in Maharashtra or South Africa , Shilpa Khosla's family members are taking part in the Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations at her house without travelling all the way to Civil Lines. Connected by the internet, the 30-year-old's kinfolk are as excited as Shipla about \"bappa's\" maiden appearance at her house.It being the first time that Shipla is celebrating her beloved Lord's birthday at home, she wanted to get even the minutest detail right. \"So, I have been taking advice from my uncle Rajkumar who lives in Nagpur,\" Shilpa said.\"Even the internet has been of great help. I am making 'modak' for 'bappa' by learning the traditional way of preparing the sweetmeat from my 'bhabhi' (sister in-law) in Maharashtra through the webcam,\" she added.\"I was really excited for the 'sthapana' as my daughter Shilpi's birthday was also on September 19. These celebrations were truly special for our family. We will be observing the ceremonies for seven days and the 'visarjan' will take place on September 27,\" said a very excited Shilpa.Apart from her daughter, Shilpa's mother Parmeeta is equally happy about the festivities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16509983", "title": "12k cases pending at Palamu courts", "text": "DALTONGANJ: On an average 25 cases are disposed in Palamu district courts per day, yet the number of pending cases is more than 12,000. There are 19 courts here in the district under principal district and sessions judge Vishnu Kant Sahay.Court sources said despite disposal of 25 cases per day the number of cases pending till August 31 was around 12,000. \"More than 1600 session trial cases are pending till August. About 335 cases of criminal appeal are pending. General Register (GR) cases' pendency is all high. It is more than 7,200 cases,\" court sources said.Next to the GR cases come the complaints cases filed in the court of the chief judicial magistrate. Here the pendency till August was more than 3,000.The chairman of the Palamu district legal services authority, Vishnu Kant Sahay, who is also the principal district and sessions judge, on being contacted, confirmed the pendency of more than 12,000 cases .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509733", "title": "Leaders hoping Telangana will pave for Vidarbha too", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as there are enough indications that the Congress may agree to the formation of Telangana state, leaders here are not very enthused that it might even result in Vidarbha being carved out of Maharashtra.A senior Congress leader, not wanting to be identified, said the total absence of a public movement in Vidarbha may once again kill the aspirations of the people of the region. \"In Telanagana, ministers, MPs, MLAs have repeatedly offered resignations to support the demand. People and especially the youth have sacrificed their lives for the cause in recent years. But in Vidarbha, there is no such spirit. Within the Congress, leader are pulling back one another. The unity worked out among all parties and the joint agitation was short lived. Vidarbha state is wishful thinking,\" he said.Veteran pro-Vidarbha leader Jambuwantrao Dhote and ex-minister Ranjit Deshmukh are, however, ready to start a fresh struggle. \"If one expects bloodshed and destruction to demonstrate people's support, it is sad and most unfortunate,\" said Dhote.\"Time and again the Congress has been made aware that 95% people of Vidarbha are in favour of a separate state. Right from Nehru who was aware of the public sentiment at that time and the Fazal Ali states reorganization commission which favoured creation of Vidarbha, all political parties except Shiv Sena are supporting the demand. So there is question of denying what is long overdue,\" he added.\"We will fight out this time,\" added Deshmukh.\"Demand for Vidarbha statehood is older than that for Telangana. It is our misfortune that people's genuine aspirations are not being heeded. The injustice against Vidarbha is only growing. If we miss the bus this time, another chance may not come,\" said Madhukar Kimmatkar, who has dedicated the last two decades documenting the poor deal given to people of Vidarbha in Maharashtra.State BJP president Sudhir Mugantiwar hoped the Congress would pick enough political courage now to consider the demand. \"The BJP is committed to the creation of Telangana and Vidarbha within three months of coming to office,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16509722", "title": "New parking rates from October 1", "text": "NOIDA: In an effort to decongest the city, the Noida Authority has framed a new parking policy after nearly 20 years. Officials said the new policy would regulate parking on the roads while placing a restraint on the use of public space by private vehicles.Under the policy, which will come into effect from October 1, four-wheelers will be charged Rs 10 for the first two hours, and Rs 5 for every additional hour, while two-wheelers will have to pay Rs 5 for the initial two hours, and Rs 5 for every extra hour that the vehicle is parked.Currently, commuters parking their vehicles at designated car parks between 7am and 9pm pay Rs 10 for every four hours. For two-wheelers the charge is Rs 5 for every four hours. However, urban planning has not been able to keep up with the increase in the number of vehicles in the last one decade. \"As there is shortage of space, the policy will focus on traffic management,\" said Harshvardhan Bhadoria, parking-in-charge, Noida Authority.\"The policy will encourage use of public transport and carpools,\" Bhadoria added. The Authority had earlier considered policy changes to address parking issues. In addition to planning parking spaces underneath parks, the Authority has increased the Floor-Area Ratio (FAR) from 150% to 175% and approved stilt parking of more than 7-foot height on the ground floor in residential areas.Noida has 36 listed parking spaces. Officials say the focus should be on checking vehicle growth through parking control and pricing rather than simply increase parking space. The new policy will be implemented jointly by the contractors and traffic police. \"If we receive more than three complaints about a car park, the parking contract will be cancelled. Parking attendants will be required to wear uniforms, and it will be mandatory to install boards displaying parking rates and complaint numbers,\" Bhadorai said.The Authority has formulated stricter norms for auctioning of parking spaces. \"Contractors have to pay Rs 5 lakh as deposit besides security money for six months and an advance payment of three months,\" Bhadoria added. The Authority also plans to get stricter with the building bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509896", "title": "Better amenities at Shivajinagar station on cards", "text": "PUNE: Shivajinagar railway station, an important boarding and destination point for passengers, will be redeveloped with real estate or commercial development as part of the project. It would help improve management of train and passenger operations, as well as create modern facilities and additional passenger amenities. Better parking facilities and better traffic management outside the station will also come up.Environment factors are to be given top priority as the project is to be executed as a green building project, Railways' authorities said. The redevelopment project is to be carried out by the Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited (IRSDC), a special purpose vehicle of the ministry of railways. The corporation has equity participation of Ircon International Limited and Rail Land Development Authority. In the first phase, the corporation has decided to redevelop five stations across the Indian railway network. Shivajinagar, Anand Vihar and Bijwasan (both in New Delhi), Habibganj ( Bhopal ), and Chandigarh are among those chosen.The corporation has invited proposals for appointment of architect and technical consultantfor drawing up the technical feasibility study and master plan for station redevelopment project. The project will ensure that passengers get safe and comfortable world class amenities and services in a clean and pleasing ambience. It will ensure superior road connectivity with the city for quick and easy access to the station, adequate parking within the station premises. Both sides will have proper and segregated facilities for movement of passengers during arrival and departure of trains.The project, the proposal states, is aimed at superior train operations and allied services such as parcels and posts which will ensure enhanced operational efficiency. The redevelopment will ensure smooth movement of pedestrians as well as passenger vehicles within and around the station premises. Passengers will have access to information and display systems. The project will ensure modern security and fire safety systems as well.The Railways have already included Shivajinagar in the list of model stations. The facilities provided as part of the model stations project include increased length of platforms, adequate number of waiting halls, and water and lighting facilities. The Railways have recently started terminating some suburban local trains at Shivajinagar station. The plan to terminate local trains at Shivajinagar is aimed at reducing the passenger rush at Pune station.Railway officials say that there is very little scope for expansion of Pune railway station and that to reduce crowding; only passengers who want to board the trains should come to the station.The redevelopment is likely to have some trains terminating or starting from Shivajinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509210", "title": "State to bail out six cooperative banks in the red", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has decided to bail out six ailing district cooperative banks (DCBs) controlled by influential politicians.On Saturday, Union minister Sharad Pawar met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil to discuss the issue. The DCBs in question are Jalna, Osmanabad, Wardha, Nagpur, Dhule-Nandurbar and Buldhana. Earlier this year, the RBI banned these banks from accepting fresh deposits due to their high negative net worth. It had stipulated September 30 as the deadline for the banks to improve their minimum capital adequacy ratio (CAR) and net worth. The six banks, which collectively require Rs 551 crore to improve their financial standing, had approached the government for a bail-out.Patil said a revival of three out of the six banks, namely Jalna, Osmanabad and Wardha, will be taken up first. The state will provide interim financial assistance of Rs 115 crore to them. The three ministers will meet Union finance minister P Chidambaram on Monday to push for a release of the amount due to the DCBs out of the Rs 935 crore due to the state, under the Vaidyanathan package. But with no provision made in the Union budget, Patil said that they will request Chidambaram to raise supplementary demands.\"The interim financial assistance granted by the state will be recovered within two years,\" Patil said. The state will also request for an extension of the RBI deadline by another year for the other three banks .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510742", "title": "Tulsi was sent to Bhilwara from Valsad, CBI now says", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in its chargesheet in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case has claimed that Tulsiram was sent to Bhilwara from Valsad on November 24, 2005.However, an eyewitness in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case - Anti-terrorist squad (ATS) driver Nathubha Pravinsinh Jadeja - categorically stated that he had seen two persons in 'pant-shirt', who were brought to Ahmedabad's Disha Farm along with a burkha-clad woman from Tandola in Karnataka.This statement by Nathubha along with others has been the basis of CID (crime) and the CBI's case that Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Kauserbi were abducted and illegally detained before their alleged killing.This statement, which forms part of both the chargesheets filed by two agencies in the Sohrabuddin encounter case, is in complete contrast to the recent chargesheet.Jadeja, who is prosecution witness 105 for the CBI in the 2005 encounter case, stated, \"I stopped the vehicle at Koba Circle. At this time, DSP M L Parmar and PSI B R Chaubey came with a Maruti Fronti car and talked to Pandian Saheb and Parmar Saheb who instructed me to follow the Fronti. Hence I followed them to a farm house on the Sarkhej Highway near Adalaj. Both the persons who were brought in my vehicle were taken from the vehicle at this farm house. Both these persons wore pant-shirt and were of 35 to 40 years of age. One person was covered with burkha from head...\"Besides Jadeja, another driver, Gurudayal Singh Chaudary also stated on the line, as his statement does not disclose that anybody was dropped off at Valsad from the three vehicles.The CBI chargesheet in Tulsiram encounter case rubbishes claims by former investigator and now an accused - additional DGP Geetha Johri's claim that the third person was Kalimuddin.The central probe agency also accused Johri of mischievously projecting Kalimuddin as the third person after the latter's mention in Rubabuddin Sheikh's statements that the deceased had gone to Hyderabad as guests of Kalimuddin.With this, the CBI has practically closed the link of this encounter case with the Haren Pandya murder case, which was hinted at in a statement by key witness - Azam Khan .While the CBI has been claiming before the Supreme Court that murders of Sohrabuddin and his associate Tulsiram were outcome of a single transaction, this contradiction becomes very important for the defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16510132", "title": "Chennai to host international craft summit in October", "text": "CHENNAI: In West Bengal , jamdani weavers Jyotish and Rajeeb Debnath work to give an ancient textile tradition a fresh lease of life. In Korea, Bang Yeon-Ok works to give mosi (fabric woven with fibres extracted from mosi grass) weaving a boost.The Debnaths and Bang Yeon-Ok will soon get an opportunity to interact with each other and swap ideas. The master craftspersons will be participating in the 'Living Legends' programme being held as part of Kaivalam, an international crafts summit, to be held in Chennai from October 7 to 10.\"We have tried to match international craftspeople with their counterparts in India so that they can exchange ideas and techniques with each other,\" says Usha Krishna, president of the World Crafts Council (WCC), an NGO that works to promote crafts.WCC is organising the crafts summit to coincide with their 17th general assembly, which will be held in Chennai for the first time. \"Members from across the world will gather here to elect the next president and we thought it would be nice to have something exciting going at the same time,\" says Krishna. \"It is an opportunity to showcase our crafts and see craftsmen from across the world.\" About 140 international delegates and 200 Indian delegates will take part in the event, which will see participation from over 50 countries.As a run-up to the summit, craft events will be held at art galleries from September 24. \"Though crafts and art are equally important, craftsmen rarely get the recognition that artists do,\" says Krishna.Established in 1964 in New York, WCC is affiliated to the UNESCO in a consultative status. It has under its aegis five regions - Africa, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Latin America and North America - and has 95 member countries. Krishna was elected president of the World Crafts Council at the last general assembly held in Hangzhou, China, in November 2008. \"Though Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay was one of the co-founders, it is the first time an Indian became the president,\" says Krishna.During her tenure, WCC has started a programme for school children, taking master craftspeople to schools to teach children. \"We also show movies to children and found that there is a paucity of good films. So we have decided to have an international crafts film festival,\" says Krishna. Students across the world were asked to submit films on 'Crafts \u2014 A Fight for Survival', Crafts\u2014 The Magic of Creation' and 'Crafts\u2014 A Signpost of Culture'. \"We have got 50 films so far and the winner will be announced on the inaugural day of the summit,\" says Krishna.Other events include 'Future is Handmade', a seminar which features speakers like Dr Syeda Hameed, member of the planning commission. An international crafts expo and a crafts bazaar will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509555", "title": "Controlled blast brings down inn in nullah catchment area", "text": "JAIPUR: A controlled blast brought down the block B of Mansarovar Heritage Inn constructed by Era Group on Saturday. After demarcating the catchment area of Amanishah Nullah, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) listed the building as an illegal construction.Officials of JDA, police and a team of experts who came from Indore to carry out this operation, pulled down the building before a large number of people who came to witness the demolition of the building.Till afternoon, the block B building was standing tall, but in the evening it turned into rubbles. Officials carried out the three blasts as the block B of the building was separated in two parts by a staircase. The first portion was pulled down with controlled blast around 2.40pm while the other was demolished around 4.40pm.JDA officials said the controlled blast happened as per the plans. Three blasts were carried out - first to weaken the buildings, second blast to bring down south part of block B and the third blast to raze the north part of block B.The JDA had plans to demolish the same building four days ago but due to the Bharat bandh and the Ganesh Chaturthi festival, it had to postpone for 3-4 days, a JDA official said.S B Sarwate, an expert who came from Indore to carry out this operation, said, \"We made 160 holes in the pillars of south block and around 175 holes in the north block as the latter was bigger. These holes were filled with ammonia nitrate slurry for impulsion explosion.\"He said in the south block they used 18.8kg ammonium nitrate slurry to demolish the south part of the nine-storey building. Around 20 kg of explosives was also used for the north part.\"We use the gravitation force to carry out to carry out the impulsion explosion. The impulsion explosion happens in such a way that it weaken the central part of the building,\" Sarwate said.Sarwate claimed that it was his 212th controlled explosion, which he carried out in five states - Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and Rajasthan.Now, the JDA would decide what to do with the rubble of the buildings. A JDA official said if the owner of the rubble himself want to clean it then it's all right but if not then JDA would decides what to do with it. The JDA may also auction the rubble.The police cordoned off the area covering 300 meters around the building before the explosion to prevent onlookers from entering the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16511294", "title": "Renewable energy sources get spotlight", "text": "MADURAI: The third edition of the Industrial Exhibition (Indexpo - 2012) organised by the Madurai District Tiny &amp; Small Scale Industries Association (MADITSSIA) at Tamukkam grounds from September 20 to 24 has a special attraction this year- the Tamil Nadu Renewable Energy Exhibition (TREE). With conventional power sources becoming unreliable due to the uncertain power scenario in the state, TREE is displaying alternate energy sources with various private companies providing renewable energy solutions like solar and wind.Under the solar segment, companies are displaying items like solar water heaters, solar power solutions, solar cookers, lanterns, street lights etc. Along with private players, the Tamil Nadu Energy Development Agency (TEDA) has also established a stall with the intension of sensitising visitors about various government schemes for renewable energy sources. \"The government provides subsidies for renewable energy sources and we are present in the exhibition to educate and encourage the public to avail such schemes and think about green energy sources,\" an exhibitor at the TEDA stall said.N Madhan, technical sales executive of Zynergy, a company that makes solar products, said that they are providing various models for solar power generation. \"There is a good response in Madurai for solar energy and we receive regular queries. However, consumers here want smaller models when compared to Chennai, where people don't hesitate to install a 1 KV capacity. The requirement in Madurai is 200 to 300 watts for the inverters,\" he said.However, there are not many players when it comes to wind, the next prominent energy source. A Tirupur based concern, Windcare India Pvt Ltd which specialises in small wind turbines for domestic and commercial establishments was present. They provide both solar and wind infrastructure for power generation in homes, industries, farms and the models start from 650 watts.V Senthil Kumar, chairman of Indexpo said that TREE was being held for the first time in Madurai as MADITSSIA had signed an MoU with TEDA. Along with the exhibits, TEDA had also brought their campaign vehicles to the exhibition with various models on green energy, he said. \"We have players from industries like engineering, plastic, rubber, paper cups, packaging who have come from Coimbatore, Chennai, Bangalore and Madurai to exhibit their products,\" he", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509379", "title": "Deputy mayor demands Khandelwal's ouster", "text": "JAIPUR: Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and deputy mayor Manish Pareek blamed each other for \"stalemate\" in Jaipur Municipal Corporation which was amply showcased during the annual meeting on Friday.Khandelwal alleged that the BJP councilors are not interested in development work of the city, while Pareek demanded removal of Khandelwal from the mayor's post for not attending her office on a routine basis.\"There are various committees which are headed by BJP's councilors as chairpersons. But, these chairpersons did not list any development work in the agenda of the meeting. The committees did not send any proposal in the general body meeting held on Friday. Despite having an important role in development work in the city, they are not showing interest,\" Khandelwal said.She charged the BJP councilors with always trying to create an obstruction to the functions of JMC. \"They did not want that the JMC function as per the constitution,\" she claimed.Pareek claimed that Khandelwal failed to gain support from her own party's councillors at the dharna she organized at the Indira Gandhi Circle on Saturday. \"Since there were only three Congress councilors present at the dharna, it seems that she held the dharna for her own personal agenda,\" the deputy mayor said.\"The mayor herself does not come to the office regularly. She is not fulfilling her duty as a mayor like issuing contracts and tenders or convening meetings. So, the government should remove her from the post of mayor,\" he demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16514762", "title": "Have a soft spot for Myanmar's military men: Suu Kyi", "text": "NEW YORK: Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi , who was placed under house arrest for 15 years by military generals, says she could never \"hate\" them and has a \"soft spot\" for Burmese military men as she grew up feeling a part of the army family thanks to her father, founder of the country's army.Suu Kyi said she was in an \"unusual position\" since she remembers the adulation her father Aung San received from army personnel and later was forced to spend her life in isolation by the same military.\"I grew up with the feeling that I was part of the army family,\" Suu Kyi told students at Columbia University here yesterday.She said while she does not remember her father much, who was assassinated when she was two, her first memories of him are through the pictures that hung in her house in Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, where he is dressed in military uniform.She recalled that soldiers, who revered her parents as their father and mother, used to visit her home frequently.\"Because of my father, I do have a soft spot for men in Burmese military uniform. I could never really hate the generals although I hated what they were doing,\" she said to a packed hall of students and faculty.Suu Kyi's father founded the modern Burmese army and is considered to be the father of modern-day Burma, after having guided the country towards independence from British rule in 1948. He was assassinated in July 1947.Responding to questions from students after her address to them, Suu Kyi said she would like to see better relations between the people of Myanmar and China.She said while relations between governments of the two countries remain good, people to people relations have deteriorated mainly due to the presence of Chinese businesses in Myanmar.People in Myanmar feel that Chinese businessmen living there do not care about their country and are living in Myanmar only for the sake of their profits.\"I would like to change this. I would like to see the reestablishment of friendly relations between the people,\" she said, adding that she wants the people of both countries to get to know each other not just as businessmen and clients but establish student-to-student and people-to-people contacts.Suu Kyi said she likes to engage with young people from across the world to see how they can help the youth in Myanmar who have suffered from a poor education system and years of political unrest.Myanmar's young people are its present and future and should be treated as treasures rather than a curse, she said, adding young people who are ill-educated, have poor health and are unemployed pose a danger to the country they live in.\"They will create unrest because there will be simmering resentment against the world which had produced them and failed to provide for them and failed to make them capable of providing for others,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16510967", "title": "Victim struck an hour after rebuke", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 7.30pm on Friday, 31-year-old Atul Jhemse asked his parents at their Mulund house for Rs 100 to buy liquor. They gave him the money , after which he left.Around 9pm, he returned home for dinner. When he again asked his mother for money, this time Rs 150, she asked him to talk to his father. Sudhir, who had retired for the night, rebuked his son and refused to give money. An hourand-a-half later, Atul slipped into his parents' bedroom with a pair of scissors, climbed on the bed and sat on his father's chest. The two struggled, waking up Rekha.\"Atul was angry with his father for humiliating him every time and asked what he intended to do by hoarding all his money. When Rekha tried to intervene, Atul pushed her away, injuring her hand. Sudhir pushed his son off his chest and got up. Rekha rushed out to alert her neighbours,\" a senior official said. \"Meanwhile, Atul stabbed his father in the neck over a dozen times with the scissors. As Sudhir collapsed in a pool of blood, Atul stood in the same room.\" A court remanded Atul to police custody till September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513524", "title": "Denikaina Ready logo launched", "text": "The logo launch of Manchu Vinshu's new movie Denikaina Ready was held on Saturday (September 22, 2012) in Hyderabad. The actor's daughters Ariyana and Viviana have unveiled the logo in the presence of the film's cast and entire crew. Speaking on this occasion, the film's presenter Mohan Babu said, \"I'm very happy to see my granddaughters launch the logo. The film comes with loads of entertainment and I'll talk more about it on the music launch.\"Denikaina Ready is directed by Nageshwara Reddy and produced by Vishnu's 24 Frames Factory banner. Hansika is playing the female lead and Yuvan Shankar Raja is composing the music. The romantic-action caper is almost done and the audio of the film will be held on September 28, 2012.The movie's story is by BVS Ravi; Screenplay by Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan and Siddharth cranks the camera. Suddala Ashok Teja, Bhaskarabhatla and Rajajogaiah Sastry are the lyricists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16509433", "title": "India, Pak heading for new era of trade relations", "text": "ATTARI: A new era of business activities is being promised to be ushered in, between India and Pakistan, after the latter has promised to totally dismantle the \"negative list of commodities\" by the end of October. On the anvil is Indian offer of selling locomotives to Pakistan, laying a gas pipeline through Attari, formation of joint business councils, reduction in sensitive list, daily air connectivity between the two capitals besides granting the awaited \"most favoured nation\" status to India.These decisions were taken during the 7th round of India-Pakistan talks on commercial and economic cooperation held between Indian commerce secretary S R Rao and his Pakistani counterpart Munir Qureshi on September 20 and 21 at Islamabad .Upon his return from Pakistan on Saturday, Rao told TOI, \"It was a very successful visit in deepening our commercial and trade relations with Pakistan.\" He said Pakistan had agreed that by the end of October, it would dismantle the negative list of goods which would pave way for both India and Pakistan to trade in substantial number of goods. This would however still be barring about 1,200 good which Pakistan still has on its \"sensitive list\".Rao said India had agreed to reduce its sensitive list by 30% by December and after Pakistan dismantles its negative list India would also reduce negative list to about 100 lines. \"Simultaneously, Pakistan will also notify their five-year programme of reducing their sensitive list in equal measures which means about 100 lines,\" he said.Both sides have agreed to increase the railway movement through Attari so that bulk goods like cement clinker could be moved through train rather than road, which could be most economical and environment friendly. He said India had offered to sell 100 locomotives to Pakistan. \"Gas Authority of India will enter into an agreement with their Pakistan counterpart in a month or two whereby our pipegas up to 5 million cubic meters per day could be piped into Pakistan for their usage,\" he said.Daily air connectivity would be established between Delhi and Islamabad. A joint group had been created for the inter country roaming facility. Rao said that both countries had agreed to exchange names of business leaders in next 15 days to form a joint business council. Both the countries have also discussed to open Manabau border in Rajasthan for trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514376", "title": "Sharon Stone rushed to hospital after fainting", "text": "Sharon Stone was hospitalized in Milan , Italy on Saturday after fainting at a Fendi fashion show.\"She had fainted and was out cold,\" a source told Us Weekly.\"It was scary.\"But all is well for the 53-year-old who was in the Italian city to chair a star-studded fundraising gala for AIDS research on Saturday.\"Sharon experienced migraine related symptoms, and we all felt it best that she got checked out before the amfAR event,\" the American Foundation for AIDS Research said in a statement.\"She was examined and given a clean bill of health. And as she said, wild horses couldn't keep her away.\"The \"Basic Instinct\" star suffered a health scare in 2001 when she was hospitalised for a brain aneurysm - bleeding in the brain that can cause stroke - after suffering severe headaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16508757", "title": "Tennis fraternity fumes over ban", "text": "BANGALORE: AITA's two-year ban slapped on Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , which on Saturday was stayed by the Karnataka High Court, had few takers in the Indian tennis fraternity. Former players, Davis Cuppers, icons and stalwarts of the game questioned the stand adopted by Anil Khanna's association deeming it a 'dictatorial' move to begin with.The legendary Ramesh Krishnan said AITA's call of keeping the duo from representing the country until June 2014 was a 'severe' move. Jaideep Mukherjea, who has worn many hats for India from top-notch pro to Davis Cupper and captain and most notably member of the selection committee that picked the pairings for the 2012 London Olympics, said, \"If AITA wanted to ban the players, this was not the time for it. It should've been done before the Olympics. You can't select a team, endorse it and then ban the players.\"Indian tennis superstar Vijay Amritraj wondered how a ban by a national federation actually worked in a sport like tennis!Davis Cupper and Olympian Somdev Devvarman said the ban was unfair. \"Mahesh and Rohan have played for the country for many years. They're elite sportspersons and looking past any professional's contribution to his country is disrespectful,\" Somdev said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16510330", "title": "Suspend Cauvery order: BS Yeddyurappa to PM", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Saturday urged prime minister Manmohan Singh to take back his order on releasing 9,000 cusecs of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu.Speaking to reporters the senior BJP leader said, the order passed by the September 19 order passed by the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) headed by the PM asking Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water to TN is against the interests of the people of the state. Yeddyurappa also urged chief minister Jagadish Shettar to call meeting of all MPs to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16510109", "title": "'Misleading' land records spark protests by villagers", "text": "RANCHI: A land acquisition officer's \"misleading\" letters with wrong information had provided enough ammunition to villagers living near Birsa Munda Airport here to stall the international terminal project, according to the deputy commissioner of Ranchi.The project here is in limbo as construction of an approach road has been stopped by the villagers who claim that their lands had been acquired illegally by the authorities.Ranchi DC Vinay Chaubey said the land was first acquired by the army - a fact corroborated by many documents. \"There was no protest till 2009 when the then land acquisition officer (LAO) raised question on the status of the acquisition. The villagers cashed in on the issue and in the past three years the area has been continuously affected by protests and vandalism, affecting public life,\" he added.Explaining further, Chaubey said in 1942-44 and 1963-64, 1,068.87 acres and 52.51 acres of lands were acquired under the Land Acquisition Act 1894 and the Defence of India Act 1939 respectively, making the total acquired land 1,121.38 acres.Of the acquired lands, 425 acres were transferred to the Ranchi airport by the army in 1954. Chaubey said, \"After transferring the land, 643.87 acres were declared surplus and transfer of that land to its original owners was ordered. But as no one claimed the land, so the process was cancelled and the land remained with the army. A physical verification of the land was done in 1981 by the airport, defence, army and the district administration authorities which supported the fact.\"There were no controversies regarding the ownership of the lands till 2009. On October 8 of that year, the then LAO questioned the ownership of the lands during a meeting related to the expansion of the airport.Chaubey said, \"The LAO had not just raised the question about the ownership of the land but also sent five misleading letters to the principle secretary of the civil aviation department. Those letters lead to the stir among the villagers.\"In the letters sent to the secretary, four villages were mentioned instead of nine making the total land acquired 527.67 acres. Chaubey said, \"I have gone through all the documents available and also the letters sent by the LAO and discovered many flaws in the letters. Also many important documents have been ignored in the process of making the report.\"After going through the documents available, The DC said he found that his predecessor in 1972 wrote to the government that documents of acquisition of a particular land was lost which proved that the land was acquired but just because the document was not available, it did not mean that the land was not acquired.According to Chaubey, many other flaws were found in the letters. \"In one such letter, a land at Morhabadi was also included which has no connection with the land near the airport,\" he said. Morhabadi is around 15 km from the airport.Chaubey has sent a letter to the principle secretary of the revenue and land reforms department about his findings and demanding action against the then LAO and other employees of the land acquisition department who are responsible for misleading the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509845", "title": "MSEDCL's antitheft drive in Hingna", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL has been carrying out antitheft drive in Hingna area as the 11 KV feeders supplying the area have one of the highest losses in the state. The distribution and collection losses (DCL) are above 65% due to which the area suffers 11-hour daily power cut.MSEDCL squad officials tested 765 meters in the area and found that 65 were tampered. The company also replaced the meters of 262 consumers and provided new connections to 155.Chief engineer Mohan Zode said that the company would continue to carry out the drive in the area so that the DCL and load shedding reduces. \"The consumers should give up pilfering power on their own. This will spare them inconvenience and help MSEDCL in reducing the load shedding hours,\" he said.Zode also appealed to consumers of the area to regularly pay electric bills. The operations are being carried out under the supervision of superintending engineer Arvind Bhadikar and executive engineer Sachin Talewar. The staff of Hingna and Khaparkheda MSEDCL offices are carrying out the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "16509156", "title": "Government takes M'nagar farmers for a ride!", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: The state government appears to have pulled a fast one on the farmers of Mahbubnagar as the authorities stopped pumping water minutes after chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy inaugurated the Jawahar Lift Irrigation Scheme at Nettempadu as part of his Indiramma Baata visit to the district last week.The project was conceived almost six years ago and the irrigation officials claimed during the CM's visit that 68,000 acres would be irrigated in the first phase of the project.However, only 25% of the construction work has been completed. Sources are calling it a farce enacted by the state government as the most important targets of the project, the feeder canals, banking canals and irrigation canals, meant for to irrigate the left canal of the project, are yet to be constructed.The Centre had cleared the Rs 1,428 crore Jawahar Lift Irrigation Scheme at Nettempadu way back in 2006. The project aims to lift 21.425 tmc of water from Jurala project on the Krishna river and provide irrigation to about two lakh acres in Dharur and Gadwal mandals of this drought-prone and backward district.At that time, it was proposed that the project would be completed in two phases.Farmers allege that even though officials were aware that the work was not complete, they kept things under the wrap and went ahead with the inauguration of the project. \"They started the pumping three days before Kiran Kumar Reddy's visit. Now, the pumping has been stopped. Is this not cheating?\" asked Konde Venkata Reddy, a farmer from Gadwal. Ironically, the expected irrigated area in the first phase has also been downwardlyrevised. Initially, it was thought that 68,000 acres will be irrigated. However, it was later reduced to 26,000 acres, then to 23,000 acres and finally to just 2,500 acres.Sources said of the total project cost of Rs 1,428 crore, Rs 1,300 crore were already spent. When asked why the pumping of water was stopped, project superintendent engineer Khagendar said it was done as the canal works were not completed yet. \"Besides, the big stones are yet to be removed,\" he added. On the other hand, project chief engineer Prakash said \"If water is released into the reservoirs at once, there will be leakage problems. Pumping will be done in step wise manner to avoid such problems.\"It may be noted that, recently, the public accounts committee also lambasted officials for not completing the irrigation projects and not submitting the records properly and on time. Nettempadu was one of the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16510482", "title": "BSF jawan shoots himself dead", "text": "AGARTALA: Border Security Force (BSF) authorities in Tripura Frontier are facing a serious challenge in ensuring a stress-free environment for the troops, as was illustrated by the suicide of a jawan on Friday. It was the third incident of suicide by BSF personnel in Tripura this year.According to BSF authorities all three incidents occurred due to the victims' personal or family problems, but the issue of isolated lifestyle at remote border outposts appears to be a major cause of concern.The BSF constable reportedly committed suicide on Friday by shooting himself dead from his service rifle at Khowai in West Tripura. The victim, identified as Suresh Kumar Pandey (37), was a resident of Uttar Pradesh. He was posted as a constable in the 10th battalion of BSF, along Tripura-Bangladesh border.Pandey had enjoyed two months leave only a month ago and he was said to be fine till Friday afternoon, but he suddenly shot himself from his service rifle around 6 pm the same evening, a BSF official said.\"He was shifted to Khowai sub-divisional hospital immediately and was then moved to Agartala Government Medical College at night where he was declared dead,\" the BSF official said.The body was to be sent to the victim's home on Saturday. Pandey is survived by his parents, wife and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16510133", "title": "Corporation to speed up laying of water pipelines", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation would take steps to complete the laying of water pipelines under the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP). Mayor Tony Chammany said a meeting of the Kerala Water Authority officials would be convened on Monday to discuss the issue.Earlier, chairman of development standing committee T J Vinod said the delay should be taken as a serious issue as digging up of roads has been causing problems to pedestrians and drivers.Elamakkara, Vennala, Chalikkavattom and Palarivattom-Thammanam stretch are the most affected. The laying of water pipelines on the Palarivattom-Thammanam Road was stopped after the consulting agency claimed that the road is not wide enough.\"It was after laying pipes at 450 metres on the 1500 metre stretch, the agency said the road was narrow,\" councillor P S Prakash said. He said the water pipes dumped on roadsides have added to the woes of the public.Councillors demanded that immediate steps should be taken to tar the roads after laying pipes. The council has also decided to take up tarring work and not to sanction the fund allocated for the same to the water authority.Mayor said steps would be taken to install cameras in important areas and on the corporation boundaries to prevent the issue of waste dumping. With stray dog menace becoming a major issue in various parts of the city, service of more dog catchers would be ensured under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) Programme. In the meeting, mayor faced criticism from opposition councillors for not informing the council about the memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed with the French city Lorient at the Emerging Kerala summit. Clarifying the issue, mayor said the project was not part of the summit and he had informed the council in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509570", "title": "Bangalore to Ladakh, in search of the sun", "text": "BANGALORE: What are the fundamental processes taking place on the sun? How does it work? A team of scientists from Bangalore-based Indian Institute of Astrophysics (IIA) hopes to find answers to these queries as they embark on a project to study the sun. Aiding them will be the world's largest solar telescope - the Rs 300-crore state-of-the-art National Large Solar Telescope (NLST) that will be set up in Ladakh. The aim, say scientists, is also to rekindle interest among students in astronomy.The NLST with a 2-metre aperture will be prepared and installed in the Pangong lake at Merak village in Ladakh by 2016-17.\"NLST will help scientists carry out cutting-edge research aimed at understanding the fundamental processes taking place on the sun. The core team to build the telescope is already in place and we are just waiting for funds to be allocated to start building the telescope,\" Siraj Hasan, former IIA director and project head told TOI.NLST will be a major facility for carrying out solar observation and its unprecedented high spatial resolution will provide crucial information on the nature of magnetic fields in the solar atmosphere. \"This project was long due, as we haven't had a project in this line since the 1950s when the solar tunnel telescope was installed in Kozhikode,\" Hasan added.The IIA is the nodal agency for the telescope project but various scientific bodies like the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro), Aryabhatta Research Institute of Observational Sciences, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) and Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA) will collaborate.\"For the past three years we have been doing a lot of background work on the project like detailed concept design, finding a suitable location, preparing reports. Everything is ready for us to take off. Projects like this will inculcate more interest in research among youngsters and attract brilliant minds into astronomy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509076", "title": "Three booked in rioting case charged with murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Deonar police have slapped murder charges on three men accused of rioting after their victim died on Friday.The police are looking out for two more accused in the case. The complainant, Shahid Tahir Khan, had objected to the accused illegally taking an electric connection from his meter box. The accused Gulam Shah, Rizwan Shah and Arif Shah had allegedly slashed Khan with a knife. The victim was taken to Sion hospital where he was receiving treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510611", "title": "Miraculous escape for Shivpal, 5 others at IGI", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and cabinet minister Shivpal Yadav and five others had a narrow escape on Saturday when their aircraft skidded off the runway, while landing at Delhi's Indira Gandhi International airport . The director general of civil aviation has ordered a probe into the incident.According to reports, the nose-wheel of the state-owned six-seater VT-UPN (Beechcraft Premier 1A) aircraft broke and the plane skidded off the runway number 27 after landing at a high speed. In fact, the nose-wheel got stuck in the mud, reports said. Shivpal along with SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary and four other passengers, including two pilots were on their way to Masuri in Ghaziabad, where six persons had died in recent violence. Reports said that the pilots did not call for an emergency landing and they experienced a problem with the nose-wheel only while landing.A medical emergency team rushed to the aircraft minutes after the accident and took all of them to the airport medical facility, where they were administered first-aid for minor injuries and discharged later. Subsequently, the runway was closed till 8.00 p.m. after the incident, even as the airport authorities issued a notice to airmen informing them of all incoming aircraft about the closure. However, that hardly had any impact, as the airport had two more run ways.The Beechcraft in which Shivpal was flying is the premier jet, which is often used by UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav . While officials in the civil aviation department were tight-lipped, sources said that the aircraft was checked thoroughly before its departure. \"The snag in the nose-wheel might have developed while landing,\" said an official.Sources also apprehended it to be case of tyre rupture while landing. Essentially, the tyres of aircraft are filled with nitrogen, which happens to have a high bearing capacity. UP government's fleet comprise two jets and four other choppers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510698", "title": "Cop's bike torched in Shahibaug", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A police constable's bike was torched by a wanted accused early on Saturday morning right outside Shahibaug police chowky. Police have started search for the accused in the case.Complainant Jagdish Chaudhary, 24, a resident of Shahibaug police line, said he was asked to keep a watch on Alpesh Yadav, a resident of Chamanpura, for the past one week.Police had got a tip-off that Yadav, an externed from the city in connection with a number of cases registered against him, had come secretly in the city and was living at his residence.\"As per Chaudhary's complaint, he used to regularly visit Yadav and his relatives' residences for the past three days.On Saturday at 1.30 am, he kept his bike at Shahibaug police chowky and went with a team for patrol due to combing night.At that time, a man came to the spot. He first stole petrol from the tank of an adjoining bike belonging to a sub-inspector and then poured it on Chaudhary's bike. He then fled from the spot after torching the bike,\" said a Shahibaug police official. A team of constables tried to chase him but to no avail. However, some of the constables were able to identify him during the chase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16510647", "title": "Paralympic silver medalist H N Girisha to be feted", "text": "HASSAN: The district administration has planned a grand felicitation for Paralympic silver medalist H N Girisha.Girisha, a native of Hosanagara in Arakalgudu taluk here, won India its first Paralympics medal. He completed his college in Gorur. On his victory, the district has planned a grand felicitation.Deputy commissioner K P Mohan Raj, who has taken charge of the programme, said the event will be organized on October 1 at 4pm at the district stadium.Girisha will be taken on a procession on a horse-drawn chariot around the city at 2pm. The procession will begin from the Hemavathi statue and culminate at the district stadium. The police band, cultural teams, National Cadet Crops, National Service Scheme, scouts and guides will join in the procession.The procession will reach the stadium at 4 pm, where the formal programme will be organized. Former prime minister H D Deve Gowda, minister for youth services and sports Appachu Ranjan, district in-charge minister AravindaLimbavali and other elected representatives will also share the dais.Sportspersons Javagal Srinath, Ashwini, Sahana Kumari and Gagan Narang have also been invited for the event. The cultural programmes will be lead by Ambale Rajeshwari Dance School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16510395", "title": "State not meeting target in seed production: Expert", "text": "DHARWAD: The four-day Krishi Mela-2012 and international agriculture meet commenced on the sprawling campus of the University of Agricultural Sciences in Dharwad on Saturday, with the Seed Mela being inaugurated.Scientists expressed concern over Karnataka not being able to meet the target in seed production. Chairman of Karnataka Krishi Mission S A Patil said Karnataka's track record in seed production has been just 30 per cent and the state has not been able to produce and supply seeds for several crops and vegetables. He called for serious efforts to enhance the quality and quantity of seeds in the state.Patil said grants to the tune of Rs 150 crore will be provided under the Krishi Mission's schemes this year for seed production. \"The universities have to focus more on this aspect and help farmers to explore potentials both in domestic and foreign market. There are opportunities to export seeds to the African countries where agricultural activities are picking up but there is no seed production. Farmers' groups have to be promoted to tap potentials in the field of seed production and marketing,\" Patil said.MLC and former minister Basavaraj Horatti advocated a multi-disciplinary approach in research activities and said instead of establishing separate universities for different disciplines in agriculture, the government should focus on promoting multidisciplinary research and development activities in all the universities.This facilitates interdisciplinary approach for agriculture related research and it would also be helpful for the farmers to approach the experts in times of need, Horatti asserted.The traditional Indian system of farming had been an integrated exercise with the farmers carrying out agricultural, horticultural and animal husbandry related activities side by side, Horatti pointed out.He admitted that all successive governments including that of his party (JD-S) had miserably failed to do justice to farmers. Instead of trying to solve farmers' issues, the government opted to offer freebies to the farmers. Such populist schemes have resulted in the shortage of labour in farms and affected agricultural activities adversely, he said.Dharwad rural MLA Seema Masuti presided over the function. Vice-chancellor R R Hanchinal, David Bernard, president, Manitoba University, Canada, Pontiff of Tontadarya Mutt Siddhalinga Swami and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16512790", "title": "4-inch smartphones on a budget", "text": "Two years ago, a phone with a 4-inch screen and a 1GHz processor was considered so cutting edge that Google deemed it good enough for their flagship Nexus S smartphone. That hardware comes at a much cheaper price now, but is it still enough for a delightful Android experience. We take a look at three handsets offering these features at a budget-friendly rate.Huawei Ascend G300Rating: 5.5/10 Price: Rs 13,490What we likeBuild quality: It was love at first sight with the Ascend G300. Despite the wide use of plastic in its fabrication, its fine craftsmanship, coupled with a faux metal look, makes it feel like a premium phone. Also, the Ascend G300 is great to hold, with sturdy buttons. More importantly, it doesn't suffer from heating issues a common complaint in budget handsets.Performance: Of the three phones, the Ascend G300 is the best performer when it comes to multi-tasking and gaming. Whats especially nice is how it instantly resumes from its sleep state, whereas most other budget Androids take a few seconds to wake up.What we don't likeTouchscreen: The 4-inch IPS LCD screen is bright and its colours appear vibrant, but when it comes to navigation and usability, it just doesn't match up.Users need to exert more pressure than what is normal with capacitive touchscreens. This means that its a pain to play games like Fruit Ninja, Angry Birds, or Temple Run.OS customization: The G300 can easily handle the Android 2.3 Gingerbread that it comes with, but the custom user interface (UI) that Huawei has loaded on top of it slows the phone down to quite an annoying degree. It's not a smooth and fluid experience.Spice Stellar Mi-425  Rating: 5.5/10 Price: Rs 10,349What we likeBattery: The Mi-425 won us over with its battery life. We have seen many midrange Android phones that barely eke out a day, and here was the Stellar that managed to last for a day and a half after some light gaming, 3G use, social networking, email, and a healthy amount of calls. Those in the market for long battery life in a budget Android phone shouldn't look any further.Performance: We aren't big fans of Spices custom UI, but it works pretty well, especially for dual-SIM usage. It's not a pretty interface, but functionally, there are no faults. More importantly, the phone runs games and apps smoothly.What we don't likeBuild quality: The phone feels plasticky and its poor build quality is most evident in the way its body gives-in slightly when you press along its sides. It's quite a heavy phone and feels bulky too. Still, none of this is a deal-breaker.Antenna: There seems to be a bit of a problem with the Stellar Mi-425 s antennas. It drops calls frequently, and doesn't pick up Wi-Fi signals in areas where other phones do. This is a device where the smart received more attention than the phone.Micromax A84 Superfone EliteRating: 4/10 Price: Rs 9,999What we likeScreen: Of the three phones in this review, the Micromax A84 is the clear winner in the screen department. Although there's slight bleeding, colours look good and images appear sharp. And in terms of touch response, its as good as we have seen on most premium handsets.Build quality: The A84 looks and feels good, especially with its rubberized back panel. It isn't exactly top-notch, but among budget phones, the Superfone Elite is above average.What we don't likeInternal storage: Sign into the Play Store and it asks you to update the preloaded apps. Once you do that, the internal storage gets full and you can't install any new ones. Its a problem with no workaround, and unless you plan on never downloading more apps, we recommend you stay away from this phone.User experience: The custom UI of the A84 Elite is full of bugs, often leading to an inconsistent and unpleasant user experience. Once, a whole grid of apps disappeared, while on another time, the menu in the messaging app kept popping up incessantly. Perhaps it would be better if Micromax stuck with the stock Android build next time.BEFORE YOU BUY:Look out for our round-up next week of three budget smartphones with large 5-inch screens: the Micromax A100, the iBall Andi 5c and the Mercury MagiQ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16511414", "title": "Japan refuses to buy \u2018toxic\u2019 shrimp from Odisha", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Shrimp farmers in the state are a worried lot as export of their produce to Japan, one of the major buyer countries of the seafood, has been severely hit since the past two months after the Japanese authorities detected ethoxiquin in the shrimps, a quinoline-based antioxidant used as a preservative and a pesticide, and have been refusing to buy the produce since.\"Odisha has been affected badly as around 60% of our shrimp is exported to Japan,\" said G Mohanty, president of Odisha Seafood Exporters Association.Exporters are not procuring more shrimps from farmers as they already have heavy stocks. As a result, shrimp farmers are forced to distress sale their produce to the middlemen of Andhra Pradesh. Seafood exporters in the neighbouring state export the shrimp to USA and European countries in larger quantities, sources said. In the face of heavy losses, small and middle category shrimp producers re unlikely to take up prawn culture next year.\"Not only seafood exporters, but shrimp farmers in the state will also be badly affected if the situation persists for a few more months,\" said A Chandra Sekhar Rao, a shrimp producer in Ganjam district.Seafood exporters have urged chief minister Naveen Patnaik to intervene in the matter and take up the issue with the Centre for an early solution of the issue. \"The issue can be solved only after the prime minister of the country takes up the matter with his Japanese counterpart,\" said Mohanty. He pointed out the issue has remained unresolved even after an official delegation discussed the matter with Japanese officials recently.\"We are aware of the fact and will discuss the issue with higher authorities for its early solution,\" said the state's commissioner-cum-secretary, fishery and animal resources department, Satyabrata Sahu. Other government officials, however, said except Japan the export has not hit other countries.Odisha exported seafood worth around Rs 800 crore last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509215", "title": "BEST eyes Rs 35cr revenue during Ganeshotsav", "text": "MUMBAI: The loss-making BEST undertaking usually makes a record revenue collections during the Ganesh festival every year and this year is no different. The undertaking is expecting an unprecedented earning of Rs 35 crore during the 10-day festival. The daily ticket sales is set to touch the Rs 4-crore mark on certain days.Said BEST committee member Ravi Raja, \"The daily earnings through ticket sales will be an average Rs 3.75 crore. The festival is already witnessing packed BEST buses, with several revellers planning to visit pandals in our red buses.\"The buses are usually packed in areas like Sion, Dadar, Parel, Byculla, Mumbai Central, Gamdevi, Fort, Colaba and in the western suburbs between Andheri and Borivli, eastern suburbs between Kurla and Mulund/Deonar. The peak rush is during the evening hours and this time, the BEST will run special buses overnight from 10.30pm to 6am from September 24 to September 28. This is expected to fetch more revenue for the undertaking.The BEST usually earns around Rs 3 crore through daily ticket sales. The frequency of buses on routes having Sarvajanik Ganeshotsavs have been increased till the last day of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514465", "title": "Newly discovered pics of Lennon show him enjoying cricket on movie set", "text": "New pictures of John Lennon , which were taken in 1966, show him on the set of the movie 'How I Won The War' during a brief break from 'The Beatles'.Directed by Richard Lester , who also made 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help!' with the Fab Four, the film offered Lennon a serious acting role.It also gave him a rare opportunity to escape from his increasingly enervating life with 'The Beatles', who were at the peak of their fame and besieged by screaming fans wherever they went.In March 1966, Lennon had caused worldwide outrage with his comment in an interview that The Beatles were 'more popular than Jesus'.Partly as a result of the public backlash their tour of the US that August would be their last, but just a month later he was on the set of the film, in which he played Private Gripweed, alongside 'Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em' star Michael Crawford in the lead role.An absurdist comedy, it was set in North Africa during the Second World War, although its anti-war message was seen as a commentary on the situation in Vietnam , which was escalating at the time.Photographer Zdenko Hirschler visited the blisteringly hot set in Andalusia, Spain, arriving during a tea break in which Lennon displayed his legendary dry wit.According to Hirschler, Lennon was holding a cup of tea and a sandwich.\"He told me, 'See? One does not have to be a star to get a sandwich and a tea - but it helps to get you to the front of the waiting line',\" the Daily mail quoted Hirschler as saying.\"In spite of his military uniform, he looked like a young student - fresh, clean and happy. He was 26 but looked like a teenager,\" he said.He was thrilled to be involved in the film, in which he first wore the round glasses which would become his trademark, hoping acting might provide him with a new direction.\"No more travelling, no more tours. We are going to split, for a while at least,\" Lennon said.Towards the end of the film, Lennon's character dies after being shot four times. Lennon initially refused to take part in the scene, revealing that he was haunted by fears of an unnatural death.He told Lester he was concerned about an 'eerie prophecy' which he said 'may mean violent death for me later on'. His fears came true in 1980 when Mark Chapman shot him five times on the doorstep of his home in New York .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509359", "title": "Rohini triple murder: Call records analyzed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a three members of a family \u2014 businessman Yoginder Pratap Singh Chauhan, his daughter Karishma, and his wife Rekha \u2014 were found murdered in their northwest Delhi house, cops analyzed their call records on Saturday. Sources confirmed that Yoginder had received a call from his son-in-law from Rajasthan but nothing substantial has been found, police said.However, like Jolly, the murdered couple's daughter, Yoginder's sister Manorama who joined the probe on Saturday also hinted at someone close being behind the murders. \"We have never had any problems over property. We had even helped Yoginder financially after his son's death,'' she said.Cops are also intrigued by why Karishma, Yoginder's daughter, was smothered to death with a pillow unlike the other two victims. This was revealed in the primary autopsy report on Saturday. \"Both Yoginder and Rekha were hit with a heavy object, but Karishma and Rekha were smothered to death. This unusual pattern of murder has confused us,'' said a source.According to police, they are contacting the friends of Karishma to find out if anyone had threatened her recently. Also, Karishma's laptop remains \"officially untraceable\". The police has maintained that the murders were a result of personal enmity or sudden burst of anger and less of a robbery. The FSL report of blood stains \u2014 recovered from a cloth on the first floor \u2014 is awaited.Joint commissioner (northern range) Tajinder Luthra confirmed the assailants had a friendly entry after cops had found the front doors of the house open. \"Nothing precious is missing. But we are keeping all options, robbery and personal enmity, open,'' said Luthra.The family had earlier lost Yoginder's son in an accident last year and sources said that the family was not happy with the Rohini police probe into the death. The family was suspicious of Vicky's death and wanted an independent probe into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510602", "title": "This Muslim home is first stop of Ambaji pilgrims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kasambapu Tirmizi, a septuagenarian, is seen pacing frantically at his Limbadiya village house on the outskirts of the Ahmedabad, directing volunteers to run errands. For close to 30 years, more than 500 pilgrims who walk 190km to Goddess Ambaji's temple visit this Muslim family, their first stop before they embark on the pilgrimage.\"It was in 1985 that Jasubhai Patel and five of his friends who were on their way to Ambaji decided that such rest houses be arranged for pilgrims. I volunteered to be part of this and offered my home. My wife used to receive the pilgrims till five years ago. After her death, it's my daughter Gausiya who receives them,\" says Tirmizi. The pilgrims belong to the Arbuda Yuvak Mandal Pagpala Sangh, which helps pilgrims from Arbudanagar in Odhav walk the pilgrimage.By 11.30 am, the first batch of 220 pilgrims arrived at Limbadiya and Kasambapu welcomed Goddess Amba's chariot along with pilgrims. Once the pilgrims settled down and were ready for the ceremonial 'aarti' the women among the pilgrims asked Tirmizi's daughter Gausiya to lead the prayers for them which she willingly did.\"The Mandal provides caps with radium stickers to pilgrims as most of them walk during the night till 7 am and rest the entire day. In these three decades, there has not been a single accident reported of pilgrims who belong to our Sangh,\" says Tirmizi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16510629", "title": "'Karanth had big plans for theatre'", "text": "MYSORE: Kannada writer Vaidehi has said that people got attracted towards theatre after interacting with B V Karanth.Remembering the days spent with the theatre veteran, she said: \"Karanth had great plans for art. He had dreamt a lot about theatre and art.\" She was speaking at the inaugural of the three-day 'B V Karanth Ranga Namana' at Bhoomigeetha in Rangayana premises on Saturday evening.Recalling how Karanth was particular about language, Vaidehi said he sent theatre students to villages so that they could learn the regional dialect and culture. \"He believed that good hold on traditional roots can make one a good artiste,\" she added.Rare photographs of Karanth were exhibited at Rangayana premises. They include the ones taken with former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, writer U R Ananthamurthy, actor-writer Girish Karnad and others.On Saturday evening, Karanth-directed play 'Chandrahasa' was staged. On Sunday, a documentary on Karanth will be screened, which will be followed by a discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509044", "title": "AIIMS to train doctors for emergencies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The AIIMS trauma centre will start a crash course in emergency medicine for the doctors of six AIIMS-like institutions launched recently.\"The AIIMS trauma centre has the most advanced level of automation and computerization. To ensure that similar standards are followed at the new hospitals, we have worked out training modules for the newly recruited faculty which will start soon,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre.The directors of the six institutions, who were present at the meeting that took the decision on Saturday, said hospital services were likely to be started at these centres in about a year. The six institutes are in Patna, Bihar; Bhubaneshwar, Odisha; Jodhpur, Rajasthan; Rishikesh, Uttarakhand; Raipur, Chhattisgarh; and Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh; have recruited faculty members to run the MBBS course.Dr A K Mahapatra, director of AIIMS Odisha, said they would start with general surgery, ENT and ophthalmology departments. \"We are working to start the services at the earliest but we cannot indicate any timeframe now,\" he said.\"All six hospitals will have 1,000 beds and over a period of time, we are going to have all kinds of super-specialty treatment facilities,\" said Dr Raj Kumar, the director of AIIMS Rishikesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509301", "title": "Artistes who created popular bhajan live in penury", "text": "MUMBAI: When Marathi singer Puspha Paghdhare sang Itni Shakti Hame Dena Data for the film Ankush, she didn't realize it would get a cult status. It was adopted as a morning prayer at schools and as an anthem by a political party. Twenty-six years later, the song has reinvented itself as a popular cellphone ringtone.In contrast, Paghdhare has in this interim become just another forgotten artiste living in a one-room tenement in Mahim's Machimaar Colony. She is not the only one associated with the song who is facing penury; the song's composer Kuldeep Singh has been earning a living by taking music tuitions and writer Abhilash has defaulted on the EMI payment for his house.Paghdare said, \"People offer money, but all I want is a house.\" For decades, she has sung songs for Marathi films and given memorable hits. \"In 1989, I applied to the government for a house. Every time I enquire, I am told the allotment will be done soon. I want CM Prithviraj Chavan to look into the case,\" said Paghdare, who receives a pension of Rs 1,400 a month from the cultural department. \"Only recently, the pension started getting deposited into my account,\" Paghdare said.\"I cannot do riyaaz in this house. People increase TV volumes,\" she said, pulling out a harmonium gifted to her by ghazal singer Jagjit Singh.Abhilash, who wrote the bhajan, has been working in the industry for the last 40 years. He said, \"There have been times I missed the EMI payment for my house. The song has been downloaded lakhs of times, but we haven't got a single penny from the music company,\" said Abhilash, who writes songs for TV serials.The song's composer, Kuldeep Singh, makes a living bytaking music lessons. \"I want to earn enough to keep my kitchen running,\" said Singh, who doesn't want to be dependent on his kids.Singh, who gets a Rs 500 royalty for the song, is hopeful the copyright bill will help him and his team. Dharmesh Tiwari, Federation of Western India Cine Employees president said, \"We hope the bill secures artistes' lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510840", "title": "Biodiversity spl at Habibganj station", "text": "BHOPAL: The Science Exhibition Express Biodiversity Special (SEBS) train, which is travelling across the country to spread awareness on the enriched biodiversity of the nation is at the Habibganj railway station till September 24.Specially designed 16-coach AC train has eight coaches devoted to the different eco-regions of India such as the Deccan Plateau, Western Ghats, Deserts, Himalayas , Oceans and Coasts with colourful panel, games, interactive exhibits and 3D models of animals.\"We are able to communicate about biodiversity conservation in a two-way manner, as it is not only an exhibition, but a place for interacting with the science educators, the CEE staff and other partner organizations,\" said Centre for Environment Education (CEE) programme director Sanskriti Menon.The biodiversity exhibition on the train has been developed by CEE which conducts platform activities and the teacher orientation.The SEBS train, a joint venture of the Union environment and forest ministry and department of science and technology and ministry of railways, is an interesting and educative exhibition on wheels.Students vote for 'National Microbe'India may soon have a national microbe. An innovative campaign being run at each railway station on the route of SEBS is the 'Vote for National Microbe campaign. \"We have a national animal (the tiger), the national bird (the peacock), so then why not a national microbe too? Student can choose from eight 'candidates' all of whom play important roles such as composting, fermenting idli or make curd, etc,\" said Sanskriti Menon.According to CEE over two lakh have already voted.The eight microbes shortlisted are Lactobacillus, Rhizobium, blue mould, wild yeast, Bacteriophage T4, Spirogyra, E coli and Mucor.\"This way, we can draw attention to these microscopic forms of life which are also part of biodiversity,\" said Menon. Anyone can vote online for a microbe. The vote can also be registered on a 16-coach 'Science Express-Biodiversity Special' train passing through various cities across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "amsterdam", "code": "16509085", "title": "Birthday party invite goes viral, sparks rioting", "text": "AMSTERDAM: Thousands of revellers descended on a small Dutch town sparking a riot after a party invitation posted on Facebook went viral, police said on Saturday.Prosecutor Hessel Schuth said 34 people were arrested on Friday night and in the early hours of Saturday morning and would be prosecuted for public order offenses. Several people were injured, but none were believed to be seriously hurt.\"Scum ran amok in our town,\" said Rob Bats, mayor of Haren, 185 kilometers north of Amsterdam . \"An innocent invitation on Facebook for a party led to serious rioting, destruction, plundering, arson and injuries in the middle of Haren,\" he said.Bats said an initial analysis showed a core group of rioters \"were very violent and well-prepared and deliberately sought confrontation\" with hundreds of police who had been dispatched to the town.Dutch media reported that the party originally was planned as a small celebration by a 16-year-old girl but her invitation went viral when she posted it on Facebook. Some 30,000 people received the invitation on Facebook as the girl did not set her Facebook event to private and the invitation went viral.Reports said up to 3,000 people showed up in the town of 18,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16510984", "title": "Yet another female infant found abandoned", "text": "INDORE: At a time when law enforcement agencies and health activists were discussing the ways and means to curb declining sex ratio in the state in a workshop, an abandoned female newborn found in Mhow once again challenged the policies of government and questioned the effectiveness of ground work. On Saturday morning, a day-old girl was found abandoned wrapped in a cloth in a garbage dump in Vishwas Nagar colony in Pithampur industrial area on Saturday morning. The baby was found when a woman of the colony was throwing garbage and heard the baby cry. The woman raised an alarm. The residents rushed in and took the baby to Mhow civil hospital. The girl had fever and mild pneumonia. Parvati, the woman, who found the baby, said that two persons come to the hospital to adopt the girl. The hospital staff told them to wait till the treatment was over and also to approach the administration officials to complete legal formalities.Meanwhile, Madhya Pradesh Voluntary Health Association (MPVHA) organized re-orientation programme for district prosecution officer and young lawyers on sex selection issue and implementation of PCPNDT Act. Advocates from 14 districts have gathered to participate in the workshop and discussed their experiences faced in day to day life while dealing the cases. Dr PR Deo, state programme coordinator, UNFPA emphasized on formation of district advisory committee and its importance in assisting authorities in implementation of PCPNDT Act from time to time. Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) A Sai Manohar briefed the advocates about the administrative aspects and shared his experiences with them.On this occasion, Uday Warunjikar, senior advocate, Mumbai High Court highlighted briefed different sections and rules which can help better implementation of act and curb declining sex ratio. Executive director of MPVHA Mukesh Kumar Sinha while discussing the work of the organization informed audience the workshop is not only for raising awareness but its purpose is to train young advocates so that they can effectively play their role in curbing down the incidences of sex selection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16510030", "title": "Truck freight rate hiked by 18%", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Truck Owners' Association (JTOA) on Saturday increased truck freight charges in the state by a whopping 18%. The move comes a day after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced that the hike in diesel the prices will not be rolled back. The freight hike is effective for 50,000-odd trucks from Saturday morning. The JTOA had organized protests and demanded rollback of hike in diesel prices.\"Truckers were suffering massive losses daily,\" said Prabhat Kumar Santu, JTOA general secretary. \"A group was insisting on a 20% hike while another was reluctant to move above than 15%. Finally, a consensus was reached,\" Santu said. JTOA president Uday Shankar Ojha said: \"It was a painful decision to make, but we had no other option.\" A truck takes at least 15 ton load and charges two way fares. Earlier, the rate was Rs 2.4 per km. The hiked rates also include several conditional charges.The hike in truck freight is likely to affect costs of construction material. \"The cost of bricks, cement, stone chips and sand will soar as transportation cost will become higher. Buying a flat will become more expensive and we expect that there will an increase of at least Rs 50-100 per square feet in price of flats within a few days,\" said a businessman.Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJsaid the freight hike will lead to massive escalation in the prices of essential commodities. \"It will affect prices of all food grains, engineering goods and vegetables,\" said FJCCI member R D Singh.The All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) had hiked truck freight by 15% just a day after the government decision. Jharkhand Bus Owners' Association (JBOA) and Diesel Auto Drivers Association in Ranchi have also hiked fares by 10% on all routes. FJCCI member R D Singh said the truck freight hike will affect the common people. \"The hike in bus and auto fare has already affected normal life,\" said Singh.The price of diesel in Jharkhand was hiked by Rs 5.9 per liter due to VAT even as the Centre hiked it only by Rs 5. Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who also holds the finance portfolio, has on a number of occasions assured people that the state government would reduce the prices by 90 paisa. But it is yet to come on the ground.Jharkhand Petroleum Dealers Association (JPDA) plans to submit a memorandum to the government in this regard. \"When other states can do away with VAT to reduce the price of diesel why can not Jharkhand do it,\" asked Kalika Sah, a member of the association. JPDA would submit a memorandum to chief minister Arjun Munda in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510670", "title": "Patna youth carefully carefree", "text": "PATNA: The mood and mentality of city youngsters have changed so much in recent years that the parents have been trying to go extra mile to bridge the generation gap. The city youth believe in living each moment to the fullest. As the city is changing, youth are also going for makeover in their lifestyle to match the pace of the metros. TOI reached out to them to find out their habits, hangouts, likes and dislikes.\"If you ask me to sum up my way of life in one line, I would say 'I don't want to have any regrets when I'm on my deathbed and I do everything possible to realize my dreams,\" said 20-year-old Nikhil, a BCom student.Asked how she spends her weekends, Shefali, a class 12 student of a private school, who was at the P&M; Mall with her 'gang', said, \"Well, every weekend is different. Sometimes we watch a movie or do window shopping at markets. Sometimes we meet at some friends' place or just spend a lazy weekend at home cooking and cleaning.\"Social networking sites are quite popular among them. Mayank (21), a BSc student, accompanied by her girlfriend at Eco Park, revealed, \"I met her on Facebook and immediately felt a connection. After more than 3 months of chatting, we decided to meet and now are in a relation for more than 6 months.\" Well, so committed, because many teenagers of the city claim to fall in 'love' on a weekly basis, and apparently fall out of it even faster.With eating joints flooding the city, youngsters have a lot of options to satiate their taste buds. Trying out Continental delicacies at a recently launched restaurant, Kunal and his friends said, \"Now we do have some good eateries in Patna, but we come here occasionally, say for Birthday treats.\" His friend Manoj added, \"The good old roadside stalls serve our taste better, and they are in the budget too.\" And there were a few like Niharika and Ritu (BA students) who are lured by nothing more than 'ghar ka khana'.Lifestyle of youths is incomplete without gadgets. While the latest smartphones are flashed by them as trophies, for many their gadget gear is incomplete without a simple and reliable cellphone. Akansha, a BEd student, said, \"I just love my Galaxy. I can do so many things with it.\"Her sister, Ankita, however was comfortable with the simple cellphone as \"it needs no maintenance and never hangs.\" Ankita added, \"I would rather buy some clothes than splurge on gadgets.\"Talking about clothes, the city has a wide range of branded apparels on the offer, but the citizens are not satisfied. \"The branded outlets we have here are not well stocked and we are still far from brands such as 'Prada' and big designers coming to city,\" said Nupur Singh, a mass communication student.There are others who still prefer to shop at Hathwa Market or Patna Market complexes of the city, \"as they offer more varieties at reasonable rates,\" said Rahul, 24.The unusual messages on their T-shirts are not only style statements but also shout out their ideologies.Their musical preferences surprisingly range from compositions of The Beatles to that of Himesh Reshamiya (no pun intended) and speeding on their cool bikes gives them a high that any drug won't match. \"I wouldn't exchange the freedom I feel while riding bikes with anything,\" said Nihal, 26, a businessman.Asked whether his helmet accompanies him on his bike, he replied, \"Of course. We are carefree, but not careless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513477", "title": "Candlelit dinner for Sunday nights: Koyel", "text": "Actress Koyel Banerjee Mishra says she used to love sleeping till late in the mornings on Sundays during her school daysGone are the days When I was in school, sleeping till late in the morning on Sundays was a routine. I hardly had friends back then. But since I hailed from a joint family, I had a lot of cousins to play with, till noon. Then we would sit in front of the TV watching our favourite cartoon show, The Jungle Book. During lunch time, mutton dish was a must. Then it was time for a short nap after which I would run for my dance classes. I used to learn Rabindra Nrutya, Kathak and Bharatanatyam. After the dance class, I'd head straight for the sweet shop and have plenty of langcha. Oh, I miss misti. Often I would visit my mama bari and masi bari and play with my cousins there. Sundays used to be so much fun.Present tense Now, if there is a shoot on a Sunday, then I go for it otherwise. I just wake up late and have health drink or sandwich for breakfast. Then Bobby (my husband) and I go to the market to get fish or mutton for the lunch. Even now, for Sunday lunch, mutton is a must for me on the table. Bobby cooks while I enjoy watching him. In the afternoon, we go on long drives. I love to go on long drives. We normally head for the Marine Drive or to the Ugra Tara Mandir at Balugaon. We travel long distances. Then we have dinner outside before returning home.Wish I could I wish Bobby and I could go to some island where no one is there to disturb us \u2014 a romantic getaway for us. There will be water and water all around us. We'll play slow romantic instrumental music. Actually I hate noise. So, I would definitely love to spend a whole day with Bobby on that lonely Island in a blissful silence. And in the evening, we would roam around the island and then we would have our nice romantic dinner under the moonlight.(As told to Jyoti Prakash Naik)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16511765", "title": "Five arrested in 27L robbery case", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch of the Pune police arrested five out of the seven people involved in robbing Rs 26.95 lakh from an employee of a private firm near the Pune Municipal Corporation on September 17.Police have seized Rs 22.95 lakh and three motorcycles worth Rs 2.3 lakh from the suspects. The suspects threw chilli powder at the victim, Sanjay Ambadas More of Ramtekdi, who works for the Radiant cash management services private limited, which is in the business of cash pick-up and delivery.The suspects had robbed More around 12.45 pm when he was on his way to deposit the cash in a bank on FC Road. He had collected the money from a trader's office at Market Yard and in Ganesh Peth.The suspects, Kiran Jagtap (22), Wasim Shaikh (30) and Sudhir Kamat (26) are residents of Wanowrie, while Akshay Jagtap (22) is from Hadapsar and Ayaz Shaikh (20) hails from Mumbai.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke said, \"We initially registered a robbery case against four people with the Shivajinagar police station, but investigations revealed that three more were involved, following which we invoked charges of dacoity against the suspects.\"Deputy commissioner of police Rajesh Bansode and assistant commissioner of police Vinod Satav from the crime branch were present. Solunke said, \"The company had issued instructions to its employees to take preventive measures like asking for a security guard if they were to collect over Rs 20 lakh. The employees were further asked to hire an autorickshaw instead of using a bike for transporting a large amount of cash. Despite these instructions, More opted to use his bike in order to save autorickshaw fare of Rs 200.\"\"The incident had taken place because of a tip-off by Kiran, who also happens to be an employee of the same firm. He was aware that the collection was to be made, and so informed his associates. Kiran had studied the routes used by More closely by following him on three previous occasions,\" he stated.\"Wasim is a milk delivery man, while Ayaz works as a security guard at a construction site in Pune. The others are unemployed. The suspects knew each other well,\" he said, adding, \"A reward of Rs 20,000 was announced for inspector Satish Govekar and his team of the anti-dacoity cell for detecting the case within four days.\"Wasim is also involved in a cellphone theft case at Kolhapur . The police are checking the criminal antecedents of the others. Police are also on the lookout for two absconding suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "16509848", "title": "Mob thrashes teacher for molesting girl", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A 32-year-old computer teacher was critically injured after being beaten up by a mob in Naihati after he allegedly molested a nine-year-old girl on Saturday evening. Debopriya Mukherjee, the teacher, was admitted to Naihati hospital in a critical condition.Debopriya runs a computer training centre at his residence in Naihati's Purba Kathalpara. Family members of a Class III girl alleged that the teacher molested their daughter on Saturday evening when she went to his house to attend a class. Debopriya allegedly took the girl to another room forcibly and molested her. The girl reportedly told her mother about the assault when she went to take her daughter back home from the coaching centre.As the news spread in the locality, a mob ransacked Deboprya's house. They also dragged him out of his house and beat him up severely. After being informed, a police team from Naihati police station rushed to the spot and rescued the teacher. Cops admitted him to the hospital and a police picket was posted at the area to avoid further untoward incident. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.The girl's family members lodged a complaint of molestation against the teacher at Naihati police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16510145", "title": "Munda should follow Cong states on LPG cap: Balmuchu", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The state Congress has asked the Jharkhand government to follow the example of the Congress ruled states in the country and bear the cost of at least three LPG cylinders. The state Congress has also asked the state government to waive off some percentage of Value Added Tax (VAT) on diesel to ease the burden on common man.\"The state government should emulate the wise decision taken by the Congress ruled states and allow every family to book nine LPG cylinders each year,\" state Congress president and MP Pradeep Balmuchu said on Saturday.Addressing party activists at a sit-in hosted outside DC office to highlight the misrule of the Munda led coalition government, Balmuchu said the current dispensation in the state is anti-people. \"If the state government is sincere in fulfilling its responsibilities towards common man then it should come forward with measures to minimize the hardships of the people,\" Balmuchu said.He said because of poor economic conditions prevailing in the domestic and international circuit at present, the Union government had to take few hard steps to resurrect the economy and pace up the economic growth. \"FDI in multi-brand retail sector is one of the measures taken up to attract foreign funds so that more jobs are created,\" he said. He also feels FDI in the retail sector will benefit the small and marginalized farmers of the state.Congress MLA from Jamshedpur (West) Banna Gupta criticized BJP for practicing double standards on FDI issue. The party also submitted a 10-point demand letter to the governor Syed Ahmed through district commissioner's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510754", "title": "Patna Medical College and Hospital burns ward in bad shape", "text": "PATNA: Lack of special beds for patients, poor drinking water and sanitation facilities, no waiting room for attendants, inadequate security arrangements, AC mostly in dysfunctional mode and many more such glitches will haunt you, if, God forbid, you have to go to the burn ward of PMCH.The 52-bed ward, which usually remains full, is in dire need of a major makeover. About 50-60 patients are always admitted to the ward. Ironically, when the beds are full, patients are kept on the floor, a big no-no for burn patients, as it is considered an acute emergency ward.Burns and plastic surgery HoD Dr VP Choudhury said, \"There is severe shortage of doctors, special burn recovery beds for patients, nurses and other paramedics in the ward.\"He said the ICU is also in a bad shape as it suffers from shortage of ventilators and monitors. \"Most of the time, the medicines prescribed for burn patients are not available in the hospital causing great inconvenience to patients as well as their attendants as they have to fetch the medicines from outside,\" said Dr Choudhury, adding the entire ward is sometimes converted into a 'dharamshala' as there is no waiting hall for attendants and proper security arrangements which could stop the influx of attendants.The HoD said three posts of associate professors, two of assistant professors, one of senior resident and those of medical officers to man the emergency are presently lying vacant in the department. \"Though we have requested for appointment of more doctors long back, no action has been taken so far. There is also lack of qualified doctors needed for advanced plastic surgeries,\" he said.Ironically, a Rs13 crore proposal to convert the ward into a 100-bed centre is awaiting government nod for several months. The department says the proposal has been submitted to the state health department, but the department speaks otherwise. Health department's principal secretary Vyasji said, \"No such proposal has come to the department so far. If the proposal has been made individually, I cannot say anything. I have asked all the six government medical colleges in the state to submit a vision document to make them centres of excellence, but we have not received a single proposal so far from anywhere. A meeting has been called in this regard in October to discuss the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16510231", "title": "Pharmacist missing, 27 shops' licence suspended", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has suspended 27 licenses for temporary period after the pharmacist was found missing from the chemist shops. According to rule, a pharmacist has to be at the chemist shop when the shop is open. But during surprise inspection the FDA found 27 shops violating this provision. The licence of these shops have been for suspended to a period ranging between 15 and 30 days.FDA sources claimed that, the action has been initiated in wake of directive issued by state FDA commissioner. \"Earlier, the department was didn't take any action for these types of violations. Those found repeatedly guilty of such violations were punished with small suspension terms of two-three days,\" sources said.After FDA commissioner discovered that the FDA officers at local level are much lenient and many violators go without proper punishment, he directed every FDA office to take stringent action against such violators. \"We have suspended the chemists licenses for 15 to 30 days, where pharmacists were found missing during inspection. Similar assessment of all chemist shops is underway and whoever found guilty of violation would invite strong action,\" said assistant commissioner of FDA Chandrapur Sunil Jambhulkar.Sources claimed that FDA could increase the suspension period up to six months, if these shops don't fall in line. \"The action has scared the retailers. Any suspension for three to six months could lead to expiry of large quantity of drugs in the shop. Moreover wholesalers have become cautious on lending medicines to non-pharmacist retailers,\" said a chemist.Chemist and druggist leader Mukund Dubey however blamed FDA for such violation. \"The process of issuing chemist licenses is flawed and full of loopholes. The related law dates back to 1945 and have seen little amendments since then. Time has changed and so there is a need to amend the law as per needs of modern days,\" he said.\"Non-qualified people take advantage of loopholes in process and obtain chemists licenses. FDA should make the process infallible, Dubey said. He also lambasted the rising practices of doctors seeking chemist licenses themselves or in the name of their relatives or partners. Of those licenses suspended by FDA, a few are chemists shops run at nursing home or have some connection with doctors.\"FDA is now demanding sale and purchase details of medicines from chemist shops. Why don't the department ask the same from doctors, who purchase large quantity of medicines, but keep no record of its dispensing? Similarly income tax and sales department should also inquire into this practice of doctors,\" Dubey demanded.The usual practiceThere are around 1,200 retail and wholesale chemist and druggist shops in district. But, the practice of running a chemist shop on borrowed licenses or making a pharmacist a dummy partner in business to start a chemist shop, is rampant in this business. In such cases, chemists shop owners fail to keep mandatory pharmacist in the shop all the time and the same violation has invited strong action this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508728", "title": "Delhi University's English department among world's best: QS World University rankings", "text": "NEW DELHI: The QS World University Rankings has ranked Delhi University among the 100 best places to study English. Even as Indian institutions of higher education have drawn flak for failing to make the top 200 in overall university rankings, DU's English department features in the 51-100 group in QS' annual survey.English (or language) departments of three other Indian universities have made QS' list by subject (in this case, English language and literature) \u2014 Jawaharlal Nehru University, University of Calcutta and University of Hyderabad. But unlike DU's department, they are in the 151-200 ranks group.In English teaching, DU is in the same league as Pennsylvania State University , St Andrew's University and University of Sussex \u2014 all in the 51-100 category. DU's English is better than that of Purdue University , Nottingham University and University of Liverpool. Only the first 50 in the list (topped by Cambridge University ) have been ranked individually.Teachers cite a number of reasons for the success of DU's English department. \"First, it's the profile of the department in terms of research and publications. We are on top in subaltern studies, in post-colonial studies. Then, the numbers \u2014 we have 600 MA students, of whom 10-15 are as good as anybody,\" says a professor. He adds that India is not considered modern for technology but for the ideas of democracy and freedom, and those belong to the domain of humanities. The department is a part of the University Grants Commission's Special Assistance Programme.\"It is a matter of great happiness,\" says another member of the department, \"but we should be aiming even higher.\" They can allow themselves only a bit of smugness as, ironically, they have been skeptical of such lists. \"Such rankings are quite arbitrary,\" says a professor right after sharing the \"very nice\" piece of news.(The QS World University Rankings is known to be one of the three most influential and widely observed international university rankings, along with the Times Higher Education World University Rankings and the Academic Ranking of World Universities.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16509643", "title": "HUDA to supply canal water for construction", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is planning to provide canal water to builders for construction purposes.\"The option of supplying canal water to builders is being worked out. The details and the procedure will be finalized soon,\" said Praveen Kumar, HUDA administrator. As per the tentative plan, builders will have to ferry canal water from Chandu Budhera water treatment plant (WTP) through water tankers.The canal water supply is likely to increase by the end of this month. Till the time builders are allowed to use canal water, they will have to take treated water from the sewage treatment plants (STPs) for construction.After the Punjab and Haryana high court ban on the use of underground water by builders in Gurgaon, the HUDA had decided to provide treated water for construction. According to an estimate, this is saving 2 lakh litres of underground water every day. The HUDA is also providing drinking water to thousands of workers at construction sites.Before allowing water supply, HUDA has taken details of all real estate projects in the city. Daily discharge at HUDA STPs is about 33 million gallons per day (MGD), which is more than the demand for construction uses.Many builders say that the treated water from STP is not good enough for construction. \"If HUDA can supply canal water for construction purposes, it would help us. The canal water is better than treated water from STPs,\" said a realtor.Some builders are considering installing their own water treatment plants. \"If HUDA doesn't provide canal water, we will have to install a water treatment plant because water coming from STPs is just not usable,\" said an executive of a real estate company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510239", "title": "Farmers with land along streams lost almost all the crop", "text": "NAGPUR: Government officials say that Chandrapur has been luckier than other districts, as far as this year's farm crisis is concerned, since the main crop here is paddy. It did not suffer much damage due to excess rainfall. Cotton, soyabean and tur crops have been, however, affected to some extent.Most of the damage has been in Bhadrawati, Warora, Chandrapur, Rajura and Bramhapuri talukas. The reason is not excessive rainfall in these areas, but due to flooding of Irai, Wardha and Penganga rivers, which inundated farmland on the banks.Konda village of Bhadrawati taluka is a classic example. The village is divided into two localities - Juni Basti and Nai Basti. Juni Basti is close to a stream. When it rained heavily on September 5 and 6, farms belonging to residents of these villages were flooded and, in many cases, the entire crop was washed away. On the other hand, farms of Nai Basti residents are far from any stream, and are in good shape.Bala Matte, a resident of Juni Basti, suffered damage of Rs 2 lakh. He had planted soyabean on his 30 acre farm near the stream. His entire crop was washed away in the flood. \"The government will pay me compensation of Rs 20,000 at the most,\" he lamented.Matte told TOI that his farm was flooded in August due to heavy rainfall. \"The flood was caused by heavy rainfall but it did not cause much damage. However, the flooding in September was due to river jumping its banks and this destroyed the crop completely. My neighbour Rajeshwar Matte too had planted cotton in his 10 acre farm. It too was completely washed away in the flood.\"The situation is completely different in Nai Basti. Sunil Jiwtode has planted cotton and soyabean in 12 acres. He says that his crop is in good condition. \"There is no stream near my field, so my crop was not damaged. It suffered a pest attack, but the damage is limited.\"Sudip Satpute of Vijasan village found ways to minimize the damage due to excess rainfall. He created furrows and ridge pattern in his field. The crop was planted on an elevated ridge, while there are furrows to draining out excess water. \"If you take adequate precautions, there is not much damage,\" he stressed.\"I have sowed cotton in 35 acres. There was little damage due to excess rains because the water remained in the furrows and then drained out of my field. The cotton plants were not submerged under water. My plants have between 40 to 50 buds, whereas in other farms they have just started to mature. The furrow-ridge system does not need much expenditure. Now, other farmers of the area have also decided to try this method from next year,\" he said.Satpute is an enterprising farmer in other aspects too. He has sowed turmeric in 7.5 acre and earns lakhs every year, as this crop fetches high price. He started farming turmeric in 1998. Now, many farmers in Warora, Chandrapur, Bhadrawati and Hinganghat (Wardha district) talukas are growing this crop.Paddy farmers of the district say that their crop is in good condition. Waman Junghare, Laxmiram Yadav and other farmers of Datala village said that excess rainfall had only damaged their lady's finger and soyabean crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509891", "title": "Grey water recycling grabs PMC's attention", "text": "PUNE: Grey water recycling, that resonates with civic activists and some elected representatives, may find a place in the new Development Plan (DP).Grey water comes from kitchen sinks, showers and washing machines. Between 50 % and 80 % of household water that goes down the drain could be reused to flush toilets or water outdoor landscaping and for irrigation, experts said.The proposal to suggest recycling of grey water will be tabled before the City Improvement Committee (CIC) which is at present discussing the DP for old city areas. A DP lays out policies and proposals for the development and use of land in the city. It is meant to guide decisions on whether development permission should be granted under the Development Control rules.The use of grey water is related to availability of drinking water in the city. The irrigation department wants the civic body to recycle 10.90 TMC water instead of the earlier 6.50 TMC. \"As committed earlier, the Pune Municipal Corporation should recycle 6.50 TMC and additional 4.40 TMC water and make it available for irrigation. Additional water will be allocated only within this precondition,\" a recent letter by irrigation officials to the PMC has stated.The city generates about 9.5 TMC of sewage every year and the irrigation department has told the civic body to treat and release it into the irrigation canal for farmers' use. Once this happens, farmers will not lift water from the reservoirs and Pune can claim the additional quota.\"The city must take steps to improve water efficiency in buildings and use of grey water. As of now, the city has no system to make use of grey water. We have suggested that grey water collection and use system should be incorporated in the DP and necessary amendments should be made in the DC rules,\" said Congress corporator Aba Bagul who along with Sudhir Janjyot will submit a proposal to the CIC next week.If housing societies are able to treat grey water, they will not face any water shortage, thus reducing the water bill. The recycled water could be used for flushing and gardening purposes.\"The PMC has divided the city into 23 basins to lay and connect storm water drain pipelines. The central government is funding the project. The storm water drains are used only in the monsoon and otherwise remain dry. The PMC should lay separate pipelines in housing societies to collect grey water and connect these lines to storm water drains. This water should be treated if necessary and released in the river or canal for irrigation purpose. The treatment will not cost much compared to the sewage treatment and agriculture will get good quality water,\" states the proposal. A storm water drain is laid along the side of roads for the rain water to flow out during rains. These drains are connected to the nearest river or nullah.\"It is mammoth task to lay separate pipelines and connect them. But the central government funds will help the civic body to complete this work. If the existing housing societies want to collect grey water and use it locally, the PMC should provide Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) to societies. These societies can sell the TDR in the market and get money to lay grey water pipelines. The civic body should make it mandatory for new constructions to have a separate system to collect grey water,\" the proposal says.According to experts, grey water could be used for gardening. It can be used directly on vegetables as long as it does not touch the edible parts. Experts have warned that while using grey water it is essential to put nothing toxic like bleach, dye, bath salts, cleanser, shampoo, and products containing boron, down the drain. It is crucial to use all-natural, biodegradable soaps whose ingredients do not harm plants. Most powder detergents, and some liquid detergents, are sodium based, which can keep seeds from sprouting and destroy the structure of clay soils.Grey water reuse in toilets, requires the installation of extra pipes, pumps, a storage unit, and a simple treatment unit. It can be costly to retrofit existing toilets and urinals with a grey water collection system. It is much more feasible to introduce a system for collecting and treating grey water for reuse during the design phase, according to experts.\"Along with treated sewage water, the PMC should releases grey water for irrigation. This will help the city to claim more drinking water from dams,\" said Bagul.Maj Gen S C N Jatar of city-based Nagrik Chetna Manch said that the idea to use grey water is welcome, but the implementation is difficult. \"The PMC has not been able to treat sewage water and release it in canals for irrigation. Laying pipelines for collection of grey water will require a detailed project report and funds. To start with, the civic body can initiate steps to collect grey water from housing societies near STPs and collect water using the existing pipe lines and release it in the canals,\" he said.CIC chairman Chetan Tupe said that the committee will discuss the suggestions and forward it to the general body for a final approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514837", "title": "Kajal out of Mahesh-Sukumar\u2019s film?", "text": "It's been strongly buzzed that Kajal Agarwal is being dropped from the prestigious superstar Mahesh Babu-Sukumar's film. Sources say that the director is looking for a replacement for the female lead after encountering date issues with the actress.Sukumar initially roped in Kajal opposite Mahesh Babu to repeat the 'Businessman' magic but that looks unlikely at the moment. Perhaps, we can get a better picture once the makers announce it formally.Sukumar has worked hard on the script and Mahesh Babu is reportedly pleased with his characterization. The next schedule of this untitled film, produced by 14 Reels Entertainment (Dookudu combo) will be in Goa from October 10. Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509399", "title": "Bal Thackeray slams Mulayam Singh Yadav for \u2018duplicity\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray has slammed Samajwadi Party (SP) chief Mulayam Singh Yadav for bailing out the Congress party after Mamata Banerjee withdrew her party's support to the UPA on Friday.In a scathing editorial on Saturday, Shiv Sena mouthpiece Saamna has criticized Yadav for his 'duplicity'. \"Yadav won the Vidhan Sabha elections in UP by opposing the Congress party. Now, he is in the role of the Congress's saviour,\" said the Sena mouthpiece. Thackeray is the editor of the Sena morninger.Saamna had ridiculed the SP's stand on the entire issue. \"While Yadav has supported the UPA after Mamata's exit, he has said the SP would continue its opposition to FDI in multi-brand retail and the six-cylinder cap. This is nothing but hypocrisy. Yadav has always been doing this,\" Saamna said.Taking potshots at Yadav's argument that he was supporting the UPA to keep communal forces at bay, Saamna said the SP leader's logic was beyond comprehension. \"The UPAs decision to introduce FDI in retail is an economic decision. There is no question of communalism here. Yadav should have taken a decision on economic lines.\" Pointing out that Yadav failed to bring pressure on the UPA to withdraw FDI in retail, Saamna said the SP's support to the UPA was a joke. \"The people of India know why Yadav is supporting the UPA from outside,\" Saamna commented. The Sena newspaper lambasted the Centre for introducing FDI in retail.\"This decision will take the country to financial slavery and will ruin common shopkeepers. The decision will also trigger price rise. Yadav opposes FDI in retail, then why is he talking of secularism? Why he is talking of keeping communal forces away from office?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16515318", "title": "PMC waits for Rs 100 crore recovery from 10,000 tax defaulters", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has a list of nearly 10,000 property tax defaulters, who have more than Rs 1 lakh property tax dues per head. The civic administration has to recover around Rs 100 crore from these defaulters.The civic administration has given this information in a written reply to Shiv Sena corporator Prashant Badhe, who had sought information on the property tax recovery and the tax defaulters in the city. \"\"There are around 10,000 people, who have more than Rs 1 lakh property tax. They are yet to the make the payments for it,\"\" stated the written reply of administration.The reply said that PMC has issued notices to these people and has demanded that they should pay the taxes. Fines have also been imposed on the defaulters.Property tax is one of the main sources of revenue for the PMC. The department handles the billing and collection of property tax on residential, commercial, plots and other types of properties - held privately or by government (state and central) - within the PMC limits.There are around 6 lakh residential properties and 75,000 non residential properties. In addition, there are around 24,000 open plots.Earlier this year, PMC offered 10% discount (for tax less than Rs 25,000 or less), and a 5% discount (if the tax amount exceeded Rs 25,001) for those who paid tax before May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509849", "title": "Activists seek state's decision on BDP", "text": "PUNE: Civic activists have demanded that the state government accept the Jain committee's recommendations and approve the proposed biodiversity park (BDP) project in 23 villages merged in the civic limits. The six-member committee headed by K B Jain, dean of Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology, Ahmedabad, had strongly recommended that the BDP reservation, though not a zone as recommended by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), on the hills, forests and other green areas in these villages, should stay and not be cancelled.The PMC had recommended BDP zoning on 978.54 hectares across seven hills. The committee recommended that 73 hectares proposed under BDP zone be deleted and included in residential zone to honour \"committed development\".City activists stated that the report was submitted to the state government on May 10, 2012, but there was no final decision. The Green Pune Movement (GPM) recently submitted its suggestions and objections to the Development Plan (DP) of 23 merged villages with a letter of support from over 9,000 citizens who want the BDP issue settled on priority.The movement's member Satish Khot said that the state government while approving the DP for 23 merged villages has not taken any decision on BDP. Now that the state-appointed Jain committee has submitted its recommendation, the state should announce its decision.\"The entire approach of clearing the DP by keeping the BDP issue in abeyance is highly objectionable. The proposed substantial changes to the DP, other than BDP reservations, should not be effected without settling the BDP issue in the adjoining areas,\" said Khot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gangtok", "code": "16509127", "title": "Flash flood kills 22 in Sikkim", "text": "GANGTOK: Flash flood killed 22 people, triggered a series of landslides and washed away nearly 30km of highway in north Sikkim amid torrential rain Friday evening. Dozens of people on the North Sikkim Highway between Mangan and Chungthang inhabitants of these areas are reportedly missing.DIG Vineet Vinayak said 15 members of the Border Road Organization (BRO), five Indo-Tibet Border Police (ITBP) personnel and two civilians working in the Teesta-Urja hydel project were killed in the flash flood. The Pawan Chamling government has sounded alert along river banks in Lachen, Lachung, Dikchu, Singtam and Rangpo.Two major bridges on the stretch were also destroyed, severing the sole link between Gangtok and tourist hotspots of Lachen, Lachung and Yumthang.The disaster comes a year after a 6.9-magnitude earthquake hit Sikkim last September that killed 70 people and destroying the villages. Its epicentre was located at Chungthang.Officials said it's unlikely tourists would be trapped in those towns as permits are not issued for travel to these areas during the rainy season.\"Till now, 30 persons are reported missing, but the numbers could increase as we have not been able to access the area between Mangan and Chungthang yet,\" said Vinayak.BRO Sikkim chief engineer S S Porwal and his team are stranded in north Sikkim without food, equipment or electricity. \"The entire stretch of highway between Singhik and Chungthang has been washed away. We have lost all heavy road-building machinery. Other teams have to look for alternative routes and build roads and bridges afresh,\" Porwal said.The Army has been called, but officials said incessant rainfall was slowing down relief and rescue operations. Four choppers could not take off in heavy rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510745", "title": "Four arrested for plotting to gun down matka king", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a true Bollywood style, a group of four gangsters including a sharpshooter armed with a .65 mm pistol came to the city to gun down a major Worli Matka player. However, a team of city police and state anti-terrorists squad (ATS) officials nabbed them before they could commit the crime.The arrested included Vinu Bhagat who had allegedly given 'supari' of Rs 10 lakh for the murder. The operation started after the cops got a tip off about the plot to bump off Ghanshyam Dholiyo, a major Worli Matka player from Dariapur. The killing was planned by Bhagat who wanted to capture lion's share in Gujarat and Mumbai's matka market dominated by a Gujarati. Working on the tip-off, a team of crime branch officials led by inspector B P Rojiya kept a watch at the second floor of Saini Complex near SAL Hospital on Saturday.A K Sharma, joint commissioner of police (crime), told media that the team arrested Ramveer Sharma alias Pandit, a resident of Patelnagar, Ankleshwar, from the spot on the basis of the description provided. \"His search fetched a 7.65 mm pistol and eight cartridges. During his questioning, he identified two of his associates - Sukhvinder Singh Gurjar, a resident of Darshan Society, Ankleshwar and Turaq Talab Begani alias Bashir, a resident of Bharuch, who had accompanied him to the spot. Subsequently, the duo was also arrested,\" he said.Investigators said that the shootout was planned by Bhagat, a native of Kutch and resident of Mumbai. \"It is a multi-crore business controlled by few from Mumbai and Gujarat. There are two major factions - Kalyan Matka and Ratan Matka. While Bhagat represents Kalyan matka, Dholiyo is a major player in Ratan Matka. For Bhagat, it was make it or break it situation as after the death of his elder brother Suresh in 2008 in a road accident, his sister-in-law and her brother dominated the market,\" said an ATS official.Bhagat tried to strike a deal with Dholiyo to make a front against Jaya Bhagat. However, the nexus crumbled over profit sharing and Bhagat decided to eliminate Dholiyo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16514704", "title": "Executive Board of IOA to decide on election on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with a threat from International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Indian Olympic Association's Executive Board will meet on Monday to finalise the date of its election and take a few crucial decisions on its conduct and modalities.The Executive Committee is also expected to discuss the recent High Court order on the election for IOA as well as Archery Association of India (AAI).The simmering war of words between the IOC and the IOA intensified after the former slammed the Indian body for refusing to accept an observer for its upcoming elections and threatened to take action if poll date is not furnished by September 25.IOA acting president Vijay Kumar Malhotra had termed the world body's decision to send an observer as unacceptable.But according to IOC, such supervision was necessary owing to the \"confusion surrounding the status of Suresh Kalmadi \".Replying to Malhotra's missive, the world body, in its letter dated September 18, 2012, said: \"The IOC and OCA are extremely astonished by the content of your letter and by the fact that you do not seem to understand that the internal situation of your NOC is not as smooth and normal as you want to depict it.\"Should we remind you that, despite our numerous and repeated requests, you and your NOC were unable to take any clear decision vis-a-vis situation of Mr Kalmadi with much confusion surrounding the status, powers and decisions of your NOC Ethics Commission in this affair.\"Uncertainty hovers over IOA secretary-general Randhir Singh , who has expressed his willingness to contest the election after initially deciding against it. This also could well be on the agenda tomorrow.As far as AAI election is concerned, the HC in its order had asked the Sports Ministry to issue instructions to the association to enforce the sports code while holding the election.Besides rendering a person older than 70 years ineligible to run the poll for a sports body office, the sports code also stipulates that no person elected to any office consecutively for three terms with each term being of four years would be eligible to run the poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511137", "title": "Non-payment of dues results in club closure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The administration sealed the decades-old Central Club in Sector 9 on Saturday, citing non-payment of dues as the reason. This development came as a strong blow to the club members who rued that they could not prevent the clubs closure since everything quite quickly.Following this, the club members gathered outside the premises showing their resentment, and even met Adviser K K Sharma, who assured the members of taking the matter into consideration on Monday. The members have decided to pursue the matter afterwards.The club, basically a community centre, was initially being managed by the Plot Holders Association. Since things did not turn out well, it was handed over to the Central Club in October 1974, and the entire community centre was renamed as the Central Club. The club began with 150 members and the present number is 1,100. Nearly 80% of the members are septuagenarians and some are even nonagenarians, who visited the club for recreational activities. Things began to turn problematic when the administration revised the lease deed of the club and drastically increased the rental.Members have paid their rentals till December 2008, but no money was received afterwards.Administrative sources said the club owes Rs 1.21 crore as the amount due. And, the prevailing issue aggravated when the administration claimed that the club has did not pay regularly after 2000, but the club authorities, on the contrary, said they did so till December 2008. In 2009, the SDM had ordered that the Central Club be vacated in a fortnight. The club members approached the district court but the court did not provide any relief, and passed eviction orders.Club president Vinod Talwar, however, said that it was grave injustice on them and that the administration had done partiality with the Chandigarh Club and Golf Club that are also to pay arrears. No action was taken against these clubs.I frequent the place with my nonagenarian mother, who is also a member. But now, the administration is harassing us, said Indu Vaid, a member.For Chattar Singh Chadha, who is a founder member: We only spend quality time together and we never engage ourselves in any commercial activity. Rent could have been reduced.Club Vinod Khanna said: The Golf Club and Chandigarh Club do commercial activities and earn from these and even then, the administration takes no action. Its unclear why the Central Club is being targeted, where senior citizens come only to enjoy themselves.The GenesisCommunity centre allotted to Plot Holders Association in 1961 on a lease of Rs 25 per year Given to the Central Club in 1974 From 1974 to 1982, the yearly rent was Rs 975 From 1982 to 1989, it was Rs 1,267 From April 1989, the monthly rental was Rs 19,009 From March 2003, the monthly rental was Rs 25,567 From April 2004, monthly rental increased to Rs 1,31,947 Rental not paid for nearly four years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513918", "title": "Bindhu and Pia injured", "text": "Bindhu Madhavi and Pia Bajpai, the female leads of Sattam Oru Iruttarai remake, accidentally fell from a helicopter and were severely injured while shooting in Hong Kong.The actresses were immediately taken to the nearby hospital and the shooting was stopped.Bindu and Pia were shooting for an action sequence, involving Billa 2 like helicopter stunts. Both are expected to be back on the sets soon.Sattam Oru Iruttarai is produced by SA Chandrasekar and is directed by debutante Sneha Britto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16515196", "title": "Political class should be conscious about its role, Speaker Meira Kumar says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , who is no stranger to repeated disruptions in Parliament, on Sunday asked the political class to be \"conscious\" about its role and responsibility.\"Today's litmus test is the test of conscience which should not remain confined to legal profession. I think this test should apply to the political profession,\" she told a seminar here organised by Indian Law Institute in association with Bar Council of India and others.\"For all of us it is a must to pass the test of conscience which we need to have for a lasting handsomeness,\" she said following references from several speakers about law minister Salman Khurshid being the most handsome minister.With a slight grin, Kumar said the minister's handsomeness dominated proceedings in the seminar after it was raised by senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad.Prasad referred to the remarks made by Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia on Sturday about Khurshid and said his colleagues should be worried about it.Khurshid, who was present at the seminar, sought to make light of it all.\"So long as the offices of India also remains handsome... together in handsomeness we move forward and make this country truly a beautiful country and move forward as a democracy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16511245", "title": "Minister gives away artificial limbs, tricycles to disabled", "text": "TRICHY: Minister for School Education, Sports, and Youth, N R Sivapathy, on Saturday distributed artificial limbs, tricycles and other prostheses to physically challenged youths at a function organized by the social welfare department and the Catholic-run Trichy multi-purpose social service society. It was a touching incident as one of the recipients of the artificial limbs was a second-year student of Stanley Medical College, Chennai, who had lost both her legs in a 2002 road accident. The student, Udayakumari, was accompanied by her father to the function, and the minister specially introduced her to Mannachanallur MLA Poonatchi, whom he requested, to take care of as she hailed from his constituency.Despite her physical challenge, Udayakumari excelled in education and got admission to MBBS. She thanked the minister for implementing the scheme to take care of physically challenged people. Sivapathy also distributed tricycles to 50 people, artificial limbs to 10 people and other prostheses to 10 others. The special meeting at the TMSSS premises was also attended by MP Kumar, district collector Jayashree Muralidharan, MLAs Manoharan, Indira Gandhi, mayor A Jaya and other AIADMK's zonal heads in the corporation.Sivapathy said the chief minister had instructed all ruling party MLAs to spend a minimum of Rs 5 lakh out of their annual constituency development fund of Rs 2 crore on welfare measures. Moreover, a total of 6,500 differently abled persons in the district had been given Rs 7.6 crore worth benefits in the current fiscal, the minister said.Sivapathy also distributed four-gram gold for mangalsutra to 511 beneficiaries including 110 graduates at a function held at K A P Viswanatham Medical College Auditorium. He said 4,755 beneficiaries had benefited in this scheme alone at a cost of Rs 20 crore during 2011-12 in the district.Earlier in the day, the minister launched a seven-day Tamil language workshop for youth at Srirangam with a financial allotment of Rs 10 lakh. Training would be imparted to students in poetry, essay-writing, elocution, and the use of Tamil over the internet. Cash prizes of Rs 10,000 and Rs 7,000 respectively for the first and second places will be awarded to students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510813", "title": "Amdavadis are sitting ducks for heart attacks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujaratis are hurtling towards an epidemic of heart diseases because of their sedentary lifestyle and bad eating habits. Exactly a week before World Heart Day, to be celebrated on September 29, a new national survey shows 54% Amdavadis over 30 have low levels of good cholesterol, or HDL, that draws out the body's excess fatty cholesterol molecules and ejects them through the liver.Across India's urban hubs, the survey puts the number of heart-unhealthy people at a high 72%. Ahmedabad is a step ahead at 73%. \"This means 72% of the total respondents had a moderately high risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD),\" said cardiologist Dr Akshay Mehta from the Asian Heart Institute while releasing the results in Mumbai recently. A high 64% of the respondents between 30 and 34 years had more than one elevated risk factor, implying that young India is far from healthy.The study found that on an average 94% Indians failed to take the requisite three to five servings of fruits and vegetables every day. Ahmedabad was the worst of the lot with 96% of the respondents confessing to staying away from fruits.And when it came to physical activity, 72% of the respondents in Ahmedabad confessed to doing 15 minutes of exercise less than four times a week, even as they gobbled down bhajias, fafdas and jalebis. This means physical activity is lowest in Ahmedabad.Forget 30-year-olds, even Amdavadis in their 20s are falling prey to heart ailments. Dhrumit Shah, 20, a third-year bachelor of commerce student in Ahmedabad, needed an angioplasty after suffering a heart attack. Doctors found that the major artery supplying blood to his heart was blocked. Doctors also found that there was no history of hart ailments in Dhrumit's family. The main culprit was junk food, his staple.\"I operate on five to 10 people every month, who are below 40 years. Amdavadis, particularly youngsters, consume junk food, avoid exercise and lead sedentary lifestyles. It's a serious trend for our society,\" says Dr Shamik Brahmbhatt, an interventional cardiologist.The World Health Organization considers four factors - diabetes, hypertension, cholesterol and smoking - to judge healthy hearts. But this study also took into account factors like obesity, HDL and family history. A very high percentage of Amdavadis also had sugar imbalance.\"Nearly a third of my patients are between 30 and 50 years. The survey is spot on as almost all of the young patients do not eat healthy meals, favouring junk-on-the-go and harbour a false sense of not having time to exercise,\" says senior cardiologist from Ahmedabad Dr Sameer Dani.Artificial heart brings new hopeA tiny mechanized device weighing 400 grams may soon give a new lease of life to more than 4 million people in the country who die of heart failure every year. A Mumbai hospital has brought in the technology to implant an artificial heart that takes over all functions of the original heart and promises to double the patient's life-expectancy, while doing away with fears of rejection by the body. Bandra's Asian Heart Institute is offering the implant at Rs 1 crore. Globally, more than 10,000 people are believed to be living with the device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511136", "title": "Guv as UT head row reaches centre now", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With city shedding its disturbed area tag in the wake of recent Punjab and Haryana high court judgment, the clamour for revival of Chief Commissioners post as UT head, has started getting louder.Days after the high court accepted his plea against citys disturbed area status, petitioner Surinder Bhardwaj, has now written to the Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde claiming that Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil who is also UT administrator cannot hold the latter post.Stating that UT administrators post cannot be held by Punjab Governor, Bhardwaj in his letter mentioned that Governor Shiv Raj Patil has neither legal authority nor the jurisdiction to head the city. Bhardwaj spoke to media on the issue on Saturday. Bhardwaj, who is also president of local wing of Janata Dal , has given the reference of a notification issued by union government in the year 1984, in which, the chief commissioner was given the charge of UT administrator.He mentioned notification issued on behalf of deputy secretary Baleshwar Rai read, The President is pleased to appoint K Banerji, IAS, as the administrator of UT Chandigarh, with the designation of chief commissioner with effect from August 2, 1984, till further orders.It was not even substituted by any other notification appointing governor of Punjab as UT administrator. Hence, governor of Punjab does not have the legal authority and jurisdiction to head the city and he should discontinue functioning as the administrator of Union Territory, he said.Bhardwaj added that he was yet to receive a response from the union home minister on the issue.Raising questions over the citys status as UT, he claimed that the notification in this regard was issued way back in 1966 and there was no justification in including it in Punjab and Haryana.Statehood driveBuoyed at the high courts order, over removal of its disturbed area tag, Surinder Bhardwaj said soon he would start gathering support for the status of a separate state to Chandigarh, which he suggested can be done by including surrounding areas in its jurisdiction. As more elected representatives would be involved in the development work, the new system can help bringing development in a better way. Bhardwaj said soon a signature campaign will be launched in the city from Sector-17 Plaza in support of assembly system for Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509258", "title": "Councillors get more financial powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: To expedite the process of getting a file sanctioned, the corporations have decided to increase the financial powers of councillors and senior officials.The deputy commissioner, who could earlier sanction projects till Rs 6 lakh, can now clear projects till Rs 15 lakh and he no longer needs the approval of additional commissioner. \"To get a project sanctioned, the file movement is too long. So it was decided to strengthen the DC of the zone with more financial powers,\" said Mahender Nagpal, leader of the House, North Corporation. Even the engineer-in chief, chief engineers, superintendent engineer and executive engineers may clear projects of over than Rs 10 lakh.Surprisingly, though councillors' funds have been increased two-fold, funds for education department have been trimmed to Rs 49.69 lakh against Rs 2.05 crore last year. The councillors will now get Rs 1.05 crore annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16510067", "title": "Strumming his guitar, the Hijacker fades from Kochi's music arena", "text": "KOCHI: Life was a never-ending song for Advocate P K Ravindran. A song that was as soothing as Eagles' 'Take It Easy' and as loving as Rolling Stones' 'All About You.' And the song ended on the wee hours of Saturday, as he succumbed to complications of a stroke in a private hospital in Kochi. He was 60.The once lead guitarist of 'Hijackers', the band that set the city's music scene rolling in the late 1960's, Ravindran, or Ravi to friends and music fans, lived on music.\"All he had to talk about was music, old and new. And he kept playing the guitar, at home, or along with friends. And that is one reason why he named his house, Raganeethi in Mattancherry,\" remembers T S Radhakrishnan who was a member of the band and a close friend.Hijackers took shape in 1969 when a group of friends from Maharaja's College formed a band. Initially it was called Blue Angels, and along with Ravi, T S Krishnan, Venu Thampy and Hari made it the talking point among music lovers. The name was changed soon, and its fame spread as the band that specialised in western songs. New members joined, some left, When Jayan left, Glenn Gillbanks came in, Ravi and the first group stayed on. \"In those days we used to perform in 20-22 shows in a month. The Christmas and New Year eve programmes in Thrissur and Kochi were never complete without Hijackers' music,\" says Radhakrishnan.The band has performed in almost all cities in the country, and in Kenya once. The band was dissolved in 1984 as the members turned busy in their professional field. They performed together for a reunion in 2010, and for 'Maharajakeeyam' last year. And Ravi used to teach guitar to youngsters from across the state.Ravi is survived by his wife Hema, and daughters Keerthi and Sruthi. The cremation was held on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gangtok", "code": "16513240", "title": "Flash floods and landslides kill 21 in Sikkim", "text": "GANGTOK: At least 21 bodies, including those of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) and the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) personnel, have so far been found while eight persons are still missing due to flash flood and landslides in remote areas of North Sikkim, official sources said on Sunday.The dead include four from the ITBP, two of their family members, and 12 junior officers from the BRO. Other victims were casual labourers, officials said.Most of the casualties are reported from Rangma range. Landslides were caused by heavy rains since September 19, deputy commissioner north district T W Khangsherpa said.There were about nine landslides blocking the main road between Chungthang and Mangan in the district, he said.Army and IAF personnel have started rescue operations in full swing.Several landslides blocked the main roads between Chungthang and Pegong. Houses along Lachen river between Rangma and Chungthang were washed away in flash floods along Lachen river.The state government has declared a state of alert along the establishments on the river banks right from Lachen, Lachung, Chungthang, Mangan, Dikchu, Singtam and Rangpo, a government press release said.Earlier on Sunday, another landslide was reported from a place 1 km away from Mangan, the district headquarter town of North Sikkim.As a result of which, official reports said NH31-A has been blocked leaving the northern side of the Himalayan state cut off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509892", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's pretty-Kolkata project in peril", "text": "KOLKATA: The water crisis in the city will soon become a thing of the past as Kolkatans are all set to get additional 25-30 million gallons of water everyday from October.This extra-filtered water from Palta will be supplied to entire north, central and large parts of south Kolkata through a 64-inch new pipeline that will carry water from Palta to Tallah. This 22-km pipeline, laid under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), was commissioned a week ago and chief minister Mamata Banerjee made it operational on Saturday afternoon.The new pipeline will also supply filtered water to residents of three municipalities of Salt Lake , Dum Dum and north Dum Dum. The pipe commissioned underground will carry filtered along B T Road. According to a Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) official, though the Palta water treatment plant has the capacity to produce 240 million gallons of water, the same can not be brought to Kolkata since the century-old pipelines running along B T Road have developed several leakages.The KMC water supply department officials are banking on this new pipeline to solve water crisis in several parts of the city. The pipeline is capable of carrying around 50 million gallons of filtered water from Palta water treatment plant. However, the officials have decided to use its capacity gradually.\"We have adopted a trial-and-test method to judge the capacity of the new pipeline. Now we can supply 25-30 million gallons of water to Kolkata and its adjoining areas. We will increase the supply gradually. By next six months, we may supply 40 million gallons of water through this pipeline,\" a KMC water supply department official told TOI.However, the civic body will have to withdraw two water pipes to facilitate construction of Metro railway along B T Road. \"We need to withdraw two water pipes for construction of Metro rail. But, the new water pipe can provide additional water after compensating for the loss,\" a KMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509020", "title": "Contractor's murder plan foiled", "text": "HYDERABAD: A civil contractor was arrested on Saturday for reportedly hatching a plan to kill the vice-president of an infrastructure firm as the latter did not pay him Rs four lakh as promised for executing a project.Task Force sleuths arrested Shaik Mohammed Valiuddin, a resident of Mataki Khidiki, Dabeerpura, and a civil contractor. He was engaged by Vishwanath, vice-president of Tempus Infra Projects Pvt Ltd, Jubilee Hills, for construction of 'Power Welfare Society' building in Narsingi. Valiuddin was promised Rs four lakh.\"As he was not paid his dueby the management of Tempus Infra Projects Pvt Ltd in spite of his several requests, he bore a grudge against Viswanath and planned to kill him\", additional DCP (TF) P Rameshaiah said. While he was waiting for Vishwanth in Kavadiguda on Saturday, police nabbed himfollowing a tip-off.During interrogation, police came to know that his attempts to kill Vishwanth a few days ago failed he could not reach the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510599", "title": "Lawyer member of SP's youth wing charged with eve-teasing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A lawyer, claiming to be an office-bearer of the Samajwadi Party's youth wing, allegedly barged into the house of a girl, harassed her and issued threats of dire consequence in New Hyderabad under Mahanagar police station on Friday. The SP youth wing leader was identified as Abhishek Tripathi, resident of flat number 301, Basera Apartment. Tripathi, however, denied all allegations against him, saying it was the fallout of some grudge the New Hyderabad outpost in charge was nursing against him.As per complaint lodged with Mahanagar police by the father, Suman Kumar Khare, Tripathi had been stalking her and sending messages on her mobile phone. On Friday, Khare stated in his complaint that Tripathi barged into his house and left after passing some obscene remarks at the girl. Her father said Tripathi used to stalk his daughter whenever she stepped out of the house and had been sending her lewd messages over the last one month. The police have registered an FIR under Sections 294 for obscene act, 452 for house trespass with intention to hurt and wrongful restraint, 504 breach of peace and 506 for threatening with dire consequences. Mahanagar police on Saturday raided the house in which Tripathi lives on rent, but found it locked.Circle officer Habibul Hasan said a complaint had been lodged and the matter was being investigated by inspector Mahanagar JP Singh, adding If the complaint was found true, action would be taken against Tripathi irrespective of his connections. Talking to TOI, Tripathi denied all allegations and claimed that since he had a dispute with New Hyderabad outpost in charge Dharmendra Shukla a few months back, the latter had incited Khare to lodge a complaint to vindicate him. Tripathi admitted he had an altercation with Khare but over the issue of vehicle parking. \"The police outpost in charge wants to dent my image since he knows my affiliation to the ruling Samajwadi Party . I am in legal practice for the last one decade, why would I barge into anyone's house like this and threaten a woman,\" Tripathi argued.New Hyderabad outpost incharge Dharmendra Shukla, refuted the claims and said, \"I never had any dispute with Abhishek Tripathi and his allegations are baseless.\"On Khare's complaint of sending lewd SMS a number of times, Tripathi said Khare's daughter is in the 10th semester of LLB and had asked him once to help her in details for moot court, which is part of law studies. \"At that time she called me up and since I was in the court, I informed about moot court details through SMS. I have not sent her any other SMS,\" said Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509664", "title": "App fest enters Guinness records", "text": "BANGALORE: Developers at Microsoft's AppFest here entered the Guinness Book of World Records by setting a record for the most participants in a software development marathon at one location -- 2,567 developers coding non-stop for 18 hours. Developers came from all over India to build, design and test apps for Microsoft's Windows 8.Paul O'Neill, VP, Guinness World Records Commercial, announced the entry into the Guinness World Records. A certificate validating the record was presented to Jon DeVaan, corporate VP for Windows development at Microsoft and Bhaskar Pramanik, chairman, Microsoft Corporation India. O'Neill said the \"spectacle of thousands of developers toiling through the night has demonstrated great commitment to their work.\" The category is a new one and hence there's no previous record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509805", "title": "Gang on the prowl triggers panic in neighbourhoods", "text": "KOLKATA: South Kolkata residents are living in fear after the shootings over the last two days. The almost casual way in which the snatchers pull out guns and open fire for little or no reason is what's most scary.Morning walkers are terrified because the gang seems to prefer the early hours. In Dhakuria's Babu Bagan Lane, you could easily sense the fear among residents. A lot of shops were closed after the incident. \"I am very worried because my children go to school every morning along this road. It is shocking that anyone could be so desperate or callous as to open fire in a crowded place like this,\" said Swaroj Chowwdhury, a Babu Bagan resident.Parijat Ghosh, whose family has been living in Dhakuria for five generations, said: \"We have never heard of such an incident. It is really scary. I have already asked the women in my family not to wear gold jewellery outside the home. We cannot take a chance with such trigger-happy desperados.\"Amrita Sarkar, another homemaker, said she is afraid of going out to the bazaar now. The fear is no more confined to Babubagan or Jadavpur, where a shooting took place on Friday. It has spread across all south Kolkata neighbourhoods. Debjani Ghosh, a resident of Southern Avenue, expressed alarm at the brazen use of firearms. \"Last year, a bike gang tried to snatch a chain from my relative on Southern Avenue but failed,\" Ghosh added.Anita Sinha, who takes a walk at Rabindra Sarovar every morning, has stopped wearing jewellery. \"I took off the bangles and chain I wear regularly as soon as I heard of the shooting. This kind of indiscriminate firing is quite terrifying. It has become risky to go out in the morning or late evening. I used to feel very safe in my city. Not any longer.\"Subhro Ghosh Dastidar, an owner of a decorating company, who has been a resident of Dhakuria for 50 years, said he and his neighbours were terrified. \"Who knows who will get shot the next time,\" he said.The police, however, call these stray incidents and have urged residents not to give in to fear. \"It will only embolden the goons if people shut themselves indoors. We are increasing patrolling by plainclothes personnel in all the added areas. We have collected information on bike gangs and are hopeful of an early breakthrough. We are taking tough measures against this,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511888", "title": "Shocking ends", "text": "Thousands of linemen in every state of India are getting electrocuted due to lack of protective equipment, proper training and loose safety measuresForty-two-year-old Shaju walks on an artificial limb and often wakes up at night, sweating. A lineman with the Kerala State Electricity Board, Shaju lost his leg last year when he was hit by 11 kv of raw electric current while repairing a fault. He still thinks he was lucky. Two others with him that day died on the spot, electrocuted by the massive surge of electricity. In Lucknow, hundreds of kilometres away, Babloo has a similar story. The 28-year-old , an ad-hoc electrician for the Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration, can barely lift his left hand which is disfigured after he suffered serious burns while repairing an underground cable.Both Babloo and Shaju lived to tell their tale. Thousands of their colleagues haven't . In virtually every state across the country, deaths of linemen occur with shocking regularity putting a huge question mark over safety procedures for these foot soldiers who quite literally put their life on the line to ensure a seamless power supply to our homes and offices.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal admits this is a serious issue but quickly shirks off any responsibility saying it's the job of state electricity boards to ensure safety . \"We have given instructions to states to follow strict safety guidelines. When bodies like the National Thermal Power Corporation and National Hydro Power Corporation can function without major casualties, why can't they?\" State electricity departments, on their part, put the onus on private contractors who carry out maintenance and installation work for them saying that it is their workers who make up the maximum casualties. Although the role of these ad-hoc workers is supposed to be purely supportive \u2014 assisting the regular linemen in their work \u2014the ground reality is usually different. \"Our workers, who are semi-literate young boys, are often asked by the regular linemen to climb electricity poles or fix high voltage underground cables without adequate training or protective gear. So it's not surprising that many of them get serious injuries or even die,\" says a contractor who has worked with the UP Power Corporation.Linemen, though, claim that lack of adequate safety equipment is the major issue. Bholanath Das, 52, a lineman with the Assam State Electricity Board (ASEB), says that nothing much has changed in the two decades that he has been in the profession. \"We still use the same tools that were used when I joined. Our job is no less dangerous than firefighters who at least get some safety equipment,\" he says. States like Assam are acutely short of safety gear. A spokesperson for ASEB admits they didn't even have enough tools like hand gloves, torches or rain coats for their linemen. But in many states where such gear is allegedly made available, officials say workers themselves don't wear them regularly. \"Most labourers work without gum boots or gloves and climb electric poles without wearing the mandatory safety belts despite our issuing strict guidelines, '' says a senior official of the Jaipur discom.In this blame game, lives are continuously being put to risk. The casualties are usually the highest during monsoons or the onset of high winter when foggy conditions raise chances of electrocution. But even otherwise, the situation is grim. In Rajasthan, for example, an accident is reported every third day; a serious one every week and a fatality almost every fortnight. The Central Electricity Authority in an acknowledgment of the urgent need to act on the issue had made recruitment of safety officers mandatory. But quite a few state discoms are yet to fill up these positions. Also, in many states, cases going unreported is not unusual. \"Although deaths of linemen and workers by electrocution are quite common in Bihar, often they are not reported due to lack of communication,\" says B L Yadav, secretary-general of the Eastern India Power Engineers Federation.So what is the solution? Officials of the West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd, which doesn't have too great a record in safety either, nevertheless claim that they are raising awareness and have set a target of reducing fatalities by 30% in 2013-14 . \"We have been trying to address the issue through awareness campaigns . But, the work culture needs a radical change for the situation to improve,\" says an official of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16510228", "title": "Overflowing rivers wash away Indo-Nepal borderlines", "text": "BAHRAICH: Changing moods of rivers have often caused border dispute between India and Nepal. Every year, several border pillars are either washed away by the flood or get damaged and the two countries have to start all over again the exercise of demarcation which only furthers the dispute.Ghagra and Saryu rivers at Bahraich, Rapti at Shravasti and Sharda at Lakhimpur-Kheri enter the Indian territory from Nepal. The rivers spread to several kilometers on the Nepal border, several pillars of which stand in the middle of their course.The rivers have run into several other points in the past decade and their course has changed. The pillars which used to be on the other side of the border are now placed across the river.There are many such border pillars which stand in the course of the river and it is a tough job to identify them, thus creating difficulty, making Maoist organisations of Nepal point a finger at India.Although when the joint survey team of India and Nepal demarcated the border, it proved baseless. The Maoists organisation still allege India has taken illegal possession of many parts of Nepali land. It is not true but the changing course of the rivers makes it seem to be true.The situation also makes the job of the intelligence department and Sahastra Seema Bal (SSB) difficult.The problem is not confined to Bahraich, Shravasti and Lakhimpur, but extends to other areas too where the rivers enter the Indian territory from Nepal confusing the border officers. District majistrate Bahraich Kinjal Singh says a joint survey team of India and Nepal identifies such border pillars every three years for demarcation.Besides, whenever the issue arises in the meeting of the border officials every three months, it is discussed and a solution is worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511623", "title": "The scientist who wasn't a spy", "text": "Nambi Narayanan has lived an extraordinary life. Branded a spy in 1994, the Isro scientist has fought hard for his honour. The recent Kerala HC order for monetary compensation to him has brought a little more cheer to the man who says he's now ready to bring his tormentors to justice and expose the conspiracy against India's ambitious cryogenic projectThey began their scientific careers as the two bright stars of India's space research programme . Later, of course, APJ Abdul Kalam's and S Nambi Narayanan's lives would go on separate trajectories and their stories would read very differently. Kalam, who was working on the solid propulsion system in the Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro), went on to become a much-loved President of India. S Nambi Narayanan, who was working on the liquid propulsion system \u2014 the technology was successfully used in many satellite missions \u2014 during the same period, was branded a spy and traitor, his brilliant scientific career dented forever even as he fought against an unjust system to prove his innocence. Narayanan, along with six others, including his Isro colleague D Sasikumar, was arrested on November 30, 1994 on charges of espionage and for selling defence secrets to two Maldivian women, Mariam Rasheeda and Fauzia Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509911", "title": "Diesel price hike costs Metropolitan Transport Corporation Rs 4.2 crore a month", "text": "CHENNAI: Ever since the diesel price was hiked, the Metropolitan Transport Corporation has been spending an additional 14 lakh everyday. The extra expense will translate into about 4.20 crore a month.The corporation was just recovering from a 10-year loss after chief minister J Jayalalithaa increased the fares across the seven transport corporations by almost 50% when the fuel shocker came.MTC now has 3,600 buses of which 3,111 are on service. With each bus traveling around 316km per day, MTC covers close to 10 lakh km, consuming around 232 kilolitres of diesel every day.\"The revision was meant to give a 50% increase in revenue. Though we got only 30% because of a sudden drop in patronage, we were still managing,\" said a senior MTC official. \"The increase in diesel prices by 5 a litre will leave us with a 4.20 crore loss every month,\" he said.Senior MTC officials are now looking to the government for help. \"It is not a problem confined to MTC alone. All the corporations are facing a similar problem. A high-level committee led by the transport secretary will make a decision on how to mitigate the losses,\" said an official.Officials also clarified that there would not be any increase in fares. Before November last year, the fares were last revised in 2001. Trying to increase bus fares in Tamil Nadu is difficult.In contrast, the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC), with a fixed formula, increases fares every time there is a hike in diesel prices or raise in dearness allowance for its employees. \"We send a proposal about the hike to the state government and we usually get a GO (government order) in our favour,\" said BMTC chief accounts officer B Chinnaswamy. In the last 10 years, BMTC made profits of more than 633crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509812", "title": "After dengue, pneumonia cases on the rise in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue and malaria have been haunting the city for the past two months. Now, a large number of people is falling victim to pneumonia. Though earlier the elderly population had the risk of getting this disease, now even those in their 50s are being stalked by pneumonia. While some doctors feel the dengue outbreak may have led to a spurt in pneumonia cases, some refuse to draw conclusions without proper facts.\"Though there is no direct link between dengue and pneumonia, when a person suffers from dengue, the patient's immunity level could go low, hence increasing the chances of getting pneumonia,\" said Dr Raja Dhar, pulmonologist.According to doctors, chances of people getting pneumonia after the age of 50 are 30% while after 65, the chances are 50%. The mortality rate in people who get pneumonia in the age group of 50 and above is about 10%. This rate could rise to 70% in those aged 65 and aged.Co-morbidity conditions like heart ailment, kidney and lung problems are often found in the elderly especially because of change in the longevity pattern. These factors along with the change in weather conditions during monsoon make people more prone to pneumonia. However, this time, a different trend has been noticed.More people are getting affected by the disease in months barring July and August - during which monsoon is at its peak.Some medical experts are, however, not ready to consider this an outbreak. \"It is possible that individual doctors are getting an increasing number of pneumonia patients. This could be a general perception. But unless there is a proper registry on pneumonia, it will be improper to conclude that there is a spurt in the number of pneumonia cases,\" said critical care expert Dr Arindam Kar.Unlike dengue and malaria, pneumonia can be cured with the help of vaccines to a large extent. Taking a single shot of pneumonia vaccine every five years could prevent the disease by 70%.\"There is this notion that vaccines are meant only for children whereas it is an effective tool to prevent pneumonia. A single dose of a vaccination during one's life can avoid a long hospital stay, help prolong healthy life and is also economically beneficial for the individual.\" added Dhar.But low awareness levels among people tend to pose a problem. The percentage of those who get vaccinated against pneumonia in India is as low as about 8% to 10%. In Kolkata, the figure is even lower at about 2%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16510248", "title": "'Garage school' takes govt officials to court", "text": "BELGAUM: With the authorities not providing a building to the Marathi Government Primary School No. 37 in Nanawadi area here, the School Development and Monitoring Committee (SDMC) has approached the high court for justice. The school, established before independence, is running out of a small auto garage for the past one year.In the petition, Fatima Faruque Mulla, president, SDMC has listed senior officials of the education department like chief secretary, commissioner in Dharwad, deputy director of public instruction and Block Education Officer of Belgaum city as opponents, besides the deputy commissioner, zilla panchayat CEO and assistant commissioner and the Karnataka State Child Rights Protection Commission.The school was established in 1942 and since then had been running in a leased private building. With the completion of the lease period, the owner took possession of the building last April. As a temporary arrangement for two months, officials of education department requested the owner of small garage nearby and housed the school there.Makarand Wali, who provided the garage on humanitarian grounds, vacated the school from garage in June, when government officials didn't revert to him even after a year.Madhavrao Chouhan, advocate for SDMC, said: \"We have demanded the court instruct KSCRPC to conduct a probe on how the school was shifted into the small auto garage, and order affiliate authorities to provide necessary infrastructure to the school immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16510480", "title": "World Car Free Day observed", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura government announced a car holiday to observe World Car Free Day on Saturday. Tripura environment minister Joy Gobinda Debroy set an example by using a bicycle while home secretary Y Kumar walked down to office instead of travelling by car. The Agartala Cycle Club (ACC) organized a rally of non-motorized vehicles, demanding safety for pedestrians and promotion of non-motorised vehicles. Debroy took part in the rally along with other car and bike owners. In response to the demand of ACC, many ministers issued request letters to the chief of respective departments to reduce the use of vehicles at least for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16510982", "title": "Chain snatching continues unabated", "text": "INDORE: The 'fear-free' environment drive launched by city cops to deter miscreants, seems to be working the other way round. Goons in the city continue to have a field day as two more cases of chain snatching were reported in the city in past 24 hours. In the past four days, the number of such incidents has increased to seven.Mausam Vishwakarma, 30, is resident of Bajrang Nagar. On Friday at around 8 pm, she was out with her husband Santosh Vishwakarma and two children. While the family was crossing Gita Bhawan, two bike-borne youths came from behind, snatched her gold chain and vanished before the family could raise an alarm. The bike of the miscreants had no number plate. Local people chased the miscreants but in vain. The family has lodged a complaint with Sanyogitaganj police.The second incident took place at Chandan Nagar. Pooja Jain, 32, wife of Manoj Jain, was in the market when two bike-borne youths came from behind and snatched her gold chain. Their bike too did not have any registration number plate. A case has been registered under relevant sections of IPC.Three similar incidents had taken place on Tuesday. First incident occurred in Vijay Nagar when one Margret, 45, wife of Alfred John was targeted. One Sarita Singh, 44, wife of Kishore Singh was targeted in Nehru Nagar when two bike-borne youths escaped with her gold chain. Similarly, one Rinki Singh, 27, wife of Kamlesh Singh was targeted by stranger in Gauri Nagar area.Two similar incidents took place in the city earlier this week. Sadhna, 53, a resident of Bank Colony and Vinita Sharma, 23, wife of Lokesh Sharma were the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509852", "title": "Bumper yield expected", "text": "The paddy farmers of Gadchiroli, Gondia and Bhandara are a happy lot as this year's rainfall is expected to give a bumper yield. Only those farmers whose farms were on the banks of rivers have suffered losses as their crops were either damaged or washed away due to floods.The damage to crop in Gadchiroli district is maximum because it has large number of rivers. Atul Ganyarewar, chairman of Gadchiroli zilla parishad agriculture committee, said that excess rainfall this year had caused some damage to cotton and soyabean crops. \"However, 82% of cultivated area in our district is under paddy crop, which is not damaged unless it remains submerged for 36 hours or more. This has happened only in areas that were hit by floods. Our district has received 100mm excess rainfall so far but this has not caused much damage,\" he said.Ganyarewar further said that other than heavy rainfall, water released into rivers from Itiadoh and Sanjay Sarovar dams had caused floods in the district.The cotton crop in Chamorshi, Aheri, Etapalli, Sironcha, Bhamragarh and Mulchera talukas would give less than average yield. The soyabean yield too would be lower than average, he said.Gadchiroli district administration has started preparations for the rabi crop. \"Last year the area under rabi crop was 31,800 hectare but this year our target is 34,900 hectare. Jowar, wheat, maize, lakhodi dal, gram and some millets will be sowed,\" he said.Manoj Bisen of Deulgaon (taluka Armori) is one of the unfortunate farmers of Gadchiroli district, whose crop was destroyed. \"In the first week of September, Khobragadi river got flooded and my paddy field was submerged for three days. My entire crop has turned yellow. The neighbouring field has some soyabean. It has been attacked by pests.\"Kawdu Sahare, deputy sarpanch of Deulgaon, said that the patwari did not do a proper survey and showed the damage on a lower side. \"Many houses were damaged due to heavy rainfalls but government is giving a pittance for repairing them,\" he said.The entire paddy and soyabean crop of Satish Tekam of Dongargaon (taluka Armori) has also been damaged due to flooding of Khobragadi river. \"I am hoping for a good rabi crop to partly offset the damage to kharif crop.\"Bhandara and Gondia districts have not suffered much damage. According to figures of Bhandara district agriculture office, only around 2,600 hectare out of 1.75 lakh hectare cultivated area have been damaged. Paoni taluka is the only one where some crop damage has taken place. Crop damage in other talukas is next to negligible.Sources in Gondia district administration said that the district had suffered minimal crop damage until last week. \"However, it has been raining heavily since last three days. At this time of the year paddy crop does not need water. These rains will lead to reduction in paddy output. If the rains continue then the damage will be more,\" a junior official said.Meanwhile, some farmers have complained of urea shortage in the district. Wasudeo Tekam of Bilhera village (taluka Arjuni-Morgaon) said that Krishi Kendras had created an artificial shortage of the fertilizer. \"We need urea to minimize the damage due to heavy rainfall this week but a bag of urea is being sold for Rs 1,000 instead of official price of Rs 600,\" he alleged.Crop damage in Gadchiroli district is mostly due to floods in Wainganga, Pranhita, Pamulgautam, Khobragadi, Gadwi, Wailochana and Sati riversMaximum damage in Gadchiroli is to soyabean and cotton crop while Paddy is in good conditionBhandara district has suffered negligible crop damagePaddy crop has been affected in Gondia district due to heavy rainfall in last three daysSome farmers have alleged that there is shortage of urea in Gondia districtDistrict administrations of Gadchiroli, Gondia and Bhandara say that there would a bumper rabi crop because of ample water", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509590", "title": "Golden Chariot's September run derailed", "text": "BANGALORE: The state tourism department's plan to have the Golden Chariot chugging ahead of the festive season appears to have gone off track. The department had introduced a September run to promote the luxury train and rake in some much-needed revenue. But there has not been a single booking for trips on September 17 and 24.This is the second time this year that the department's move to promote the train has failed. In April, while one train elicited lukewarm response, the other had to be cancelled due to extreme heat conditions. The Golden Chariot connects important tourist spots in Karnataka in its weeklong journey .In a bid to tide over the crisis, the tourism department introduced a 15% discount on the train fare for its Dasara run. \"The bookings for the train in October are good. We are hopeful of reaping in profits this year,\" said C D Dyavaiah, managing director of Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC). On the April and September fiascos, he blamed it on lack of awareness about the train schedules. \"This is the first time we tried to have runs in these two months. We have offered a discount this time as we got some benefits from the Indian railways,\" said Dyavaiah.Promotion problem?Over the past four years, the Golden Chariot has seen a dip in passengers. So where has KSTDC gone wrong? Is it lacklustre marketing that did it in? Even the discount move, feel some officials in the tourism department, should have been announced much in advance.\"There is nothing wrong in the way the Golden Chariot's route is designed. It is just that there is lack of awareness,\" said Dyavaiah. Reason why different teams led by senior officials are now busy promoting the luxury train - Karnataka's answer to Rajasthan's popular Palace-on-Wheels -across India and abroad. Recently, a road show was held in Kolkata and next on the list is Chandigarh and Amritsar. \"People from north India are unaware of this luxury train. Therefore we are conducting such road shows to popularize our state's pride,\" he said.Apart from their own efforts to popularize the train, KSTDC has also tied up with UK-based Great Rail Journeys (GRJ) to promote Golden Chariot. An agreement with GRJ would ensure 300 foreign tourists for it in the initial years.Costly runCommissioned in 2008, Golden Chariot got off to a royal start when it raked in revenues with 31 trips. The subsequent years saw the trip count slide to 26 in 2009-10 and 19 in 2010-11.Every trip needs to generate Rs 60 lakh for it to be financially viable, but since 2008, the 18-coach train has been able to rake in Rs 40 lakh on an average. The occupancy rate of this train is 80 but that number is hardly met. When not chugging away, the Golden Chariot remains parked at Yeshwantpur Yard.High haulageA big deterrent in making profits is the haulage charges that need to be paid by luxury trains to Indian Railways, said KSTDC officials. However, this year on there has been a significant reduction of 40% in the charges. From Rs 35 lakh per trip earlier, the amount has now come down to Rs 27 lakh per trip.Times ViewFour years since its launch, Golden Chariot has seen a dip in passengers and profits. The state tourism department's move to promote the luxury train with trips in April and September also fell flat due to lack of promotion. It is only now that the KSTDC has woken up to a marketing campaign. This reflects typical bureaucratic somnolence. With the train's upkeep exceeding the revenue, the department ought to have taken measures much in advance to put Golden Chariot back on track, but has almost turned its golden goose into a white elephant.SUCH A WRONG JOURNEYKSTDC announces new run for Golden Chariot in April. But one train cancelled due to extreme heat, second one elicits little responseDept again schedules trip in September but no takers due to lack of promotionKSTDC wakes up, conducts road shows in India and abroad; offers 15% discount for Dasara runSince 2008, trips have come down. From 31 trips in 2008 it has slipped to 19 in 2010-11Train must generate Rs 60 lakh to be financially viable but is raking in only Rs 40 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514093", "title": "'Barfi' team may take Aamir's advice to go ahead", "text": "Actor Ranbir Kapoor and 'Barfi!' director Anurag Basu are happy that the film is India's official entry for the Oscars 2013, but said they have a long way to go to actually gain a nomination.The film beat 19 other films to be named India's entry in the 'Best Foreign Language Film' category at the Oscars in February next year.\"We all are very happy... It is a team effort but we should not be that excited as the film has just got an entry from India, we are yet to be selected for the main entry,\" said Ranbir, who has played the role of a deaf and mute boy in the film.After all the congratulatory messages poured in, director Anurag tweeted, \"Thank you much!!! Lekin abhi delhi door hai (We have a long way to go)!! Pray for us!!\"Only three films - Mehboob Khan's ' Mother India', Mira Nair's 'Salam Bombay! ' and Aamir Khan's 'Lagaan' - from India have managed to get to the final round of Oscar nominations so far.Ranbir, 29, said that they would seek advice from Aamir in case they make it to the final round.\"If the film gets a go ahead, we would take advice from Aamir (Khan) about how to go ahead,\" Ranbir said.The film also stars Priyanka Chopra - playing an autistic girl - and marked the Bollywood debut of southern actress Ileana D'Cruz.Priyanka, who is currently out of the country, called the film a \"labour of love\", saying, \"Yay! Congratulations team Barfi! This is such amazing news. This film was a labour of love for all of us and to see it receive such amazing success is so gratifying.\"This has been the toughest character of my life and to see everyone loving Jhilmil is such a dream come true. I am thrilled to be a part of such a wonderful team who made this happen,\" Priyanka said in an sms message from Los Angeles .The 85th Academy Awards will take place on February 24, 2013. The nominations will be announced on January 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510230", "title": "Retail bandh fuels loss of 5,000 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: Most of the business areas of Lucknow wore a deserted look on Thursday, as traders downed the shutters, while workers of Samajwadi Party and Bharatiya Janata Party disrupted rail and road traffic in various parts of Uttar Pradesh as part of the nationwide Bandh, in protest against foreign direct investment in retail sector, reduction in subsidised LPG cylinders and hike in prices of diesel. The protest is estimated to have resulted in a loss of more than Rs 5,000 crore to the state, as the ruling SP government threw its weight behind the agitating traders.In Lucknow, hundreds of traders, under the aegis of Adarsh Vyapar Mandal, carried out a protest march from Lalbagh. The agitating traders also tried to march all the way to UP Congress Committee office in Mall Avenue. However, some of them were arrested by police and brought to Police Lines. According to president of Adarsh Vyapar Mandal, Sanjay Gupta, the traders were only holding a peace march to express their protest against the Centre's anti-people decisions.At the same time, a group of SP workers sat on an agitation outside a multi-national retail chain in Sultanpur Road. The SP workers did not spare even the city malls. A group of agitators belonging to the Lohia Vahini thronged a mall in Shahnajaf Road and forced its closure. The workers also tried to barge into the DRM and income tax office in Hazratganj and locked it. Some of the prominent schools had to close down fearing law and order problem.SP MLA from Lucknow (Central), Ravidas Mehrotra, while addressing a gathering outside Vidhan Bhawan said that the Centre's decision to allow FDI in retail sector will kill the prospects for hundreds of thousands of retailers, who earn their daily bread from their small time shops.The protest by the BJP was led by its senior leader Rajnath Singh in Lucknow and Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi in Kanpur. Later speaking to reporters, Singh said that the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance government had hatched a big conspiracy by tying up with multi-national companies in 82 countries across the world for setting up multi-brand retail chains in the country.The protest grew louder in districts like Kanpur, where the agitators not only forcefully closed down the shops, but also allegedly misbehaved with women.Police had to resort to mild lathi-charge after some of the protesters, reportedly of SP started creating ruckus on the road. Some of the Samajwadi Party workers stopped Jharkhand Express and climbed on its engine. The stoppage affected movement of half a dozen other trains passing through Kanpur. The protesters assembled in large numbers along the railway tracks and also burnt the effigies of Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16509427", "title": "Now garbage tax on marriage palaces", "text": "PATIALA: After protesting against charges for change of land use, hiked luxury tax and entertainment tax, marriage palace owners are again preparing to hit the streets in protest. This time it is a tax imposed on dumping garbage on municipal sites which is raising a stink.Punjab Pollution Control Board has directed all marriage palace owners to procure no objection certificates (NOC) from Patiala municipal corporation about proper garbage disposal on corporation's dumping site. Following this, the MC promptly fixed Rs 7,000 per month charges for marriage palaces in the city for using a piece of government land which the MC uses to dump its waste in absence of a garbage treatment plant.Those in the city's vicinity have been asked to shell out Rs 12,000 per month to throw waste at MC's open dump on Sanaur road of the city. There are about 130 marriage palaces in Patiala district, out of which 13 are located in the city while 20 are in the surrounding areas.The marriage palace owners are up in arms against MC's directive to pay up. \"The MC is not even giving us basic facility of scientific garbage disposal. There is no waste collection, no proper way of disposal and not even enough space has been allocated for dumping garbage. Despite this gross deficiency in service, the fund-starved government wants us to pay up for using MC space for dumping our garbage,\" said Gurjit Guri, Patiala district president of Marriage Palace Owners' Association.Assistant commissioner of Patiala municipal corporation, Nazar Singh, said the MC had not made it mandatory for all marriage palaces to pay up. \"It's optional. We would charge from only those who use our dump\" he said. Peeved against the directions, especially since there are no other options available, the association has summoned an emergency meeting.\"It's totally illegal. Corporation authorities say we will also have to arrange for transportation of waste and they will charge such a hefty amount for just allowing us to use their open illegal dump. The MC does not have any waste treatment plant and they also throw it in the open, which is equally illegal,\" Guri said.Corporation authorities have been throwing all waste in an open plot on the Sanaur road. But some months back, it sold 7 acres of the said land to Patiala Improvement Trust to pay loans which it had taken for development of city. Now it is left with only 5 acres to dump the city's waste. Since no norms have been followed by authorities while disposing off waste in the open, the entire area stinks badly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511015", "title": "Jilted lover stabs classmate to death, commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 21-year-old youth, jilted by love, killed himself on Saturday evening after stabbing his classmate to death and burning her body using kerosene. The victim's 48-year-old mother, Latha Menon, is now battling for life at a private hospital after sustaining more than nine stab injuries when she tried to protect her daughter. The incident occurred at Thoppil Nagar, a residential area in Vadavally on the Coimbatore-Maruthamalai Road.The deceased girl was identified as Sruthi Menon (20), a first year student of Master of International Business at GRD College of Arts and Science. The burnt body of her classmate Azeem Ajmal, a native of Kalapatti in the city, was also found inside the drawing room of Sruthi's palatial house in Thoppil Nagar. Hailing from Palakkad in Kerala, Sruthi is the daughter of Rajiv Menon, a real-estate promoter.According to Vadavalli police, Azeem may have got to Sruthi's home at around 4.15 pm, carrying a knife. He introduced himself to Latha as Sruthi's classmate and was permitted to meet the latter in the drawing room. An argument erupted during which Azeem stabbed Sruthi repeatedly. On hearing her daughter's screams, Latha rushed to her and tried to protect her from being attacked. However, Azeem stabbed Latha several times also. While Latha collapsed immediately, he took Sruthi's body to a sofa in the house. He then doused himself and her with kerosene and set them both ablaze.The burnt bodies of both were found together, as if one was hugging the other. A match box was found in Sruthi's hand but police feel she had grabbed it from Azeem when he tried to set them on fire. The latter's mobile phone was also completely burnt.Police are unclear if Azeem bought the kerosene with him or if he used what he found in the house. They suspect he attacked Sruthi after she turned down his marriage proposal. Both Sruthi and Azeem were BBM students at PSG College earlier.Sruthi's grandfather B B Menon, in his late eighties, was at home when the incident occurred. Unable to walk properly, Menon had heard the screams as well. At around 5.15 pm, he called Latha for evening coffee but there was no response. With great difficulty he walked to the drawing room and found Sruthi in a coma. Latha has been admitted in the ICU of a private hospital in Vadavalli and she is still in coma. Her condition is critical. Bodies of Sruthi and Azeem were taken later to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital for autopsy.A heavy posse of police led by Vadavally inspector V Bhaskar and Perur DSP Shanmugham has collected evidences from the spot. Classmates of Sruthi and friends of Azeem have also been contacted to get an understanding about the nature of their relationship. Sruthi has one elder sister who is a dentist in Chidambaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16510793", "title": "False poll promise", "text": "The Rs 150 crore plan to refurbish infrastructure in Ahmedabad's housing societies was a smart tactical move by the state government ahead of the assembly elections, but no delivery mechanism was put in place. Despite the good intentions, the scheme now looks like a false poll promise. Shockingly, not a single housing society in the poorer parts of the city has been touched by the scheme. The authorities should keep their word when the people have already contributed more to this public-private partnership scheme than the government.Related Story  :  Government's paltry farm of promises", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16512853", "title": "Password protection: How to create secure passwords", "text": "Call it the perils of a healthy virtual life, but if you are someone who spends an hour or two everyday on the internet, it is quite likely that you use more than a few online services from social networking and email to cloud storage and net banking that require you to log in with a password. Most people employ a single passcode for all their accounts, but that could spell disaster. If even one of your accounts is hacked, all your other online properties stand to be at risk. It is therefore recommended that you use a strong, unique password for each service.For a good password Make sure it is at least seven to eight characters long. The longer the better. Avoid names, birth dates and anniversaries of loved ones, pets, phone numbers, favourite film stars and rock stars. Avoid words that you can find in the dictionary.Include upper and lower case alphabets, numerals, as well as special characters (!@ #$% ^&amp;*). Combine two completely different words to create your password. For example, you could combine the chemical oxygen with say the name of toothpaste Closeup.Better still; separate the two with a number. So youll get oxygen24Closeup. To make your password tougher to guess, replace the o with 0. So your password then becomes 0xygen24Cl0seup. And since you have to create a different password for each of your online properties, if its Gmail , add a G to your password. Or if its for Hotmail, you can make it H0xygen24Cl0seup.If youre still drawing a blank, you might want to consider free password-making services such as passwordsgenerator. net or www. strongpasswordgenerator. org. Using these tips and tricks, create unique codes for all your web properties.However, all this effort will amount to absolutely nothing if you click Yes when your browser asks if it should remember your login details and passwords. For instance, if you save your net banking account details on your laptop, your eightyear-old son could inadvertently log in. Worse still, what happens if your laptop is misplaced or stolenSo how do you remember all your different passwordsSimple. Use a dedicated password manager programs that save all your passwords in an encrypted form so that no one, except you, can access them. Of course, youll need to remember one master password to access all those others.LastPass:LastPass is a tool that works with all major web browsers and is accessible through a browser widget. Add all your accounts details and encrypt them with a master LastPass password. After that, regardless of which service you access, LastPass will log in for you with a single click. A premium upgrade includes native mobile apps for iPhone , BlackBerry , Windows Mobile, Android , WebOS (Palm) and Symbian, along with additional options and priority support. Get it from: lastpass. comKeePass:This open source software is similar to LastPass, but not as simple to use. However, it has one big advantage. KeePass has a portable version, which means you can carry your password data in a USB drive and use it on any computer. Get it from: keepass. info/download. htmlPassPack:This application is a web-only password manager. This means all your passwords are saved in an encrypted form on its servers. The advantage of using Pass-Pack is that it frees a user from a specific machine and all passwords can be used on any computer that is connected to the web. Get it from: www. passpack. com/en/products", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510744", "title": "Five nabbed with six firearms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City crime branch arrested five persons with six firearms from Vejalpur. One of the five accused is involved in a number of cheating and extortion cases in the state.The arrests were effected after a team of officials led by crime branch inspector R D Jadeja received a tip-off about the accused possessing firearms. Working on the information, the team kept a watch at Vejalpur crossroads and nabbed Rasik Patel alias Vishal, a native of Bhavnagar and currently resident of Vadodara. His body search fetched two firearms, gold and silver ornaments, fake election cards, driving license, PAN cards and membership card of BJP.\"Patel has been caught earlier for cheating fellow passengers in GSRTC and private luxury buses by offering them soft drinks or tea laced with sedatives. He was then named in abduction and subsequent death of 12-year-old son of a doctor in Surat, robbery and jumping parole cases,\" said a crime branch official. Other arrested include Gambhirsinh Jadeja, a resident of Dhrangadhra, Dinesh Rawal and Vinod Rawal, both residents of Bhavnagar, and Ishwar Thakor, a resident of Kalol. The men were found with four firearms and seven cartridges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513096", "title": "Most recognisable photo actually a publicity stunt?", "text": "The photograph (above) of construction workers casually eating their lunch on a skyscraper beam suspended high about Manhattan can lay claim to being one of the 20th century's most recognisable images.Yet, in the run up to its 80th anniversary this week it has emerged that, far from catching the subjects unaware, the image was set up as a publicity shot for the Rockefeller Centre.The identity of the photographer of Lunch Atop a Skyscraper is unknown. He or she was among a pack of snappers sent by news agencies to cover the event at the RCA Building.Ken Johnston, chief historian and archivist for Corbis Images, which owns the rights to the photo, said: \"The image was a publicity effort by the Rockefeller Centre. It seems pretty clear they were real workers, but the event was organised with a number of photographers.\" The photograph was taken on 20 September 1932, during the construction of the RCA site \u2014 later renamed the GE Building \u2014 which forms part of the Rockefeller Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16510338", "title": "Internet sex racket: Foreign women rescued", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two foreign women allegedly involved in prostitution activities were rescued by the Calangute police on Friday evening at a hotel resort in Candolim.Their rescue was made following a close watch by Calangute police on internet websites offering sexual services by foreign women.The Calangute police had held a number of women and their pimps who were offering sexual gratification over the internet. Prospective customers, who emailed their phone numbers, were then contacted over the phone and the deal was struck.On Friday, following receipt of information that two such women had been contacted, the Calangute police managed to lure the two commercial sex workers by setting up two decoy customers. One of the women is from Ukraine and is aged 40, while the other is from Russia and is aged 37, Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo told STOI.The two women contacted the decoy customers over the phone and agreed to meet them at a resort in Candolim.Raposo, along with a team of policemen and women, besides representatives of an NGO and panch witnesses, then maintained a watch on the resort.When the women arrived there in a car at around 4.30pm and met with the decoy customers, the police team sprang into action and caught the two red-handed soliciting customers. They were taken into custody and after questioning, sent to the protective home 'Apna Ghar' in Merces.The car they arrived in, was attached by Calangute police and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509207", "title": "Aam aadmi will give befitting reply to Congress: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attacking Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his remark on Friday that 'money does not grow on trees,' senior BJP leader Yashwant Sinha on Saturday said it was an insult to people who have to eke out a living under high inflation and that they will give a befitting reply at an appropriate time.Taking a dig at PM, Sinha said, \"Dr Manmohan Singh has made a grand discovery that money does not grow on trees. Coming from a man under whose leadership rampant corruption has taken place; this marks an insult to people\".Sinha peppered his riposte with references to scams, saying that while money may not grow trees, but the government failed to save the wealth that lies underneath in the form of minerals such as coal, uranium and other raw materials from being looted. The BJP leader also said that the recent burst of reforms measures were meant to distract attention from scams and were unlikely to bear fruit.He said the decision to let FDI in multi-brand retail as a hoax as it is unlikely to take off in the near future. The former finance minister alleged that the PM had tried a similar trick in 2009 for the nuclear deal by saying that the nuclear power would light up every home in this country. \"Today, the situation is such even the coal-powered plants are unable to produce electricity because of the coal has been looted and is unavailable,\" he said.Sinha also faulted Prime Minister's argument that tough measures were necessary to tackle a severe economic crisis, saying that it ran contrary to UPA's claim in 2008 of having beaten back an economic crisis. \"When there was economic crisis in the country in 2008, the government then said that we did an exceptionally good work that the growth rate was more than 8% for two years repeatedly, and that the whole credit goes to India for we tackled the economic crisis strongly. If you tackled the economic crisis strongly at that point of time, then why are you crying now?\" asked Sinha.\"For the first time, anybody in this government has said that the present situation is similar to 1991. We were earlier saying that there is economic crisis in India, but the government was repeatedly ignoring it. Even now, Dr. Manmohan Singh is not speaking the truth,\" said Sinha. \"He should bow down before the people of this country and say that we have ruined the Indian economic in the last eight and a half years of our (UPA) rule,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510688", "title": "Rs 95 lakh of fakes in circulation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a large seizure of fake currency, bearing a face value of Rs 26.18 lakh, from Jamnagar earlier this month, the state police has been alerted to this major security concern and have tightened up against peddlers of fake currency. During investigations however, police found that one single peddler had managed to circulate currency worth Rs 95 lakh in the state.A city crime branch team on the peddler's trail arrested two persons for buying Rs 6.5 lakh of fakes from him and circulating them. Police have also recovered fake notes worth Rs 1.02 lakh from the duo.According to crime branch officials, they had arrested Ramesh Patel, 39, a resident of Himmatnagar in Sabarkantha, on August 23 on the basis of a tip-off with fake Indian currency notes (FICN) worth Rs 29,000 in denominations of Rs 1,000 and Rs 500. As serial numbers of the notes matched those notes seized in a case in Ranip, police probed further.\"During questioning Patel revealed that he had got FICN worth Rs 96 lakh from Abdurrahman Maulana Shaikh of Malda in West Bengal earlier this year. The money was then circulated in the state from four major centres - Junagadh, Himmatnagar, Jamnagar and Godhra. There were several agents who got the notes and circulated them. They got real currency as reward from doing this,\" said a crime branch official.Himanshu Shukla, deputy commissioner of police (crime), said that during Patel's questioning, he gave names of the agents who had received the consignment. \"We found out that two of the Junagadh-based agents had got Rs 6.5 lakh worth of fake currency. A team of special operations group (SOG) then kept watch and nabbed Kamlesh Odiyatar and Ghanshyam Hasani, both residents of Junagadh, when they were returning to Himmatnagar on Saturday,\" he said.Investigators said the duo got frightened by repeated raids by state police on fake currency note peddlers and wanted to return the currency notes to Patel. They were found in possession of notes worth Rs 1.03 lakh. Officials said that, on the lines of notes seized earlier, these notes are of a very good quality that can be detected as fake only by counting machines at banks.Coordination with banks on cardsInvestigators indicated that there would be in-depth investigation in all previous cases of FICN with a fresh outlook. \"We want to ascertain serial numbers of the currency notes suspected to have been printed across the border and give it to various banks and citizens at large so that such notes could be identified easily. We now know that the currency notes come from Bangladesh into West Bengal through porous borders and travel in bulk through various agents. The note suppliers were paid directly into bank accounts with payment ranging from 20 to 50 per cent of the amount of fakes they gave,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16513784", "title": "Village announces Rs 10,000 reward for MP, MLA visit in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Here is an example of how politicians neglect their constituencies after elections. The villagers of Bagholwa in Allahabad district have announced a reward of Rs 10,000 for the person who can bring their elected representatives to the village. The villagers want their MP and MLA to come and see the pathetic condition of civic amenities in the village and redress their grievances. The reward will be given to the MLA and the MP if they come on their own.\"Some call it a unique form of protest, others an act of desperation, but the fact is that we have been forced to do such a thing after our innumerable attempts to draw the attention of our elected representatives towards the problems of the village failed,\" the villagers told reporters. The villagers also said that they are fed up with the poor state of civic amenities but the MP and MLA never bothered to visit the village again after winning the elections. The villagers feel that these legislators might come to their village in case they are given money.All the roads leading the village are badly damaged which make it impossible to commute. As a result, the village is cut off from the rest of the world, particularly in the monsoon when pot holed roads are flooded with knee deep water. Even those who are sick cannot be taken to a hospital. Hence, the cash reward has been announced to 'lure' the MLA and MP. When they will come to collect the money, the district administration would construct roads to ensure 'smooth ride' for VIPs, thus solving half of our problems, said villagers.All the villagers have contributed for Rs 10,000 reward and are even ready to increase the amount, in case chief minister or prime minister are ready to come, said Kamla Singh, a villager. Hriday Kumar, an administrative officer,who had to walk for hours to reach the village recently, admitted that the situation is bad as all roads have been washed away during the monsoon period. While the MLA and MP were not available for comments, Ram Prakash, a local SP leader said that he has communicated the problem to senior leaders in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16512919", "title": "Ganpati bappa\u2026Burrp", "text": "The elephant god wouldn't want you to go hungry. Here's where to eat after pandal darshan.Steamed modaks are a given, and then there are platefuls of chakli, poha and ladoos that you will be served at every home that hosts Ganesha. But what do you eat when you go pandal-hopping? We've rounded up treats to fuel your devotion.Pandal: Ganesh Gully, Parel Eat stop: Ladoo Samrat, opposite Bharatmata cinema It's a bit of a task trying to get a plate, forget a spot, at Ladoo Samrat. So once you elbow in, order at one go \u2014 vada ussal, missal pav, and kokum sarbat. What sets their missal apart from any other is the masala, say loyal patrons. Instead of guilt-inducing rich sweets, go for the robust and nutritionally sensible methi ladoo.Pandal: Lalbaugcha Raja, Lalbaug Eat stop : Chivda Gully Pack up little treats to eat on the way to the next pandal \u2014 the makai ( corn) chivda from Vijaylakshmi Chivda Stall and the Mahalakshmi chivda from Tejas Farsan and sweet mart. The former is smaller than most shops in the area, but easiest to spot because of the crowd at its door. They serve up a nonoily, fresh mixture from a stock that's replenished every few hours.The Mahalakshmi chivda is a delicate balance of peanuts, grated coconut, raisins, poha and kadipatta (in picture).A 20-minute walk away, at the corner of the road that turns towards Elphinstone Station, is Gaurishankar Chitarmal Mithaiwala. There's a Bounty-inspired pedha with a coconut interior and chocolate exterior, and mountains of sutarfeni. But if it is going to be only one thing you eat, let it be the simple pebble-like white pedhas. Perfectly bitesized, and not too sweet, we challenge you to stop at one.Pandal: GSB Seva Mandal, Matunga Eat stop: Idli house &amp; Dairy Don, near Aurora theatre Worship of this south-Indian avatar of Ganesha demands a refuel of idlis. And where better than Idli House? Moving from pepper and cucumber idli, go to the Kanchipuram (with kadipatta and mustard seeds; in picture) and jackfruit versions (idli wrapped in jackfruit leaves) nuked with malagapodi spice powder. Wash this down with refreshing kesar sharbat or steel yourself with some filter coffee.Dairy Don, on the same arc, has Maharaja pan (in picture above). That's a betel leaf wrapped around gulkand and paan-masala ice-cream, speared on a toothpick. Yes , do it!Mitali.Parekh @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509961", "title": "Undertrial kills self at Puzhal prison, sixth suicide in 10 months", "text": "CHENNAI: An undertrial prisoner committed suicide by hanging in Puzhal prison on Friday night, making it the sixth suicide in the last 10 months. The suicides come in the wake of claims by state police that elaborate measures were in place to reform and rehabilitate prisoners.S Sadharana, from Orissa, hung himself from the ceiling of his cell in prison 2, using a towel. He was an accused of murder. Police said he had killed himself due to depression. The previous four suicides is also said to be due to similar reason. The other four prisoners, M Saravanan, M Mani, K Satish Kumar and Prakash, who committed suicide earlier, were remand prisoners, detained in cells in prison 2.\"There is a sense of living a 'negative' life and the prisoners are prone to depression. They feel they are leading a useless life,\" Said K N S Varadhan of Freedom Care, an NGO which works among prisoners who are alcoholics and drug addicts. He said rejection by their families was another major cause for depression. \"Sports meets, football matches and other such bonding events will help them,\" said Varadhan, strongly advocating psychosocial support.But, while the state has four posts for prison psychologists, ADGP prisons J K Tripathy, during an earlier stint, had recommended an additional nine posts for the state. The proposal is pending before the Tamil Nadu public service commission. \"Psychological counselling for prisoners is yet to emerge as a priority area in the country and good psychologists are hard to come by,\" pointed out a senior government official, not willing to be named.Dr S Abhilasha, a psychotherapist, who heads the Aarudhal Charitable trust, a psychological counselling and suicide prevention centre in the city said, \"If the prisoner has murdered someone close to him or a family member, there is a huge sense of guilt. Another reason could be if the person was bullied or had language problems. People slip into depression and this is when they should be counselled, failing which it could trigger a tendency to suicide.\"Prisons in Tamil Nadu have a dubious record, registering a high number of unnatural deaths (suicides and killings), 12 in 2011, according to the National Crimes Record Bureau digest on Prisons.\"It is a tough life in prisons and nobody has the time for anyone there. Everyone is a hardened criminal and it is a question of survival and watching your back all the time,\" said a prison staff on condition of anonymity. \"But first time criminal and the innocent, who are detained on false charges, are the worst affected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509949", "title": "Tight security for Ganesh idol immersion", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have heightened security arrangements at the five Ganesh idol immersion points. About 12,000 policemen will guard these places round-the-clock till Sunday evening.Some idols have already been immersed. Hindu Front will organize an immersion procession on Sunday.Police have identified Palkalai Nagar in Thiruvanmiyur, Srinivasapuram near Fore Shore Estate, Fishing Harbour, popular weigh bridge near Thiruvottiuyur and Ramakrishna Nagar sea shore. Organizers were informed about the route on which they should take to immerse idols.Ganesh Chathurthi was celebrated on September 19 and the idols were installed the same day. At least 1,735 idols have been installed in the city. Of those, 72 idols were immersed in the sea at Palkalai Nagar near Thiruvanmiyur and Fishing Harbour.On Sunday, idols installed by many organisations will be immersed. The organisers have informed police that they will take at least 1,068 idols by processions on Sunday.Police have not formulated any specific traffic diversion on Sunday. A senior police officer said, \"We have asked our officers to close the traffic temporarily on the idol procession route.\"Ganesh Chaturthi began on Sunday with religious fervour as people installed idols of the deity with a prayer to ward off evil.Lord Ganesha is worshipped as the supreme god of wisdom, prosperity and good fortune.On Ganesh Chaturthi, the devotees bring home idols of Lord Vinayagar in order to invoke his blessings for wisdom and prosperity and later immerse the idols in water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509298", "title": "CoP delegates to get bumpy ride to Chowmahalla Palace", "text": "HYDERABAD: Foreign delegates descending on the city for CoP-11 would have set their itinerary to include a visit to the Chowmahalla Palace near Charminar. But with all routes leading to the palace still riddled with potholes, the city is likely to showcase the pathetic state of the roads in the Old City instead of its magnificent heritage.The roads leading to Chowmahalla are part of the Charminar-Puranapul corridor (CoP corridors). Delegates headed for the palace are expected to take the road leading to Moosabowli from City College and reach the palace through Motigali. The roads on the stretch, even the one right outside the palace, are in dire need of repairs with non-existent pedestrian amenities.The Water Board had a few days ago dug up a stretch near Motigali to carry out sewerage line works. The road is now open but the pipes and other materials have been dumped near Khilwat playground, just a few yards from the palace.The Water Board authorities have also repaired a road at Hussaini Alam by laying a patch where a BT road is yet to be laid. Also, at the junction of Laad Bazaar and Motigali where a temporary barricade stands, the road needs immediate attention.Chowmahalla Palace is also a part of the 'Old tales from a living city' local tour mentioned in the CoP website but since the tour involves some walking, the absence of pedestrian facilities may stand out as a sore thumb. The pavements on the Motigali road have been occupied by vendors while those near the palace running along the wall of old pension office are unsightly to even tread on.A GHMC official said BT road laying work on the stretch will commence in the coming weeks. \"We will be able to lay a tar road at spots where patches were laid by the Water Board officials. BT road laying work can be completed in as little as two days. We have also told them to hold sewerage works for a while but they have dug up the road at Motigali,\" he said.He added that GHMC will also coordinate with the traffic police to create awareness amongst the traders to free pavement space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16515240", "title": "Zilla Panchayat posts elections on October 3", "text": "MANGALORE: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) led Dakshina Kannada Zilla Panchayat will see a change of guard with elections to post of president and vice-president for the second term of 20-months scheduled for October 3. The first term of 20-months that saw KT Shailaja Bhat and Dhanalaxmi Janardhan from BJP elected president and vice-president respectively ends on October 7. MV Jayanthi, regional commissioner, Mysore will conduct the election.In a gazette notification on September 14, the state government reserved the post of president for candidate from scheduled tribe and that of vice-president to for candidate from backward class B category. Candidates from Gowda, Bunt, Jain and Christian communities are eligible to contest for the post of vice-president. The ruling BJP with 20-members in the 35-member house has to select from among two of its ST members for the post of president.They are K Meenakshi Manjuntha, representing Panaje constituency, and K Koragappa Naik from Ujire constituency. Nine members in the BJP are eligible to contest for the post of vice-president. They are Santosh Kumar Rai representing Kurnadu; Ritesh Shetty from Bajpe; Keshava Gowda Bajathur from Uppinangady; Nalini Shetty from Sangabettu; Asha Thimmappa Gowda from Bellare; and Naveen Kumar Melana from Jalsoor.Others in contention include Savithri HS, who is the sister of former CM DV Sadananda Gowda representing Belandoor constituency; Devaki Sanjeeva Gowda from Kaniyoor, and Sunitha Sucharitha Shetty from Puttige. With women at helm of affairs in the first 20-months, the mantle of president is likely to fall on Koragappa Naik, spokesperson of district unit of BJP and MLC K Monappa Bhandary said adding no decision has yet been taken.\"With party leaders busy with Ganesh chaturthi festivities, we will meet shortly to take a decision in this regard,\" Bhandary said. Shailaja Bhat and Dhanalaxmi Janardhan were elected president and vice-president for the first 20-month term in the election held here on February 8, 2011. The post of president was reserved for woman from general category and that of vice-president for woman from the Backward Class B category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510678", "title": "Patna girls' 'thumbs down' for Bhojpuri songs", "text": "PATNA: Bhojpuri films may be raking in moolah in a big way, but lewd Bhojpuri songs with sleazy and double- meaning lyrics being played at public places have become a source of major embarrassment for young girls and women alike. Songs like \"Haili bob cut wali deli patt patt gali ...\" and \"Lagawelu jab tu lipstick, hilela Ara district ...\" may be favourites among autorickshaw and truck drivers, but are a nuisance for the fair sex.\"I wear a nose ring and often have to face awkward situation when the autowallah deliberately plays the song, 'Sania Mirza cut nathuniya jaan maare li',\" says Ritu, a collegian. Apurba Paul, a Patna University student, adds, \"Among them the worst I find is 'Missed call mare ta du, kiss debu ka ho'.\"\"Despite being a Bihari and a Bhojpuri speaker, I now feel alienated with the Bhojpuri culture as people outside Bihar relate Bhojpuri to obscenity,\" says Puja Kumari, another collegian.Mala Sinha, mother of a teenaged daughter, is worried. \"When I am with her and travelling in an auto, I become apprehensive about her safety when lewd songs are played. In fact, we both take it as an affront,\" says Sinha who feels the administration should set up separate check-posts to penalize such vehicles.The city's womenfolk apart, even men fume at the vulgarity being endorsed in these songs. \"These songs should be banned as they are akin to blue films,\" Bhojpuri Academy chairman Ravi Kant Dubey told TOI. He said such films and songs were taking the entertainment industry in a wrong direction. \"I have written a letter to the Union information and broadcasting ministry, seeking formation of a separate Censor Board based in Patna for Bhojpuri cinema,\" he said.Eminent sociologist Dr Ashesh Das Gupta talked about the ill-effects of these entertainers on the youth and expressed concern over the negative portrayal of the relationship between brothers-in-law and sisters-in-law. \"The culture in the Hindi belt allows such 'joking relationships'. The makers of Bhojpuri movies and writers of their songs present such relationships with more masala,\" he said.Avinash Chandra Vidyarthi, a Bhojpuri poet who has also served as the associate director of Bhojpuri Academy, Bihar, too expressed anguish over \"this degradation\". Bhojpuri, he says, is the language of love and affection, but now licentiousness has crept in due to these songs. \"Earlier, poetry was a mixture of theme and rhyme, but today the poetry in these songs has only senseless rhyme and no theme,\" Vidyarthi said and, referring to a Bhojpuri song, asked how could a woman's waist be compared with a lollipop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509862", "title": "Builder held for structure on reserved forest land", "text": "PUNE: The forest department, Pune, on Friday night arrested builder Bharat Vohra (40) from Kothrud for allegedly constructing a six-storied building by encroaching on a reserved forest land in Wanowrie.Vohrawas sent to forest custody remand till September 24.Range forest officer V B Bhadale said Vohra had purchased a land for constructing a building adjoining the reserved forest land at survey number 49 in Wanowrie a few years ago. However, without seeking permission from the state government, he encroached upon 23 gunthas. The encroachments were discovered when an inspection was conducted by the forest officials recently.The builder was arrested for committing an offence under relevant sections of the Indian Forest Act, Forest Conservation Act and Indian Penal Code.Vohrawas produced before a magisterial court for seeking forest custody remand of seven days. The forest department counsel Abhijit Sakurkar told the court that the custodial interrogation of Vohra was essential as he had allegedly forged documents for grabbing the said land.Sakurkar produced a map to show that the encroached land was a reserved forest and sought time to seize original documents from Vhora's possession. He argued that Vohra had allegedly caused a massive destruction to the forest land by his act and sought time to identify the role played by his other associates.Sakurkar suspected the involvement of the PMC and land survey department and retired police officials for aiding Vohra in the crime.Advocate Sanjay Kadu, representing Vohra, claimed that his client was in legal possession of the land and a six-storied building was constructed after seeking permission from the PMC.Kadu said that the forest officials had fined Vohra Rs 2,000 for constructing a compound wall on their land in 2009. The officials had reprimanded Vhora of encroaching on their land in future. They had also given a report to their superiors stating that he had not made encroachments two years ago. Vohra had purchased the land from another person in 2007 who had obtained permission from the PMC for constructing the building. Vohra had just revised the building plans, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510457", "title": "Art-based initiative to fight malaria in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Fighting malaria through art, an initiative of Geneva-based Medicines for Malaria Ventures (MMV), will involve children from the city to take the responsibility of keeping the city clean to ward off communicable diseases like malaria.MMV, an autonomous Swiss Foundation under World Health Organisation (WHO), has entrusted Centre for Integrated Learning (CIL), a city-based NGO, with the project to organise a massive awareness drive among children on malaria through a painting event.The main objective of the project is to create awareness among children on the spread of malaria and need for effective implementation of preventive measures to root out such diseases, which are serious health threat to the city. CIL executive director Sachitha Nandagopal told STOI that as many as 25 to 30 schools have been listed from the most vulnerable parts of the city to hold intra-school contest as part of the campaign.\"Painting contest will be held simultaneously in each school over a week with CIL volunteers conducting the events. Over 6,000 students from private and government schools will take part in the contest, where 100 students will be qualified to enter the final round. Prizes will be given to the best five paintings and an exhibition of about 250 paintings (10 best from each school) will be organized during the valedictory ceremony,\" Sachitha explained. Various other value additions will also be incorporated to make the event more effective and fruitful, she said.\"A photography exhibition in association with District Photographers' Association on malaria will further enhance media glare for the event. A newsletter to be published during the valedictory ceremony will encompass details of the event along with interviews, information etc. A jingle contest, workshop on health issues for children, follow-up contest on 'Action Taken' by kids to prevent malaria, tie-up with radio stations, field visits to vulnerable areas and publishing of awareness posters will be the additional events to be incorporated with the project,\" Sachitha said.CIL volunteers will meet school representatives and make preliminary briefing. Intra-school contest will be held from October 1 to 6, inter-school competition on October 27 and the valedictory on November 2, she said adding: \"This is indeed a great breakthrough for our organisation striving to develop strategies and interventions that adds value to present education.\"Kasturba Medical College, Dakshina Kannada District Health Department and Malaria Cell of Mangalore City Corporation will also join hands for the success of the project, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508962", "title": "CBI files fresh FIRs, names government officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Saturday registered two fresh cases in Coalgate scam and steel ministry officials have come under the agency's scanner in the fresh FIRs. The two companies - Nagpur based Grace Industries Ltd and Kolkata based Vikash Metal and Power Ltd and their directors have been booked by CBI for misrepresenting facts to get the coal blocks in Lohara (east) in Maharashtra and Moira Madhujore North and South coal block in West Bengal. In Grace's case, CBI has found that the steel ministry officials had recommended the company for the coal block and when the coal block was allocated to it, company directors sold the stakes of company to Nagpur based Sanvijay Rolling Industry and made a net-profit of Rs 20 crore.After registering the cases, CBI carried out searches at seven locations in Nagpur, Chanderpur (Maharashtra), Kolkata, Asansole, Purulia (West Bengal) and Ghaziabad and recovered several documents.Grace Industries Ltd had applied for coal block in 2006. The company reportedly gave a presentation to screening committee on September 7, 2006 claiming that 'net-worth of their joint-venture group companies' was Rs 120 crore.\"This was a wrong claim as the net-worth of Grace alone stands only Rs 3.3 crore while the net-worth of its joint venture company - Gupta Domestic Fuel - alongwith it would stand at Rs 11.48 crore. They also misrepresented in front of the screening committee their production committee. They had to set-up a sponge iron plant and they showed their production capacity 1.20 lakh Tonnes Per Annum (TPA), while it was actually only 60,000 TPA,\" said a CBI officer. They were allocated coal block in 2008.Interestingly, within one year of allocation of Lohara coal block, they sold the company to Sanvijay and made a net-profit of Rs 20 crore. CBI has booked its Directors Mukesh Gupta and Seema Gupta apart from unknown government officials for cheating, criminal conspiracy and prevention of corruption act. Sources say that Guptas were favoured by somebody in Steel Ministry. About Guptas, sources say that they have become very rich people in Nagpur over a period of time.The second company booked by CBI is Vikash Metal and Power Limited for allegedly misrepresenting allocation of land for its power project in Begusarai in Bihar.The company had reportedly applied for coal block and claimed in their presentation before screening committee in 2008 that Bihar AreaDevelopment Authority has allocated 300 acres of land. CBI officer said, \" They had been allocated land but this allocation was cancelled long before they applied for a coal block, so this was a wrong claim made by them to show that they were going to set up a plant\".Vikash allocated Moira Madhujore (North and South) coal block in the year 2009. The agency has booked the company Vikash Metal and Power its Directors -Vimal Patni, Vikash Patni, Anand Patni, Virender Kumar Jain, Kailash Chander Jain and Vijay Kumar Jain besides Anand Mallick who is authorized signatory for the company along with other unknown others. They have been charged under criminal conspiracy and cheating only as CBI has not found connivance of any government servants in their case. \" We also did not find any inflation in their net-worth,\" said an officer.Earlier this month, CBI had registered five cases this month in Coalgate Scam. The cases were registered against AMR Iron &amp; Steel Private Ltd, JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd, Navbharat Power Private Limited, Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd and JAS Infrastructure Capital Private Ltd. Nagpur based Jayaswal brothers are being presently questioned by CBI in those cases while MP Vijay Darda and former minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia will also be called for questioning soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509424", "title": "Youth\u2019s body found in sea near Masjid Bunder", "text": "MUMBAI: A body of a 25-year-old youth was found floating in the sea at Masjid Bunder on Saturday. The police and fire brigade officials pulled out the body, identified to be of a one Nazir Shaikh. The body has been sent to J Hospital for post-mortem. The police are trying to find out if he fell down or he was pushed into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16510075", "title": "Forum seeks action against forest minister, principal secretary", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The heritage animal task force (HATF), an animal lovers forum, approached chief minister Oommen Chandy on Saturday demanding action against forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar and forest department principal secretary Sajan Peter for misusing power in protecting people like actor Mohanlal, who had been found illegally keeping wildlife articles with them.V K Venkitachalam, secretary of HATF, said the Union ministry of environment and forests had on April 18, 2003 given people the opportunity to declare wildlife articles in their possession. The matter was to be reported to the chief wildlife warden within 180 days from that date. And this in fact was an additional opportunity given to such people, as sub-sections (2) and (4) of the Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 clearly state that such a declaration should be made.Those who had failed to make the declaration in 2003 shouldn't keep wild animals or wildlife articles with them. It's the responsibility of the forest department and the forest minister to take stringent action against such people.\"However, after an elephant tusk was found at Mohanlal's home, the principal secretary, as per the direction of the forest minister, put forth a proposal before the central government on February 3, 2012 suggesting that those possessing wildlife articles be given one more opportunity to declare it. Union minister for forest Jayanthi Natarajan , however, rejected it. She also criticized Ganesh Kumar, saying his move would encourage illegal and clandestine transactions in wildlife products, denting the Centre's conservation efforts,\" Venkitachalam said.The principal secretary, in his proposal, had mentioned that of the 700 captive elephants in the state, as many as 400 were being kept illegally. HATF has demanded to know why the department was not taking any action in this regard.\"We also found that some VVIPs, including a minister, were keeping captive elephants illegally. It's in these circumstances that we approached the chief minister demanding action against both the forest minister and the principal secretary,\" Venkitachalam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16509606", "title": "Blame corrupt babus for stink in sanitation", "text": "GURGAON: The sanitation process of the MCG seems to have hit a dead end. Sources say that corruption is one of the main reasons why the process has been indefinitely stalled.\"The process that usually takes about a month or forty days has dragged on for over five months now, and all this is because of the rampant corrupt practices among the councillors and certain MCG officials. They are not making any effort to ensure that one particular agency gets the sanitation contract for all the four municipal zones even though this agency does not have the infrastructure and manpower to carry out efficient sanitation in even two zones,\" said a source.While this move is likely to meet with stiff resistance by the agency owner and those councillors who are trying to ensure that Balaji Security Service gets the contract, this will benefit other established agencies that despite having a good track record were disqualified in the bid process as Balaji quoted way below the bid amount.\"Everyone knows that this agency got the contract for all the four zones just because he quoted the least bid amount, even though the owner himself knew that the amount he quoted was not enough to recover the cost he would incur in cleaning the entire four zones. We want that the process to be held again and this time, the MCG should include stringent clauses in the contract bid so that such agencies are disqualified in the initial rounds itself,\" said the director of an agency that was bid unsuccessfully.Meanwhile, according to the MCG sanitation department officials, a final decision on when to hold the contract awarding process is yet to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16510376", "title": "Ganesh mandal reaches out to needy", "text": "BELGAUM: For Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal of Bhandur Galli in Belgaum, Ganesh Chaturthi is not just a religious festival, it also serves as a platform to reach out to the poor and the underprivileged. The mandal has become a model for others with its initiatives taken for women's empowerment and various social activities.The 70-year-old mandal has become pro-active since the past 10 years and is popular for its welfare activities under the leadership of small industrialists Mahadev Chougule and Ajit Yadav of the same colony. Major initiatives taken by the mandal are towards women's empowerment. Every year during the festival, the mandal distributes sewing machines to poor widows to help them to become self reliant. More than 40 machines have been distributed so far. The latest benevolent initiative of the mandal is to help poor families conduct weddings of their daughters. Speaking to TOI, Mahadev Chougule, who is also a yoga teacher said, \"The mandal helps those families which find it difficult to conduct the weddings of their daughters due to financial constraints.\"The mandal has also formed a women's unit to lead women-centric activities and Renu Mutagekar is its present head. Ajit Yadav said, \"In order to make women financially self-reliant, we are starting zunka-bhakar kendras in four different areas of the city from this year\". Zunka bhakar concept is popular in Maharashtra, where joawr roti (bhakar) and a curry (zunka) are provided at nominal a nominal price.Bhandur Galli is a small colony with around 150 families and the Ganesh mandal of this colony follows some principles in celebrating the festival and undertaking social activities. Activists of the mandal don't go door to door to collect donation. They accept only donation that is given in mandal's office. Besides, they don't waste donation money on firecrackers or organizing orchestras. According to Chougule, donation money is utilized on constructive works. However, the decorative material used in mantap including clothes and even Ganesh idol are sponsored by different individuals of the colony every year, he said. The mandal also conducts blood donation camps, free dental check-up camps, yoga classes and deaddiction programmes to free youths from bad habits.Besides, it gives encouragement to talented students by honouring them and distributing school material to children in government primary schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509392", "title": "Trains fully packed, NWR plans spl runs to beat festive rush", "text": "JAIPUR: With only about a month left for Durga Puja, Navratra and Dussehra, majority of the trains to important destinations including Howrah, Ahmedabad, Varodara and Mumbai have no vacant seats left. Majority of the berths in these trains are booked in advance. In order to accommodate the festival rush, authorities of the north western railways are now planning special trains which are likely to be introduced soon.People who did not book their tickets in advance are disappointed with the reservation clerks at the ticket booking windows announcing no vacancies in most of the trains.Since Durga Puja will begin from October 21 and Dussehra on October 24, many passengers have already booked their tickets in advance and most berths in AC I to sleeper classes are fully booked.According to Jaipur division of the north western railways, the second AC class in the Jodhpur-Howrah route for October 21, the waiting list has reached 45, while it has reached 300 for the sleeper, and for third AC the figure is 125. \"There can be no confirmed reservation in two trains to Howarh - Sealdah express and Jodhpur-Howarh express - from Jaipur,\" said a railway reservation clerk on Saturday.Likewise, for those who wish to visit Ahmedabad, Varodara and Mumbai to participate in the Navrata festivals are also disappointed as trains to these destinations are fully packed from October 20 to November 20.\"Many people are booking even on waiting list tickets and if the final chart do not confirm their tickets at the time of their journey , many cancellations are expected,\" an officer said.Meanwhile, the authorities of the north western railways are in touch with the railway board to start special trains to Howrah, Ahmedabad, Varodara and Mumbai. \"We are awaiting for the board's nod. The moment we get permission from them we are planning some trains to these destinations and if we get some extra trains we will also try to introduce festival trains to accommodate the rush from October 20 to November, 20,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16510527", "title": "'Movement against infiltration should not be communal'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Seeking a rational solution to the problem of influx from Bangladesh, Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) has said that the issue must not be viewed from a petty communal perspective.KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi said the ongoing protests against infiltration in the aftermath of Bodoland Territorial Areas Districts (BTAD) violence has evoked strong sentiments among people who want a permanent solution to the problem. However, the movement should be carried out in the spirit of secular values and there should not be any room for communalism in the movement against infiltration, he said.\"One's religious identity cannot be the basis of identification of foreigners. It is not a Hindu-Muslim issue. All communities with different religious affiliations want a solution to the influx problem. There cannot be any communal perspective to the issue. We should shun all communal and religious fundamentalist forces for a secular perspective to the movement,\" exhorted Akhil.KMSS said as March 25, 1971 has been decided as the cut-off date for detection of foreigners, the prime task is to identify those who came before and after this date. \"The government should look at the National Register for Citizens (NRC) of 1951 and voter's lists of 1961 and 1971 as tools for updating the present NRC and identifying foreigners,\" Gogoi said.At the same time, the former Team Anna member said discussions should be held with Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal for accepting their citizens if they were identified as foreigners in the state. He said the issue of infiltration has been kept alive by vested groups either for vote bank politics or to further their communal agenda in the state.\"Those who oppose the problem of foreigners' influx do not know the history of anti-infiltration movement in Assam . There are also those who want to find a solution to the influx problem, but have only complicated it further by giving it a communal colour,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16510368", "title": "Bhave was made a scapegoat: Brother", "text": "PONDA: Dattatraya Bhave, 54, assistant geologist at the directorate of mines and geology, had told his brother, Digambar, that he was made a scapegoat in the mining scam issue.Bhave had allegedly committed suicide at his Ponda residence early Friday morning.Ponda sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) and deputy collector Johnson Fernandes, who is investigating the case, said that he has recorded the statements of Digambar and Bhave's daughter Namrata on Friday.\"According to the statement given by his brother, Digambar, Bhave had told him after his suspension that he was made a scapegoat in the illegal mining case. Digambar said his brother had served the department with sincerity and the suspension had frustrated him and that could have led him to take the extreme step. His (Bhave's) wife saw him hanging from a dupatta which was tied to a GI pipe of the PVC sheet ceiling of his staircase,\" Fernandes said.Fernandes said that the medical reports have confirmed that the officer had committed suicide.Bhave, who was handling granting of NOCs for export of the iron ore, was placed under suspension for the last 10 days after the Shah Commission report on illegal mining was tabled in the Lok Sabha.Fernandes said, at the time of the incident, Bhave's wife and daughter, Namrata, were at home. Quoting the daughter's statement, Fernandes said that Bhave seemed to be his normal self on the night prior to the incident.For some days prior to Ganesh Chathurti, he appeared depressed, the SDM said. Bhave is survived by his wife, a son and daughter. His daughter had just completed her engineering while the son, Vallabh, is studying in second year engineering at the Goa engineering college, Farmagudi-Ponda.Ponda deputy superintendent of police Dinraj Govekar also said that police are not conducting an investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16515321", "title": "Express train rams into car in Kerala, 5 killed", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Five people, including a three-year-old child, were killed after Hapa-Tirunelveli Superfast Express rammed into a Indica car in which they were travelling in at an unmanned railway crossing near Aroor railway station on Sunday afternoon.Kuthiyathodu CI P Sivankutty said that the Indica car no KL 32 C 276. \"While three men were killed on the spot, the child and the car owner Sumesh, 28 died on the way to the hospital,\" Sivankutty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514135", "title": "Now Jatt &amp; Juliet 2!", "text": "After the resounding success of Jatt &amp; Juliet, the makers of the film are all set to launch it sequel , Jatt &amp; Juliet 2.With this, the film creates history as it is the first Punjabi movie to have a sequel. \"Actually none of us had expected that the film would turn the tide in Punjabi industry. Hence, we weren't at all aiming for its sequel. But now, things are different. People want to see more of Jatt and Juliet.I guess the producers are compelled to make its sequel,\" laughs Neeru Bajwa, adding, \"Who can now think of Jatt &amp; Juliet without Diljit Dosanjh? So, yes , Diljit will be a part of the sequel too.\" The film starts shooting next month and is expected to release early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510836", "title": "Traders to observe bandh against FDI on Sept 24", "text": "BHOPAL: The traders in the state capital would observe a bandh against the opening of retail sector for foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector on September 24, Monday. A decision to this effect was taken by the confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) here on Saturday.Traders in Bhopal did not join the nationwide bandh against FDI on Sept 20 in wake of the visit of foreign dignitaries including Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa and the Bhutanese Prime Minister Jigme Yoser Thinley for laying the foundation of Buddhist university at Sanchi on Sept 21.Spokesperson of the confederation Vivek Sahu talking to TOI said, \"The bandh against foreign direct investment (FDI) would be observed in Bhopal and Raisen districts Monday. Initially some traders' associations resisted the bandh but the issue has now been sorted out.\"Sahu said that around 15 traders' bodies were invited for the meeting on Saturday evening including Bhopal Chambers of Commerce, traders of dal-chawal, shakkar, mirchi, atta-maida, mishtanna bhandar, sabzi-mandi, Azad Market traders, New Market retailers, hotels and restaurant owners, Sarafa and gold jewellers among others.\"\"Schools, colleges, medical stores, public transport, hospitals, dairies and other essential goods and services have been kept out of the purview of the bandh. However, some schools and colleges have decided to remain close on their own,\" he said.Schools like International Public School (IPS) have deferred their assessment examinations scheduled for September 24 to October 1, informed principal P S Kalra.CAIT would also stage a protest by 'begging' on Sunday.Akhil Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal state unit general secretary Anupam Aggrawal had said, \"We would support the bandh as it is a fight for our own rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509749", "title": "Clearing misconceptions on diabetic assn's agenda", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as diabetes threatens to affect a large section of the population in the country, many misconceptions prevail regarding its treatment. From eating bitter gourd to piercing one's ears, people have been adopting many undocumented ways to deal with the disease, say doctors.The new team of Diabetic Association of India (DAI), Nagpur chapter, with renowned physician Dr Shankar Khobragde as president and consulting cardiologist Dr Prajakata Deshmukh as secretary, takes charge on Sunday. Annihilation of misconceptions and dogmatic views associated with diabetes will be the team's mandate for the year.Besides, the team is also working towards increasing awareness regarding the disease and the technical advances that can help diabetes-prone people. \"Many diabetics can lead a normal life by simply taking their medicines regularly. However, a mere mention of insulin injection causes panic among them due to lack of knowledge. They rarely know of the long-term complications if they avoid medicines,\" said Dr Khobragade, member of Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC).Khobragade also mentioned that doctors from the city will be also made aware of the many advances in diabetes treatment. \"Sometimes, doctors too hesitate to use newer drugs and instruments unless others start using them. This, despite most of them are documented and have gone through trials in the Western countries,\" he said.Agreeing with this, Dr Deshmukh said many people stop taking their medicines once their blood sugar levels come under control. \"Those suffering from diabetes need continuous medication and monitoring. Specially, organs like kidney, eyes and feet need protection once diabetes is detected. If guided properly, a diabetic can become what we refer to as an 'ideal patient',\" he said.DAI will also be conducting awareness programmes for diabetes-prone people. \"We will also include schoolchildren in this group. Also, people like bank employees who lead sedentary lifestyles will be included in our regular screening programmes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509884", "title": "City-based developer's BMW worth Rs 24 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: City-based developer Altaf Shaikh (34) has registered a complaint with the Wanowrie police stating that his BMW worth Rs 24 lakh was stolen from Ganga Satellite apartments in Wanowrie between September 19 and 21. Senior inspector Bajirao Mohite, in charge of the Wanowrie police, said Shaikh's complaint reads that the vehicle contained Rs 5.10 lakh and property documents. Shaikh has registered a theft complaint against unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513893", "title": "Is new media art a fad?", "text": "India is warming up to new media art, but there's some ambiguity about its definition. Kasmin Fernandes clears the picture.If you visit art gallery Latitude 28 in New Delhi, expecting to see oil and water colour paintings hoisted on the walls, you are in for a surprise. What welcomes you is a device made out of Bluetooth, keyboards, webcam, a projector and paper. This rather curious installation has been created by artist Prayas Abhinav. He explains, \"It's called Lack-lustre Narratives. This is a text-editor which tracks your typing rhythm and responds to it by fragmenting the text if the pace is not rhythmic.\" Its idea is to depict a fact about fiction-writing \u2014 if your rhythm is inconsistent, the narrative gets fragmented and scattered.It's one of the artworks on display at Glitch Frame Lollipop, a three-artist new media art show that was on view this month. The show, which celebrates New Media art, has managed to reach out to a large community through a Facebook group called 'glitch'. Says Bhavna Kakar, the director of Latitude 28, who's a strong believer in this neo art field, \"New media art has become too big to ignore. Not a month goes by without a contemporary gallery or museum creating space for this new phenomenon.\" Even at important art fairs across the country, video art and New Media works attract the most attention.Beginnings in IndiaWhile its inception is guesstimated to the rebellious 1960s America, in India, the story of new media art is only a couple of decades old. Out here, it wasn't an academic call but a social one. In the early 1990s, globalisation and religious hyper-nationalism forced artists to realise that they must move beyond the painted image in order to reach out to a larger audience. \"When bomb explosions and riots ripped Bombay apart in 1992 and 1993, civil society seemed almost to break out of its hinges. It was in this atmosphere of turmoil and change that the first video artworks were made,\" says Johan Pijnappel, a Dutch art historian who specialises in new media art in Asia. The emerging technoscape of the 1990s and its associated social milieu influenced artists who chose to work with new media. Adds Pijnappel, \"For those artists, video \u2014 combined with installation and performance \u2014 was the way to shake things up. This was another means of cultural resistance.\"Swift embraceMost Indian new media artists work between media, at interfaces between shadow installations and video (Nalini Malani), video and sculpture (Vivan Sundaram and Sheba Chhachhi), video animation (Navjot and Manjunath Kamath), the internet and painting (Baiju Parthan), painting and video (Ranbir Kaleka), and in performance-based video art and installations (Subodh Gupta, Shilpa Gupta, Kiran Subbaiah and Tejal Shah).\"New media art is here to stay,\" says Jiten Thukral of artist duo Thukral &amp; [Sumir] Tagra. \"This is an interesting time, where old or traditional and new can co-exist like never before.\" Their installation, The Escape! Resume/Reset, on view at the gallery Arken in Denmark, is both playful and humorous. \"It's an aircraft interior, a living room and a gaming arcade all in one. You are both passenger and player.\"The naysayersBut not everyone believes in the new media. As visual artist and academician Shukla Sawant points out, latest technologies often become redundant even before people have learnt to use them, and that poses a problem. \"One is left wondering if the term 'new media' has any validity at all in today's climate of constant change,\" she says. Mumbai-based artist Jitish Kallat concurs, \"The term is often used loosely to describe any art that uses video. But that's not new media. A new media work is where technology becomes the protagonist within the art; where what is done with the medium is at the cutting edge of technology. When the seeking of novelty happens within the medium itself. For instance, rewriting a code where the coding itself is the innovation. The intent of the artist would be to see the elasticity and the potential of technology to become poetry. To that extent, there isn't much going on in the Indian art world.\"Indian experiments in this field are more local improvisations than fresh variants on a universal new media practice. And according to veterans like Gujarat-based artist Durlabhji A Makwana, there is a herd mentality among the younger lot. \"With declining patronage, artists prefer nontraditional western art forms over Indian ones. It is high time we make sincere attempts to revive our own art forms,\" says the artist who specialises in Kutchi mud painting and batik work. He feels the next generation is taking the easy route with such installations instead of focusing on mediums like watercolour and oil, which need a greater commitment and finesse to execute.The place of new media art may be ambiguous in India at the moment, but like Kahil Gibran had once said: \"Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.\" And acceptance to change takes time, in any field.What is new media art?New media art by its very nature encompasses artworks that innovate and experiment with non-traditional mediums \u2014 everyday materials processed unusually, digital art, graphics, video, animation, interactive art, and avant garde performance art. It is interactive in nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510625", "title": "UPPCL installs 24x7 kiosks for easy bill payment", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Madhyanchal Distribution Company of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited on Saturday installed a kiosk at the sub stations of Vishwas Khand in Gomtinagar and Hussainganj in a bid to allow consumers to deposit their bills directly. The 24x7 facility will be apart from the e-suvidha counters being run by the UP Electronics Corporation. Managing director, Madhyanchal, Nitishwar Kumar said that people will be able to deposit cash and even cheques at the machine and receive a receipt from the machine, also known as 'All Time Payment' (ATP) machine.Kumar said that the company will be installing such machines at places, where consumers are more aware about payment of their bills. \"All you need to do is to feed details in the machines and submit the cash or the cheque, which would subsequently get cleared,\" Kumar said.Significantly, this the second time that such a machine is being installed by the UPPCL in Vishwas Khand. Earlier it was in 2010 when the UPPCL entered into an agreement with a Bangalore-based company for installing a machine. But ironically, the project was suspended after the company did not get enough consumers.The Madhyanchal-owned machine is likely to be managed by e-suvidha, a government enterprise. UPPCL officials believe the project would succeed this time. Sources, however, said that the machine will generate thermally printed receipts (like those generated by ATMs) which do not persist for long and fade away after few days. This has given rise to apprehensions of people not having proof of their bills paid once the ink fades away. The consumers will thus instead be required to get the receipts photo-copied for a longer shelf life.Sources said that this is another reason for consumers getting wary of the facility after they found the receipts unacceptable. \"We are surprised as to why authorities are just using the old inventory,\" said an official in e-suvidha.Sources said that though e-suvidha had not expressed its reservations. Officials of Madhyanchal Distribution Company, however, expect a smooth functioning of the machine. \"This essentially allows educated people to come forward and deposit their bills at their comfort,\" Kumar said.The move to install such machines comes at a time when UPPCL seeks to raise its dipping revenue levels. Interestingly, Lesa did better in terms of revenue recovery in August this year as compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16510196", "title": "Police launch bureau for elderly", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In an attempt to address problems being faced by the elderly in the city, police opened a Senior Citizen Service Bureau here on Saturday. They have also launched a helpline exclusively for senior citizens as part of their ongoing statewide Care, Aid and Relief for Elders (CARE) programme.The services of bureau are exclusively for people living alone. Officers of eight police stations in the city have already collected the data of the elderly and the beat officers of the respective police stations will visit the houses of the elderly at least once a week.The elderly will be provided a booklet for safe and secure living that includes information like emergency phone numbers. The people can contact the respective beat officers for assistance at any time.Crime Detachment Bureau figures show that there were 222 cases in the city in the past three years in which the victims were senior citizens. The figures were 63 in 2011, 90 in 2010 and 64 in 2009.Of these cases in 2011, 16 are suicide cases and 11 house-breaking and theft cases. Suicide rates are high among senior men (12. In house-breaking and theft category too, the number of male victims is high (9).Those related to people abandoning their parents form the majority of cases registered under the Kerala Maintenance and Welfare of Parents and Senior Citizens Act, 2007, according to the District Crime Records Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510274", "title": "60-yr-old man murdered at Arpora", "text": "PANAJI: A senior citizen was found murdered at his house at Maina Bhati in Arpora-Bardez on Saturday. Anjuna PI Vishwesh Karpe said that the deceased, Patrick D'Souza, 61, was murdered by an unknown person during the intervening hours of late Friday evening and Saturday morning. Police have ruled out robbery as the motive as nothing was reported stolen from the house. \"D'Souza's wife was in Mumbai at the time of the incident. The deceased had retired from service in Mumbai 20 years ago and had settled in Goa. The couple's children are both working abroad,\" Karpe said.\"The couple was, in fact, supposed to join their children abroad and were to leave Goa on Sunday,\" he added. The complaint was lodged by D'Souza's neighbor and the case was registered under Section 302 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515430", "title": "Tamannaah with Akshay Kumar", "text": "Tamannaah, we hear, is being paired opposite Akshay Kumar in the Bollywood remake of Tamil film Ramana (2002). When contacted Tamannaah's father Santosh Bhatia said, \"Yes, we are still in talks with the producers, but Tamannaah has not signed on the dotted line yet. In a week's time, we'll be able to give you a better picture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "16510272", "title": "Chief minister flays Centre for not paying back national highway repair cost", "text": "SITAMARHI: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday said that the state spent thousands of crores on the repair and maintenance of national highways (NHs) but the Centre refused to reimburse it. Now Bihar will not tolerate injustice any more, he announced while addressing a public meeting organised at Dumra stadium field during his Adhikar yatra which will culminate into an Adhikar rally in Patna on November 4. The yatra and rally are being organized to press Bihar's demand for special category state status which Kumar has been terming as a backward state's 'adhikar' (right).He said a memorandum carrying signatures of more than a crore Biharis demanding special status to the state was submitted to the PM after the state legislature unanimously passed a resolution to this effect. The CM also flayed the Centre on the issue of FDI in retail sector saying it would hit the local businessmen and farmers.The CM said that if Bihar gets special category state status, investment would increase as entrepreneurs would get rebate and the youth would get employment. He said that as of now, the state government has to share 30% to 50% in centrally sponsored schemes but if the state gets that status, it would have to share only 10%.When he was unveiling the statue of Jannayak Karpoori Thakur at Dumra, over a 1,000 members of Niyojit Shikshak Sangh raised the slogan \"Jab tak shikshak bhukha rahega, gyan ka sagar sukha rahega\". They reached the venue in the garb of followers of the party. In the noon, the CM reviewed the ongoing development projects with the district officials at Dumra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509277", "title": "Illegal market for guns thrives in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: An illegal arms bazaar is thriving in the city and it is easy to procure a gun if you have the money and right contacts. From simple kattas (crude handguns) to sophisticated automatics, everything's available for prices ranging from Rs 4,000 to Rs 2 lakh.The trade has changed in some ways over the last decade. For one, it does not cater to only gangsters anymore. As the events of the last few weeks show, even lovers with a grudge can find guns easily now. Also, the guns are made in India, not smuggled from China, Malaysia, Italy and Pakistan. While the more sophisticated weapons are made at factories in and around Munger in Bihar, the crude ones are made across UP.Most guns are sold in UP and Haryana. Agents in Meerut and Aligarh dispatch them to areas like Najafgarh in southwest Delhi and Narela in outer Delhi, from where these are distributed, says special cell officers, adding, deals are struck on references.The rise of outer Delhi areas as a hub of the gun trade is owing to their easy connectivity by bus routes, sources say.Police data show how arms sales have slowly picked up. While 573 illegal weapons were seized in 2009, 634 were seized in 2010, and 770 in 2011. Till July this year, 463 guns had been seized. Ammunition seizures have also risen, from 1,165 in 2010. More than 1,035 cases were registered under the Arms Act in 2011 (up from 884 in 2010). The crime branch alone recovered SLRs, carbines and double-barrel guns while busting nine different organized gangs.\"The gravity of the problem is evident considering that only 1,129 new arms licences were issued last year while 11,758 others were renewed. The crime branch even seized 10 guns from petty burglars,'' said an officer from this specialized unit.Time and again, gun factories have been unearthed in the capital. \"An Indian Mujahideen unit was found at Meet Vihar. We would have investigated with great attention but for the fact that a gang war at the UP-Delhi border showed how even local gangs now possess AK-47s,'' said a special cell officer.The growth of hundreds of illegal arms units on the city's outskirts and in neighbouring towns has made the problem complex. In west UP, gun manufacture and running has become an organized industry. The factories make every part, from butts to side covers, barrels and triggers using grinding machines, hand-powered drills and welding machines.An officer told TOI that illegal weapons outnumber legal ones in the city eight to one, and more than 90% of violent crimes in Delhi are committed using unlicensed guns. \"Guns are even available on rent. You just pay for the bullets and even get the deposit back if the weapon is returned intact,\" said a senior police officer.According to a special cell officer, the katta remains the weapon of choice as it is the easiest to dispose of after a crime. \"It is almost impossible to link a katta with a crime or a criminal unless there is a clear set of fingerprints,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513712", "title": "Kamal praises composer", "text": "Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan recently appreciated the work of Jerome Pushparaj, the music composer of Vavwal Pasanga.He was quoted as saying that the music director has delivered what the current trend demands.Jerome Pushparaj's efforts in Thodakkam might have gone unnoticed but the composer we hear has his hands full after Vavwal Pasanga as he has signed quite a few projects like Sengadu , Malar Melnilaya Palli and Thappu Thaalangal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509422", "title": "North corporation's focus on gyms, hotels for property tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: The North corporation is focusing on gyms, farmhouses, hotels and guesthouses and ignoring residential areas to boost the property tax collection. Civic officials have been instructed to ensure that all the commercial properties pay 20% property tax.\"The officials have been asked to prepare a list of all the gyms, hotels, showrooms and guesthouses in specific pockets of their zone. By October end there has to be 100% tax collection,\" said a North corporation official.The officials say that every time they make rounds in the residential colonies, asking people to pay property tax, area councillors pressurize them. \"The deliberative wing of the corporations have asked us to focus on commercial properties rather than residential ones, as they don't want their vote bank to be upset with the reminders,\" said an official.However, the councillors reason that the corporation earns more revenue from the commercial properties than residential ones and hence they should be stricter towards them. \"These gyms, salons, hotels and guesthouses make a lot of money and if they aren't paying tax on time, then they need to be fined heavily,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North corporation. The officials especially in Karol Bagh, City and Paharganj zones where there are numerous hotels and guesthouses, have been instructed to come down heavily on such properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16510483", "title": "22 Bangla migrants sent to jail in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Invoking the provisions of the Foreigners Act, 1946, an Imphal court has sentenced 22 illegal Bangladeshi immigrants to two years' imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 each. These convicts are among the Bangladeshi and Myanmarese infiltrators rounded up during the recent police crackdown on some Muslim pockets in Imphal and Thoubal districts last month.Having heard both parties, chief judicial magistrate (Imphal East) on Friday found the 22 Bangladeshi nationals guilty under Section 14- A of the Foreginers' Act, 1946, for entering India without valid documents. The court also ruled that the convicts should also undergo 20 days rigorous imprisonment while the rest jail term should be simple imprisonment. If they fail to pay the fine, their prison term would be extended by six months, said the court.The 22 convicted foreign nationals were pulled up by police from Hatta and surrounding areas in Imphal city on August 30. On the same day, some illegal Myanmarese immigrants were also rounded up in the Lilong area of Thoubal district.The recent drive against illegal entry of foreigners was launched after northeast students and professionals were threatened through SMSs in some mainland Indian cities in the aftermath of the bloody clash in Assam. In one of the drives launched in Jiribam sub-division bordering Assam , about 200 Bangladeshi nationals were intercepted at Jiribam and made to turn back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16510876", "title": "Health department to test private water sources", "text": "NASHIK: A special inspection drive of private water sources by the district health officials is in the offing from October for Nashik district.The district health office decided to conduct the survey stating that there was need to identify and carry out a chemical analysis of water from private drinking sources such as wells, tanks owned by individuals in villages. the district health office has decided to conduct a survey throughout the district.\"We have carried out a survey of public or government sources of water throughout the district and identified points where the water was potable. But it was discovered this year, that water sourced from private sources was responsible for the spread of water- borne diseases. We have therefore decided to conduct another survey to analyse the water quality of the sources,\" additional district health officer V N Dekate said.The survey will be carried out The office has decided to carry out its surveyfrom October 2012, and the sources will not only be identified but also inspected. A health official said that the source would be mapped mapping of the sources would be doneand corrective measures needed to contain the spread of diseases would then be carried out.The survey and analysis carried out of 5,081 out of the 8,088 public or government sources of water, indicated that 30% of water sources having nitrate levels above permitted values, while 3% had es had percentage ofiron beyond the permissible limits. While the district average of fluoride contamination was limited to 3% only, Nipad tehsil alone had 14% of its sources affected by fluoride, the second highest was Nandgaon with 6% fluoride contamination.Similar was the case with nitrates, where the district average is 30%.Deola has a staggering 61% of its water sources contaminated. It is followed by Nandgaon (51 percent), Yeola (51 percent), Malegaon and Chandwad (45 percent).The analysis further pointed out that 1% of the sources had total dissolved salts (TDS) above the permissible limit, but Malegaon tehsil alone had 9% of its sources with a higher TDS value.The analytical survey also reflected that only 62% of the total sources in the district had been surveyed since the rest of the water sources were dry. was carried out, because rest of the sources were dry.Health officials said that following the survey in October there would be meetings with officials at the rural level. Office-bearers also said efforts will be made to raise awareness on water contamination. Measures will be taken to decontaminate the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511576", "title": "\u2018Nobody is indispensable in this job\u2019", "text": "After several attempts to reach Vasant Dhoble \u2014 just transferred and in a new role \u2014 Gitanjali Dang recently had a chance encounter with him on her way home from work around midnight. Here he answers some questions and also asks, in his typical style, what she was doing out so lateI have some questions for you.Vasant Dhoble: I'm not allowed to give any interviews. In the event of a request, I'll have to notify the police commissioner through a letter. The interview can be given only following an approval from him. But I'm happy to talk to you.Following the transfer, what does your regular day look like? When we met last evening, were you asking illegal food stalls to push off? Are you planning to carry out similar drives in this area?I am the divisional ACP here. My job is to maintain law and order and take legal action against illegal activities.Were you disappointed when you were transferred?Nobody is indispensable. This is a transferable job; it happens all the time. Each posting has a specific period and that's all there is to it.How do you respond to the criticism and reports that appeared in the media?I wasn't following the media. Nobody trusts the media anyway.That's a bit harsh. Are you saying you never looked up the news?Actually, I did. I was always interested in knowing if they'd carried a good picture of me. Incidentally , what were you doing around those parts at midnight?I stay around the corner.So were you out to eat something at the corner stall?I was on my way home from work.Okay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509019", "title": "10 videos of anti-Islam film blocked, cops keep an eye", "text": "MUMBAI: While the Centre's Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) has blocked 10 videos of the controversial movie, Innocence of Muslims, on YouTube, cops are worried about new videos surfacing on the internet.The anti-Islam film has triggered angry demonstrations around the world and the Mumbai police booked the film's director, producer and other crew members for creating hatred between communities last week.\"We had identified as much 10 videos on YouTube and sent a request to the CERT to block them. These videos were blocked and we are still searching for other videos that may create law and order problems,\" said a police officer .While two clips of the film can still be found on a popular video-sharing website, links to the film's footage can be seen in news reports uploaded on websites. A cyber crime team is working to trace such websites. \"We cannot block these videos since their servers are not in India. However, we want to search all such stuff on the internet and send a request to CERT to block them,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510839", "title": "Govt to imbibe outcome to improve governance: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said that his government would imbibe the outcome of the religious leaders at the two day 'Dharma-Dhamma' (religious) convention to improve governance in the state. He was addressing while inaugurating the convention here on Saturday.He said, \"The objective of the conference is to find ways to bring good governance for the people through the principle of Dharma-Dhamma.\" He also warned against the exploitation of natural resources.In his key note address, Dr Ananda Guruge, dean of academic affairs, University of the West, California (US) highlighted the significance of Sanchi. Guruge is also the chairman of the World Buddhist University Council.\"It is most gratifying that India and Sri Lanka have come together in this project because Sanchi is a place of the highest significance in the histories of both our countries,\" Guruge told the gathering.Talking to TOI on the importance of the university coming up at Sanchi he said, \"Sanchi is a great Buddhist centre, important for India and the world. We all have an emotional attachment to it. Sri Lanka would be closely associated with the Buddhist University.\"He said the scholars and experts would deliberate on India's incomparable religious and philosophical heritage at the Sanchi University of Buddhist Studies.Vinay Sahasrabudhe, director, India Foundation, New Delhi and one of the organisers of the conference, said, \"Dharma, known as Dhamma in Pali language, is the confluence of Hinduism and Buddhism.\"\"We had invited the Dalai Lama to the event and he has conveyed his wishes for its success. He said, the Dalai's visit may help in participation of some more countries,\" Sahasrabudhe said.Another key speaker at the plenary session was former union minister Dr Arun Shourie who cautioned the people to be beware of self-proclaimed god men who lure innocents in the name of tradition and religion. \"We should watch the conduct of such self-proclaimed saints just as we watch politicians.\"\"Religions 50 years from now would be different than what they are today. They would be part of the collective consciousness of humanity,\" he added.Dr Prakash Ambedkar, grandson of Baba Ambedkar, the father of Indian Constitution, said that values of social religion should be considered in the present times. Dr Kapil Kapoor, former rector JNU, stressed need for discussions on Dharma and Dhamma. Central Tibetan University vice-chancellor Prof Geshe Navang Sampatan hoped that Sanchi Buddhist University will carry forward tradition of ancient Nalanda University.Dr Baidyanath Labh, convenor for the event proposed a vote of thanks. The convention is being organised jointly by Madhya Pradesh culture department, Centre for Study of Religion and Society, New Delhi and Mahabodhi Society, Sri Lanka.Participants deliberated on the role of dharma/dhamma in the political, ethical and social spheres, scientific and technological pursuits, in economics and business and in art, architecture and archeology. As many as 235 representatives from 19 countries are participating in this two-day international convention.The conference was organised as part of the foundation stone laying ceremony of 'Sanchi University for Buddhist and Indic Studies' by Sri Lanka President Mahinda Rajapaksa on Friday in Sanchi.BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi is expected to participate in the valedictory session on September 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16509962", "title": "Residents fed up with frequent bandhs", "text": "BOKARO: Para teachers, who came on streets on Saturday to make their statewide bandh successful, bore the brunt of both the common people and police. People thrashed and chased away the protesters at many places, injuring more than six persons.Residents of Bokaro, who are infuriated by a number of bandhs called by different political parties in recent times, vented out their anger on the para teachers when they tried to block the road and close the shops at different places in the district. \"Police have arrested 708 para teachers in eight blocks of the district. They were released later,\" said Kuldeep Dwivedi, SP.The first incident occurred at Garga Bridge which is the lifeline connecting Chas township with Bokaro. The protesters blocked the bridge at around 7am and disrupted the traffic in which school buses got stuck. Seeing the children held up in the school buses, a few local people and guardian requested the para teachers to spare them, but the request was turned down.\"The para teachers misbehaved with the residents when they came asking to give way to school buses. This made them angry and they come out with sticks and bamboos and started beating up the para teachers. Many other residents also joined them and remained thrashing the para teachers, until they ran off,\" said B Mandal, a shopkeeper.At Petarwar, vehicle drivers clashed with para teachers when they blocked the road. They also beat up few para teachers. Similar scene was witnessed at Kathara in Bermo division where the shopkeepers chased away the protesters when they tried to close their shops forcibly. The para teachers had to ran away from there with shopkeepers coming down heavily on them.Gomia witnessed a clash between para teacher and police following which the men in khaki resorted to lathicharge. The people, however, thanked policemen for removing the blockade at Bank Moad. However, five para teachers have been injured in the incident.M Mahto, a resident of Gomia, said the para teachers were behaving inhuman as they were not sparing the ambulances also. \"We have asked them to clear the way as it is affecting the traffic badly in Gomia, even the residents came complaining about it. When our men went to request them, they misbehaved with them and started throwing stones at them following which police dispersed the mob,\" said SP Dwivedi.There are 1,764 government schools comprising middle and primary schools in the district. Of them, there are 911 mini primary schools (MPS) which are run by para teachers. Of the 4,624 para teachers in the district, 4,177 are on strike. There are 1.70 lakh children in the district whom midday meal has been served everyday. \"The para teachers' strike has affected about 300 MPS, but baring a few of them the midday meal is being served regularly in each of the school with help of Gram Siksha Samiti,\" said Purender Vikram Sahi.However, a leader of the para teachers' association D K Mahto said the bandh was successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510279", "title": "'Goa govt spent Rs 10 lakh as legal fees in Balli violence case'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has spent more than 10 lakh by way of legal fees to prosecute tribal leaders for the violence in Balli in Quepem taluka in May 2011 which claimed the lives of two tribal youth and left some senior government officers injured, as per information obtained under the RTI Act.To assist the prosecution, the Congress government had appointed then senior counsel and present advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni as special prosecutor. Dattaprasad Lawande was appointed to assist him.They were appointed \"for appearance in criminal cases registered regarding violent incidents at Balli to defend the interest of the government - district (south Goa) administration, police, fire services, tribal welfare departments, etc before various courts, including magisterial inquiry into the matter.\"As per information obtained under the RTI Act by social activist Aires Rodrigues, Nadkarni was paid 75,000 per appearance for a total of 13 hearings he appeared before the Quepem court, the sessions court and high court. Lawande's bill per appearance was Rs 2,750.Rodrigues has said that as per the file notings obtained, on Friday, March 9, 2012, the very day Manohar Parrikar was sworn in as chief minister and Atmaram Nadkarni became the advocate general, a note was moved by the finance department for approval of the bills.B Vijayan, who is currently the chief secretary of Goa, as finance secretary in his noting had stated that \"for future reference, the law department should consider prescribing the fees/range of fees for such advocates who are not on government panel and who are appointed for specific purpose.\"The notings further show that on Monday, March 12, the chief minister cleared the file authorizing the payment. Nadkarni when contacted declined to comment.On May 25, 2011 thousands of tribals marched to Balli to protest against the government's indifferent attitude towards their long-pending demands, holding up road and rail traffic. The state administration was taken by surprise and was found totally ill-prepared to face the agitation which was revealed in the report of the Justice S K Shah commission which investigated the case. Two tribal youth were charred to death in related violence between two groups on the same day.Six cases were registered against the tribal leaders - five at Cuncolim police station and one at Konkan railway police station. S K Shah commission had also found that UTAA (united tribal association alliance) leaders had failed to control the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509069", "title": "Delhi police tells court they can\u2019t book Raj Thackeray", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi police on Saturday told a court here that it faces several legal hurdles in lodging an FIR against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray for allegedly branding Bihar natives in Mumbai as infiltrators.The police told metropolitan magistrate Neeraj Gaur that neither the comments were made in the national capital nor the newspapers which carried them are printed here. \"It is submitted that neither the office of MNS is situated in the area of police station Subzi Mandi nor any such statement has been made from here,\" the action taken-report said.The complaint was filed by advocate Prem Shankar Sharma who said Thackeray's remarks were provocative and anti-national.The police also told the court that the complainant had claimed to have read Thackeray's remarks in several English and Hindi dailies but their printing press is located in Noida and Sahibabad, UP. \"The complaint has been forwarded to SSP Ghaziabad for necessary action at their end,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509345", "title": "B. Tech graduates find postal department jobs cosy", "text": "HYDERABAD: M Vijay Shankar, 25, is a B. Tech graduate who worked as an application engineer until two years ago in the technology cell of a company that serviced ultrasound machines. He used to demonstrate the working of the devices and the procedure to handle them, working six days a week. Last year, he cleared the postal department's exam and is currently a postal assistant with his workday revolving around administrative routines like collating revenue collections and getting signatures on documents. Boring? Not really, as Shankar says he has job security, a five-day week, not much pressure and a good pay package, something elusive for many engineering grads these days.At 150, the postal department is getting younger with each passing year. For many engineering graduates in the city, like Shankar, the road seems to lead straight from the college to the postal department now. For the upcoming 2012 recruitments, lakhs of application forms have already been issued and downloaded and officials are receiving many enquiries from eager candidates. With the number of students from technical backgrounds applying for vacancies there is a significant increase in applicants in the last couple of years. Drawing the young grads is the increased usage of computers in the department and also job security.Currently, the department has 432 vacancies for which there is a mad rush for application forms. The written examination and recruitments are scheduled for year-end. While in 2009 the department recruited 863 candidates from around 1.75 lakh who applied, in 2010 a whopping 2.25 lakh applications were received from which 1,037 candidates were selected, all aged between 21 and 27. \"Almost everyone who applies for a post in the department now is a B. Tech, M. Tech, BCA or MCA graduate. Before 2009 there were no recruitments since 2001, but even before that, the interest among youngsters to apply for a job here was not even close to what it is today. There is an 100 % increase in the number of young graduates evincing interest in the postal department jobs,\" said M Krishna Murthy, assistant director, recruitment and welfare at the department.Youngsters who have joined the department cite competitive environment in the IT and software industry and the postal department becoming computer-savvy as reasons why they find working in the humble post office attractive. A Murali, 25, said, \"I joined the postal department last year. I have seen many of my friends ending up with health problems due to the high-pressure jobs in private companies. Now, many of them are interested to join the department and have already applied for the upcoming examination.\"The new entrants join at the level of a postal assistant after clearing a written examination with a salary of around Rs 23,000 which could rise to around Rs 45,000 in five years. Their benefits include 100 per cent medical cover, an educational allowance and 18-month childcare leave for women. An increase in dearness allowance twice a year sees a 10% jump in salary every year. Moreover, career growth is good, say employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16510485", "title": "Arunachal rivers in spate, villages inundated", "text": "ITANAGAR: The flood situation in four districts of Arunachal Pradesh is grim with several major rivers and their tributaries flowing above the danger mark and inundating several villages.The situation in Lohit district worsened on Saturday following heavy rain. Floodwaters entered all low-lying villages of Tezu and Namsai sub-division. Rainfall during the past 24 hours was recorded at 411.10 mm.Lohit DC RK Sharma said floodwaters of Tezu nallah entered the town posing a threat to public and private property. The DC directed all officials to remain vigilant for any kind of relief operation. He added that 16 relief camps have been opened in the district where 2,332 people have taken shelter.The district administration has requisitioned a helicopter to rescue marooned people as disaster management teams could not reach many areas due to floods. The situation in Sunpura circle worsened due to continuous rain resulting in erosion and damage to crops. Most villages under the circle have been inundated.In Namsai sub-division, too, many villages are cut off due to floods. The Namsai-Parsuram-Tezu Road is cut off since the last two days. Restoration work is underway but it got hampered due to rain. BRO officials said it will take three to four days to restore connectivity.The swelling Sukha and Tezu nullahs are posing a threat to Tezu and the township is without power since the last two days following the damage of a 33 KV line at Alubari, which is also the lifeline of Anjaw and Lower Dibang Valley districts, besides Sadiya sub-division of Assam.Sharma said an SoS has been sent to the state government for immediate requisition of special sorties to evacuate the marooned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509302", "title": "PM meets President amid Cabinet rejig buzz", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday met President Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday to discuss the current political situation. This was the first meeting after Trinamool Congress withdrew support from the UPA. Though the conversation took place amid talk of a reshuffle, the issue didn't figure. The widely anticipated Cabinet reshuffle is expected anytime before September 29 and, failing that after the inauspicious period of pirtripaksha.Ahead of the shake-up, road and highways minister C P Joshi was given the additional charge of railways.The top ministry fell vacant after the resignation of Trinamool Congres's Mukul Roy. The Bengal outfit left the UPA in protest against Centre's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail and hike fuel prices.Congress has planned to rejig the Union council of ministers in an attempt to give a more purposeful look to the government, seen by many as the last big reshuffle before 2014 polls. While some young ministers are expected to get an elevation, Congress is also toying with the idea of moving some leaders to the party for organizational work.All eyes are on the elevation of Rahul Gandhi. While he is unlikely to join the government, partymen are waiting to see the nature of organizational leg-up that would project him as clear successor to Sonia Gandhi and also the party's PM candidate in 2014.It is learnt that Rahul has sought elevation for some young junior ministers, an attempt at giving a youthful look to the government in sync with party's strategy to pitch the GenNext leader as a youth icon.There has also been speculation about the change of some CMs while the party is also planning to appoint new party chiefs in key state units.While the reshuffle has been planned for a while, the exit of Trinamool from UPA has opened seven more berths for allocation \u2014 six ministers of state and the railways ministry.If Congress plans to fill these berths, it would have more space to accommodate in-house aspirants and better balance its regional and social matrix.The party would look to improve its representation from Bengal after the exit of President Pranab Mukherjee from the government, while there is demand for ministership for the Thakur community from UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511376", "title": "\u2018Only 5-10% Ludhianvis aware of online safety\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ever-emerging technology and the growing number of smart devices may be the talk of the town in Ludhiana, but a majority of users are ignorant of the vulnerabilities of the World Wide Web and social networking websites, in particular. Data obtained from the local police lists just 5-10% end-users who are concerned of their safety online.The peppy smartphones are everywhere and one can often spot youngsters with their gaze fixed on the screens; tapping, touching and scrolling through their digital libraries. Connected 24x7 via anytime-internet, most of them do not have any idea how much information is auto-shared anonymously, when they add friends, distant relatives, and even unknown faces to their network. Maybe they do not care till are drawn into a spell of troubles, and its too late.\"Most complaints are related to Facebook abuse. We keep educating people but the fact is that a very few actually know how to handle these websites well,\" said inspector Manjinder Singh, head of the technical and cyber cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16513537", "title": "New hope for osteoarthritis patients", "text": "MUMBAI: A study on impact of single-shot viscosupplementation therapy among patients of osteoarthritis has shown encouraging results. Osteoarthritis that used to affect only the elderly till a few years back has also come to affect the younger population in the recent years.It is estimated that over 15 million people in the country suffer from knee-osteoarthritis, a condition where the cartilage that acts as a cushion between bones , in joints, begins to wear out. The resultant inflammation and joints pain majorly hit the mobility of patients. Viscosupplementation that uses a biological substance to lubricate and cushion the diseased knee joint is touted as a promising solution to tackle the increasing incidence of the disease. The lubricant allows the patients to gain flexibility in the joints and regain their movement.The Osteoarthritis Synvisc One Indian Post Marketing Study has proved that single-shot viscosupplementation therapy could provide relief from pain for up to twelve months. The medicine, however, showed better results if it was given early. The study was based on 369 knee-osteoarthritis patients from across 36 hospitals in 14 different Indian cities.According to an investigator of the study, Dr. Sanjeev Jain, Consultant Orthopedic and Joint Replacement Surgeon, Dr L H Hiranandani Hospital, Powai, \"India has the second largest osteoarthritis patient base around the world. The OASIS study has for the first time shown the effectiveness of single shot viscosupplementation. Patients can now prevent potential drug resistance due to the indiscriminate use of painkillers, get pain relief for up to 52 weeks and to resume their routine activities with minimal or no side effects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510519", "title": "Woman dies following forced abortion, 5 held", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district police arrested five persons, including a retired government medical officer in connection with the death of Leelavathi, 34, due to complications arising from forced medical termination of pregnancy. Her body was found at Neerapalke of Panjikallu village on Sept 6.She was the daughter of Gopal Poojary, resident of Ponnangila House in Kasba village of Bantwal taluk.The postmortem report indicated the presence of part of the skull of an aborted foetus due to a botched MTP which set the tone for police investigation, superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal told reporters here on Saturday. Dr Hanumanth Rao, retired taluk medical officer, gave Leelavathi an injection and medicines to induce abortion and sent her to a private hospital here for treatment.SP said her cousin Bhasakar Poojary sought Dr Hanumanth Rao's help in terminating the pregnancy, which was due to their illicit relationship. Dr Rao referred Leelavathi to Sadhi Leela alias Leela Karkera, a nurse known to him at the hospital here. Leela with help of Bharathi, a matron there, took Leelavathi who had come with Bhaskar directly to the operation theatre without informing hospital authorities.Bhaskar paid Rs 6,000 to Leela, including the Rs 1,000 commission of Dr Rao. The duo went on to perform the MTP illegally on Leelavathi who suffered intense bleeding later. Bharathi, unable to do anything, called Leela who had gone home. By the time Leela arrived, Leelavathi had died.When Bhaskar was informed about it, he came with his friend Laxman Poojary, an autorickshaw driver. The duo took Leelavathi's body to the autorickshaw. Leela kept with her the cell phone and slippers of the victim and sent the other clothes with Bhaskar, who later dumped her body at Panjikallu and her clothes in a drain at Mandala in Amtady village.The SP set up a team of his officials as well from department of health and family welfare and raided the hospital. There they subjected Leela and Bharati to intense questioning and recovered the victim's slippers. Leela confessed to destroying the cell phone. Police produced Bhaskar, arrested earlier and the duo before the judge who remanded them into judicial custody.A day later, police swooped down on the clinic of Dr Rao at Bantwal and recovered medicines prescribed normally by gynaecologists as well as equipment used by them. Police nabbed Laxman, the auto driver on Sept. 20 and seized the vehicle. They too have been sent to judicial custody, SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511502", "title": "Hollywood finally agrees older people have sex too", "text": "According to Age UK, the sexuality of older people is as unmentionable offscreen as it is on. \"Our research has shown that while advertisers and the media promote sexualised representations of younger people , sex and older age is widely viewed as a taboo subject,\" says Michelle Mitchell, the charity's director general.Or so it was. This week on general release at cinemas is Hope Springs, a mainstream comedy-drama starring Oscar winners Meryl Streep (a ravishing 63) and Tommy Lee Jones (a youthful 66) as a couple who go on a week-long sex therapy retreat in hopes of restoring intimacy to their 31-year marriage. They discuss foreplay, threesomes with a neighbour and attempt fellatio in the back row of the cinema. In other words, it's absolutely filthy.So how did an anti-ageist cultural revolution get started in Hollywood , the Cult of Youth's holiest city? Simple box-office economics , says Joel Hopkins, writerdirector of the 2007 romantic comedy Last Chance Harvey, \"All this buzz feels completely obvious to me. My parents go to the cinema probably once a week. They go way more than I do. I've got small kids.\"From the dawn of the blockbuster era, the most bankable movie-going demographic has been about 40 years younger than Hopkins' target audience.By 2010, however, he'd started downloading films straight to his laptop. An ageing population stepped in to fill empty cinema seats and Hollywood has been unashamedly courting \"the grey pound\" ever since.British filmmakers have proved particularly successful at delivering mature cinema for mature moviegoers. The King's Speech is often cited as an example of the grey pound in action and last year's The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, about the romantic escapes in an expat retirement opened with an impressive \u00a32.2m at the UK box office.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16509931", "title": "4 of family killed in accident", "text": "MALDA: Four of a family were killed and 11 others injured after a mini bus collided head on with an ambassador on Saturday. The bus was then hit from behind by another bus and fell into a pond.Traffic on the state highway was paralyzed for about two hours while rescue operations were under way. The accident took place around 1.30pm at Jamtala while the car was on its way to Harirampore. Golam Yeazdani Choudhury along with his wife, sister and son had come to Malda to see a doctor. On their way back to Harirampore, they hired the ambassador which was hit by the speeding bus on Gazole-Hiliu state highway.While 15-month-old Sayan Choudhury died on the spot, his parents Golam and Jyotsna Yeazdani and Yeazdani's sister Marzina Bibi died at Gazole hospital. Yeazdani's sister Marzina Biwi also died at Gazole hospital. The driver and another passenger are undergoing treatment at Malda district hospital and were reported to be critical.Meanwhile, nine passengers of the bus were rescued from the pond and admitted to Gazole hospital. Locals alleged that the mini bus was coming at a speed and hit the car after the driver lost control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509388", "title": "Cops terrorize civil activists in state: PUCL", "text": "JAIPUR: Members of the People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) on Saturday hold a discussion on combating state repression on social activism in Rajasthan. The speakers expressed fear over false cases slapped by police on social activists and innocent people for raising their voice against the mining mafia, illegal land acquisition and casteism among others.PUCL general secretary Kavita Srivastava said, \"Police has slapped up to 6 FIRs against our activists in Neen Ka Thana. Police terrorizing activists to suppress our movements has become a common phenomena in the state.\"The panel discussion also list reasons for failure of people's movement in the state.Srivastava claimed that the anti-mining struggle in many parts of state is suppressed by state forces in connivance with corporates. An activist from Alwar narrated his tale as to how a protesting group was threatened by police and corporates.The speakers also observed that a section of the media are very selective in picking news articles. \"The insignificant reportage on various issues has killed many movements in the state,\" a panelist claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509382", "title": "SC rejects plea against Deo\u2019s ST status", "text": "NEW DELHI: This could be the last attempt to question tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo's status as a Scheduled Tribe.The Supreme Court has dismissed a curative petition filed by a petitioner, who had failed in his earlier attempts at various levels.The SC recently dismissed the appeal filed by Regu Maheshwar Rao, who accused Deo of possessing a fake tribal certificate. Earlier, the apex court had dismissed a petition challenging the Andhra High Court order upholding Deo's tribal status and then it also rebuffed a review petition.While the latest court order is expected to end Deo's woes, Congressmen suspect the legal intrigues are rooted in Andhra's factional politics, where a strong section has been gunning for the minister. \"Else, why would somebody pursue a baseless case so doggedly?\" asked a senior leader.The questioning of Deo's tribal status had discomfited the party since the senior MP was given the charge of tribal affairs ministry last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16511742", "title": "LPG distributors want foolproof system to check cylinder supply", "text": "PUNE: Distributors of LPG cylinders in the state, including the 125-odd suppliers in the city, may stop home-delivery of cylinders from October 1, if no foolproof system of keeping a record of the number of subsidised cylinders received by a household is worked out by the government soon, said sources in the All-India LPG Distributors' Federation. Following the government's decision to put a cap on the number of subsidised cylinders to six per year, LPG distributors in the state have said that there is no foolproof mechanism to record the receipt of subsidised cylinders at the consumer's doorstep, except the 'domestic consumer booklet' , which is not a dependable system of keeping a record. Pratap Doshi, president of the All-India LPG Distributors' Federation, said, \"There is no foolproof mechanism , whereby the cylinders' received at the consumer's doorstep can be acknowledged, except the booklet which records the deliveries and contains the receiver's signature. So far, there was no need to keep a track of the number of cylinders delivered to a household in a year. After the cap, however, we will have to keep a track of the number of such cylinders reaching a household, and making entries in the booklet is not a dependable system to maintain a record.\" \"Apart from the booklet, the receiver signs on the duplicate cash memo issued by the distributor. There is no authenticated signature in this case. Therefore, a distributor is unable to prove the receipt by a consumer in case of difference of opinion between a distributor and a consumer.\" Doshi said the cylinder, when delivered may be received by someone other than the owner. \"In such a scenario , the booklet will have the receiver's signature, rather than the owner's . There is thus a possibility that the owner can later deny having received the subsidised cylinder and say that the signature was not genuine. Moreover, there are always chances of the booklet getting misplaced . How will the distributor prove that the household is due for the non-subsidised cylinder?\" said Doshi. The federation recently wrote to the petroleum ministry and also met with its officials , asking them to evolve a foolproof mechanism. Usha Poonawalla, president, All India LPG Distributors Federation, Maharashtra, said, \"The LPG cylinder distributors have not received any clear-cut directions on the pricing system or the market rate to be charged on the non-subsidised cylinders till now. As per the communication that we had received from the government, the cap on subsidised cylinders means that each customer will get three subsidised cylinders till March 31, 2013, as the government decision on reduction of subsidised cylinders came in September and the year is already coming to a close. Six subsidised cylinders per customer per year will come into effect after March 31, 2013.\" Poonawalla said every subsequent cylinder that a customer takes this year after the three subsidised cylinders will thus have to be charged as per market price, which is somewhere between Rs 750-800 . \"We have not received any direction on the exact market rate from the government till now. Also, it was reported that Sonia Gandhi had asked all Congress-ruled states to relax LPG subsidy cap from six to nine. We have not received any government direction on the same either,\" said Poonawalla. On the absence of a foolproof mechanism of keeping a record of the number of subsidised cylinders received by a household, Poonawalla said, \"Apart from a 'smart card' and the booklet verifying the receipt of the number of cylinders to a household, there is no other mechanism to keep a record. There are possibilities of these two documentation getting lost. The distributors keep a record of the deliveries and receipt made on their side, but a more foolproof mechanism will be required ,\" said Poonawalla. In the meeting that the federation had with the government , the distributors also asked for an increase in their commission and an LPG cylinder supply based on a single price instead of a dual or triple pricing system. A dual or triple pricing system refers to having separate prices for subsidised domestic cylinders, non-subsidised cylinders as well as commercial cylinders. \"Subsidies should be given directly to consumers by the government instead of making distributors' the mediators,\" said Poonawalla. The federation has asked the government to resolve these issues till September 30 so that consumers are not inconvenienced .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16510090", "title": "Seminar on handling of bulk material", "text": "RANCHI: In a state where road, rail and port infrastructure is still in a nascent stage handling of bulk material, particularly raw materials for steel and power industry is a major concern. Keeping this in mind, experts in the field dealing with bulk handling of raw materials like ore and coal from mines to ports, steel plants and power sectors have congregated in Ranchi under the aegis of Mecon and Institution of Engineers to discuss viable measures.On the first day of the two-day national seminar on advanced technologies in bulk transportations various manufacturers gave presentation of their products which included pneumatic handling system, rapid loading system, downhill conveyer system and advances in conveyer belt manufacturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510273", "title": "Disabled orphans on brink of losing shelter", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the rush to splurge crores of rupees to meet poll promises and organising functions for the same, the state government has curtailed the budget of the disabled welfare department. As a result, many orphan children with multiple disabilities are facing the threat of losing shelter homes set up to meet their special needs.The shelter home for multiple-disability orphans below 18 years of age was set up in January 2011 on the directions of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on a public interest litigation (PIL). Since state government had no special shelter home with expert hands dedicated to the cause, it decided to give financial assistance to non-government-organisations for service to disabled children. The Drishti Samajik Sansthan was given the task to create a shelter home to accommodate at least 50 multi-disabled orphans. It was agreed that the government will pay Rs 2,500 per child per month. Earlier, these children were in the government orphanage at Prag Narain Road with no special facility or expert care and their condition was miserable. After the agreement, around 12 children were shifted from the government orphanage to Drishti's shelter home. Within months, the home received over 55 such children from across the state, most of them abandoned by their parents.But as the number of children increased in the home, the government grants reduced from Rs 14 lakh per annum to Rs 12 lakh. This is money only for medicine, food and clothing and does not include the logistics. Facing a resource crunch, Drishti has written to the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) of Lucknow to take back 15 children. Sources said the disabled welfare department, which was earlier willing to sanction more money to increase the capacity of the home to 75, all of a sudden curtailed the grant. \"Most of these children were bed-ridden in the government orphanage but learnt to walk and take care of their toilet needs within months in the special home. In fact, Rinkoo, a 5-year-old boy, partially deaf, blind and mentally retarded, after six months of training, actually went to meet the Governor and shook hands with him when the latter organised a function for disabled children last year,\" said an officer.Significantly, in 2011, the government had assured the court that more such homes will be developed in the state. Buildings of three at Gorakhpur, Meerut and Bareilly have been constructed but due to paucity of funds, staff has not been appointed. Similarly, the disabled welfare department had promised funds to Nirvan, another organisation running shelter home for mentally retarded destitutes above 18 years of age. But no money was sanctioned in the previous financial year and this year (2012-13) only Rs 8 lakh have been sanctioned against the requirement of over Rs 14 lakh. While principal secretary, disabled welfare department, VN Garg said the department is doing whatever it can to help, sources said the government gave only Rs 30 lakh to the department, of which Rs 12 lakh went to Drishti, Rs 8 lakh to Nirvan and remaining would be used on other heads like publicity, etc. \"The problem is that welfare of disabled is not on government's list of priorities as they are not a vote bank,\" remarked another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510007", "title": "On-board housekeeping staff to keep 2 Nagpur trains clean", "text": "NAGPUR: Two long-distance passenger trains of the Nagpur division of Central Railway will soon have on-board housekeeping services (OBHS), ensuring clean toilets, vestibules and aisles all through the journey.Senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Sumant Deulkar said the two trains - 11402-11401 Nagpur-Mumbai Nandigram Express via Nanded and biweekly 11454-11453 Nagpur-Ahmedabad-Nagpur Prerna Express - will the first to get OBHS services.Long-distance trains that travel for more than 16 hours and are on the move in the early morning hours generally have OBHS services.\"Under OBHS, toilets, doorways and vestibules will be cleaned at regular intervals on passengers' demand. The work will be carried out by trained staff in all coaches with reserved seating. Apart from dry and wet cleaning, the staff will also spray air freshener, replenish soap and deodorize toilets,\" said Deulkar.He said this will help solve one of the major complaints of unclean compartments and stinking toilets faced by rail passengers.Consumer rights activist Avinash Prabhune said almost every alternate train is unclean. \"It will be a good move, but private contractors derail such plans by offering poor services. They (contractors) should be held responsible for the mess. Their bills should not be paid unless a positive feedback from passengers is received,\" Prabhune said.OBHS was planned for all Rajdhani, Shatabdi, Duronto and other important long distance mail/express trains, including Garib Rath, for frequent cleaning of coach toilets, doorways, aisles and passenger compartments while the trains were travelling.However, Deulkar said this facility is not available aboard Nagpur-Pune Garib Rath and Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto.Senior officials said the scheme has so far been implemented in around 300 trains. Important trains identified by zonal railway headquarters are being provided OBHS at first. They said OBHS facility can be provided on trains satisfying some parameters, such as journey time/period, coach type etc.\"Identification of trains for provision of OBHS scheme, as per requirements, is an ongoing process. Cost of provision of OBHS may vary from train to train and depends upon the number and type of coaches and journey time,\" a senior railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16514578", "title": "Air India gives Gulf-bound passengers a harrowing time", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Passengers from Kerala to Middle-East destinations are going through a harrowing time with Air India announcing cancellation of many of its flights since last week.Passengers created unruly scenes at the airport here yesterday when a Sharjah-bound flight was cancelled at the last minute. Though the reason for cancellation was cited as \"technical,\" the flight was learnt to have been diverted for Haj operations to other states.Airport sources said though many flights would have to be diverted for Haj pilgrimage, only the Air India management was to be blamed for last-minute cancellations as the Haj operations are all pre-planned.Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy and KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala protested the frequent cancellations and charged AI with levying \"exorbitant fares\" from Gulf-bound passengers. They wanted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to intervene in the matter and prevail upon the authorities concerned to make alternative arrangements.Chandy, in a statement here, said he had brought the matter to the Prime Minister's notice at the recent 'Emerging Kerala' event in Kochi. Chennithala sent a letter to Singh, seeking his immediate intervention to find a solution to the problem.Shashi Tharoor , MP, representing the capital in the Lok Sabha, also criticised AirIndia, saying, \"The goodwill of the national carrier is at stake\" by ignoring the plight of passengers, some of whom faced the prospect of losing jobs.Travel agents say it is incomprehensible why AirIndia cancels flights in busy and profit-making sectors like the Kerala-Gulf region, leaving out lean sectors in other parts of the country where even fuel cost was not being recovered from flight operations.Most flights cancelled are AirIndia Express flights, 90 per cent of which were being operated from Kerala.AirIndia had cancelled 168 flights from three international airports in Kerala -- Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode -- to Gulf destinations from September 17, Kerala State Travel Agents Association president K V Muraleedharan said.Scores of passengers, including those who had to report for duty and join new postings in time, are now running from pillar to post to find other flights. Seizing on the chance, private airlines have begun increasing fares to the Gulf steeply, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510838", "title": "10-year-old girl electrocuted", "text": "BHOPAL: A 10-year-old girl electrocuted after she came in contact with an electric pole in Lambakheda village on Friday evening.The local residents staged a chakka jam after incident and demanded an action against the officials responsible for the minor's death. They alleged that the electricity board officials did not turn up to check the electric pole despite complaining a number of times.The deceased has been identified as Prabha Namdev. She was a student of class IV. The police said she was walking to home from a shop in the village when she accidentally touched the electric pole and was electrocuted.She was rushed to a private hospital where she succumbed, the police added. The local villagers on Saturday staged a chakka jam on Baresia road and held the electricity officials responsible for the incident.The protesting villagers demanded compensation for the family, besides registration of a criminal case against authorities responsible for the incident, the police added.Driver singedIn another incident of electrocution, a truck driver was singed after the vehicle came in contact with a high-tension line and caught fire in Khajuri area on Saturday afternoon. It was second such incident in the area in the past one month.The police said a truck of BGF transport gutted near village Teela Khedi after coming in contact with the high- tension line, which was at a lower altitude than usual. The truck went up in flames before its driver Ram Dulhare could understand anything. Later, he was taken to a private hospital where his condition is stated to be critical. A month ago, another vehicle had come in contact with high-tension line in the same area. The police did not rule out the possibility of registering case against electricity department this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509165", "title": "Lawyer goes shirtless, shouts slogans at PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-second shirtless protest briefly delayed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's speech at the high security Vigyan Bhawan on Saturday before stunned security personnel quickly led the protestor out of the venue.Lawyer Santosh Kumar Suman's protest had shades of Salman Khan, although he did not bare his chest having worn a vest. Seated just four rows from the podium, Suman climbed on to the table, took off his shirt and shouted thrice in quick succession \u2014 \"PM go back! Roll back diesel price hike!\" \u2014 just as Singh reached the mike.The protest was over in a jiffy but it brought home some measure of popular resentment over price rise and fuel rate hikes at a time when the government is basking in the glow of much-needed reform measures after having taken on its prickly ally Trinamool Congress.A senior police official said Suman gained entry to the venue using a \"proper\" invitation card. ``The special cell, IB and the special branch carried out a background check and then we let him go. No cases were pressed against him. We had instructions from the PMO to ensure he was not harassed,'' claimed a source.As Suman shouted, the PM looked on and began his speech only after security personnel took the advocate, who is registered with the Supreme Court bar Association, out of the hall.An air of disbelief at the unexpected intrusion was apparent on the faces of those seated on the podium, including Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia, CJI-designate Altamas Kabir, law minister Salman Khurshid, Justice Swatanter Kumar and Attorney General G E Vahanvati.The Delhi High Court had imposed a cost of Rs 1 lakh on Suman for filing a frivolous petition against the PM last year. Hailing from Bihar, Suman appealed against the cost but the Supreme Court on September 27 last year had dismissed his petition. His review petition, too, was dismissed by the SC on January 17 this year.Suman has been on the Delhi Police radar for a while, having previously protested the Batla House encounter. A resident of Shakarpur in east Delhi, he has been practicing at the Patiala House court. His neighbours in the cramped east Delhi neighbourhood say Suman always fancied politics. ``He told us that he was from the batch of 1997 of the TNB law college of Bhagalpur where he was a president of the students' union. Here, he was the president of the Delhi Pradesh Rashtriya Janta Dal Legal Cell,'' said a neighbour.\"He has always been with the RJD and did not switch his loyalty even after Lalu Prasad was voted out of power,\" he added.The police said Suman was questioned for close to five hours at the Tughlak Road police station after the SPG completed interrogating him immediately after his protest.Meanwhile, RJD chief Lalu Prasad swiftly disbanded the Delhi unit. \"I strongly condemn it. Santosh Kumar Suman was made a member of the party by the Delhi state unit without verifying his credentials. He was made the in-charge (of the legal cell) one-and-half-year back,\" party chief chief Lalu Prasad told PTI from Patna.Prasad's close associate and party MP Ramkripal Yadav said, \"RJD is with UPA and cannot allow any such act. This has nothing to with our party. Somebody did it as an individual and we have taken action.\"Arch-rival JD(U) backed Suman saying the protest by the young lawyer was an act of 'satyagarah' (protest for truth).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509957", "title": "IRS officer's laptop seized", "text": "NAGPUR: IRS officer Nishant Kullulathil, who was arrested on Thursday by Gittikhadan police on charges of filming obscene acts with his wife, who too is a trainee IRS officer, will be kept in police custody till September 25 as per court's order.On Wednesday, after his wife's complaint, police had registered offences of unnatural acts, dowry and harassment against Nishant, his mother Rama and sister Rupa, all residents of Bangalore.A team was sent to Bangalore on Wednesday evening. Nishant and his family had fled from home, which was locked when the cops reached there. However, despite pressure from senior politicians and senior police officers not to arrest Nishant, Gittikhadan police team acted swiftly and arrested him from his friend's residence at Bangalore. He was brought to the city on Thursday night.He was produced in the court on Friday. On cop's request, he was given police custody till September 25. Police said that though Nishant has been denying the charges, they have collected evidence against him. Cops have seized a laptop with obscene videos in it.Cops said Nishant also had extramarital affairs. Sources said that many obscene video clips and pictures were found on his laptop. The cops are still searching for Rama and Rupa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509681", "title": "Land grant in Challakere challenged", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen ordered notice to the state government, DRDO, IISc, Isro, Barc (Mysore), KSSIDC and KHB with regard to a PIL challenging the government's grant of 8,932 acres of land to these institutions at various villages in Challakere taluk of Chitradurga district. The bench also asked the government advocate to inform the court whether any land is left for cattle grazing.The petitioners, All India Kisan Sabha, Karnataka state committee, claimed these lands are essentially gomaal (pasture) lands used for grazing of cattle/sheep, a major occupation in an arid area where the average annual rainfall is only 573mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509236", "title": "CPM rules out Third Front", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Saturday scotched speculation of renewed efforts to form a Third Front with non-Congress, non-BJP parties.The bandh against FDI in retail, diesel price hike and cap on LPG cylinders on Thursday saw a line-up of leaders at Delhi's Jantar Mantar brought back memories of the United Front. Besides leaders of four Left parties, including CPM general secretary Prakash Karat, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu and JD (S) chief Deve Gowda marched together and courted arrest.Given their past experience, CPM is wary of a Third Front including regional parties. The Left parties had a bitter experience in 2008 when their friend Mulayam saved the Congress-led UPA 1 after they withdrew support on the India-US nuclear deal issue.CPM's 20th party congress held at Kozhikode in April has not talked of the third alternative. It restricted cooperation with regional parties to issues and fighting against government's policies.Speaking to TOI, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"We will have joint movements and cooperate with non-Congress and non-BJP parties on an issue-to-issue basis both in Parliament and outside. We can have united actions on people's issues to widen the movement (as in the case of opposition to FDI and diesel price hike).\"Veteran CPI leader A B Bardhan said Left parties will strive for a Left and democratic alternative. He called the current political manouevring as the beginnings of a struggle against the government's neo-liberal, anti-people policies.\"We want non-Congress, non-BJP parties to widen the struggle. But, we are not insisting on anybody to withdraw support from the (UPA) government,\" said Bardhan.In the age of coalition politics, these regional parties could join Congress or BJP-led governments at the Centre depending on their interest in the state, said a CPM leader.\"These parties represent interests of the regional bourgeoisie and the rural rich. The politics of many of these parties are marked by opportunism in their attitude to the Congress and the BJP,\" the CPM said in its political resolution adopted at the congress.For instance, Mulayam's support to the UPA 2 is spurred by gains for UP where his son is heading the government. In July, the Centre cleared a Rs 45,000 crore package for UP.Left parties, however, did not rule out a post-poll alliance with non-Congress, non-BJP parties depending on their performance in the Lok Sabha elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509081", "title": "SCR announced cancellation and diversion of trains", "text": "HYDERABAD: SCR announced cancellation and diversion of trains on the Kondapuram-Tadipatri section of Guntakal division from September 24 till October 7. Guntakal-Hindupur and Hindupur-Guntakal passenger trains are cancelled. Mumbai CST-Kanyakumari express, Kanyakumari-Mumbai CST express, Chennai Egmore-Kacheguda express, Kacheguda-Chennai Egmore express, Kacheguda-Chittoor, Chittoor-Kacheguda Venkatadri express trains, Tirupati-Hazrat Nizamuddin , Hazarat Nizamuddin-Tirupati AP Sampark Kranthi trains, Mumbai CST-Nagercoil and Nagercoil-Mumbai CST Balaji express will be diverted.Details of changes in schedule of the cancelled and diverted trains can be found on www.scr.indianrailways.gov.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16511193", "title": "Woman among 4 held with 2.5kg opium", "text": "PANCHKULA: District police have arrested four persons, including a woman of Delhi, and recovered 2.5kg opium milk worth around Rs 5 lakh from their possession in Sector 15 on Saturday night.According to sources, accused were identified as Jitender, Chetan alias Babbu, Ayub Khan of Madhya Pardesh and Anita of Delhi. Accused Ayub Khan is MP-based opium supplier, sources added. The elder brother of Chetan, Parveen Kumar, has already been arrested for opium smuggling in January but released on regular bail on July 27, 2012. Jitender and Chetan are residing in a rented accommodation in Sector 15, where the raid was conducted.Inspector Pradeep Rana, head of the detective staff, said, Accused Chetan is the brother of narcotic peddler Parveen, who had been arrested and was on the police radar for last three months. Prima facie, accused Anita was being used by Ayub Khan without disclosing that they were in the illegal trade of opium smuggling.All four accused would be produced in the district courts on Sunday. Police are also going to questioned the house owner who had rented the house to Jitender and Chetan.Notably, Hakam Rai, another drug peddler, had moved an application in Punjab and Haryana high court seeking CBI enquiry against Panchkula police for releasing Parveen on bail after accepting a bribe of Rs 36 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509171", "title": "Hyderabad old city in the grip of dengue", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is a dengue outbreak in several parts of the Old City and the cases are spiraling since three days or so. Around 17 cases have been reported in Chanchalguda alone in the last 24 hours. Residents say that the entire Old City is in the grip of the deadly viral fever.Alerted by public, GHMC officials decided to take up a cleaning drive as well as initiate fogging measures in the affected areas. The authorities announced that a team of specialists from the Institute of Preventive Medicine will collect samples of suspected dengue cases free of cost at M N Area Hospital, Malakpet, between 9 am and 1 pm daily. If necessary, a special ward will be created in M N Area Hospital to treat dengue cases, said Amjed Ullah Khan, Azampura corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511019", "title": "Corpn soon to shift wholesale, retail veggie markets", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has finally started acting on its proposal to shift out the two major markets in the city, the MGR whole sale vegetable market and the Aringar Anna retail vegetable market from the busy Mettupalayam road to 25 acre vacant land available near the old corporation dump yard in Kavundampalayam. City Mayor SM Velusamy and senior corporation officials have conducted an inspection of both markets and the proposed site.But traders, especially the ones from the Anna retail market are apprehensive of suffering losses if they are forced to operate alongside wholesale traders in the proposed market complex. As per the existing proposal of the municipal corporation, both retail and wholesale market will be erected opposite each other as a new integrated market complex to reduce traffic congestion on Mettupalayam road.\"We are planning to officially submit a petition to the mayor and corporation commissioner in the coming week asking them to reconsider their plan to have both the retail and wholesale market at the same location,\" said CA Wahab, Secretary, Mettupalayam Road Retail Market Traders Welfare Association.The retail traders claim that if both wholesale and retail markets are integrated then a considerable chunk of their customers will be lost to wholesalers as there will be a price difference in vegetables and all other commodities. The retail traders procure the goods from the wholesale market and then sell it to customers with a marginal hike to accommodate the transportation, loading, unloading and other processing charges.\"If there is absolutely no other alternative then we will have to arrive at a consensus and introduce specific timings for both markets to protect our business interests. We will also submit a petition to the city mayor highlighting our grievances,\" said CR Sreenarayanan, organiser, Saibaba Colony Traders Association, another traders' body operating at the Anna Retail Market.The present retail market is spread across 1.45 acres near Sai Baba Colony police station. There are about 450 traders with allotted shops and around 150 others to whom the existing traders have 'sublet' the space adjacent to their shops in the market. The conditions of the lease agreement are renewed every year and the present renewal will expire on April 2013.The traders at the market claim that they supply goods on retail to around 5000 other traders on a daily basis and at least 1000 people walk into the market complex for purchase on a daily basis for direct consumption. The market stays open from 4am to 11 pm every day. There is an average movement of goods worth RS 30 lakh from the market on a daily basis which might go up to Rs 40 lakh on special occasions and festival days.Meanwhile the merchants and traders at the MGR wholesale market claimed that there was a need to immediately shift the market to a spacious area. Traders are forced to leave their commodities outside the allotted shops without any protection from natural elements till it is loaded and despatched. The market is one of the major centres for the distribution of vegetables from Mysore, Bangalore and other parts of Karnataka to both Coimbatore and Kerala.\"We have been assured of proper facilities at the new market including better storage space and also retiring rooms and toilet facilities for the workers,\" said KM Mohammed Sharfudeen, an onion merchant at the market.Anna Retail MarketAvailable space- 1.45 acresShops- 450Total number of traders operating out of the facility 600New proposed market complexLocation- Kavundampalayam, near old dumpyardArea- 25 acresBetter parking and basic amenities assured to the traders", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16510252", "title": "Chief minister seeks new norms for special category status", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Indirectly conceding the point that Bihar may not be able to get special category status under the existing criteria, CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday called for setting up a new committee of experts to fix a new criteria for granting the status to Bihar and other backward states.Addressing a meeting at the packed Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here in course of his 'Adhikar Yatra', the CM said, \"We demand a committee of experts to fix a new criteria for granting special category status to Bihar and other states which are far below the national average on various human development indices. Without the development of poor states, India cannot progress.\" He urged people to think and dream big for a better future.The tone and tenor of his speech suggested that though the elections are two years away, Nitish was in election mode. He asserted that the demand for special category status, for which he has launched a mass movement, has nothing to do with politics or election but is for a greater cause. He asked people of the state to unite on the demand.He invited at least one person from each family of the state to come to Patna on November 4 to attend his party's `Adhikar' rally at Gandhi Maidan. \"Come and give me strength to raise a forceful voice for special category status,\" he said. \"Patna ko pat dena hai (fill Patna),\" the CM said. People, who waited for him for over two hours despite a drizzle, clapped.Chiding a section of the crowd which raised slogans in support of its petty demands, the CM said he had set off for a bigger cause and the demand, once granted, would solve all the problems, He recalled his efforts to push forward the demand since 2006. His party, the JD (U), had collected 1.25 crore signatures and submitted them to PM Manmohan Singh. Thereafter, an inter-ministerial group was asked to look into the demand, which eventually rejected the demand.Some stray discordant voices were heard during the meeting. \"Will the special category status check corruption,\" wondered a district JD (U) office-bearer, Anil Kumar. He said despite the CM's best efforts, corruption was growing. However, Prakash Mahto, a farmer, said. \"Nitishji, I am told, is doing big things and we want education and employment for our children, work for ourselves and water for our fields.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513338", "title": "Slow down!", "text": "Nona Walia finds out about 'The Slow Movement' that's asking people to take a few steps back from the hurdle race, and enjoy every moment of their lives.Each one of us has felt it \u2014 the sheer exhaustion that envelops us as we rush through the day completing chores at home, beating the traffic, meeting deadlines in office and multi-tasking. At the end of the day, we may realise that we have matched the pace of the ticking clock, but lost a lot in the bargain \u2014 whether it's peace of mind, our health or the satisfaction that one derives of a job done well or a day spent well. Fareed Zakaria , one of the most-respected journalists in the world, after being recently accused of plagiarism, and being too busy to check the details of his column, said, \"It forced me to rethink my heavy workload and slow down.\" Pop diva Rihanna said in a recent interview that she was so overworked during the making of her recent album that instead of a creative high that every artiste has the right to experience and enjoy, she felt sick. \"I realised I needed to cut back on work, slow down,\" she said. TV actor Sanjeeda Sheikh explains, \"People like us in the television industry are always on the run because there is this feeling that if we slow down, we will miss out.\"Why go slow?However, that life in a hurry is superficial is being felt by people these days, and it's because of this reason that the 'The Slow Movement' (see box), a cultural revolution that began in the West in the mid-1980s, is fast catching up. The basic idea is to cut back on speed, slow down and derive satisfaction out of work, rather than just finishing it in a hurry.Mumbai-based textile designer Padmaja Krishnan is part of this global movement. \"Slow Fashion looks at all that's useless and discarded. I choose techniques that are slow and not fully controllable. I'm against mass consumerism and don't believe that you need 20 outfits. My fashion doesn't follow trends or seasons. I take time and joy in making clothes,\" says the head of Transit Studio. Jogi Panghaal, a slow design activist from India, says he has bridged the gap between traditional craft and modern design by being a part of the same movement. \"I learn the traditional skills of tribal artisans and combine them with modern technique. Our process is slow and we believe in conserving,\" says the NID graduate.In 2001, Time magazine rated the Slow Food Movement as one of the 80 ideas that shook the world. The movement has found its takers in India too. Vandana Shiva , who owns Slow Food Cafe, in Delhi, says, \"We make food from organic produce and use ingredients that are fast disappearing from India. For eg, we make pizzas and crepes from ragi and upma.\"Fad or necessity?Slowing down isn't just a fad or a luxury. Neither does it mean one's inefficient or ineffective. It's more of a necessity. Believing in this movement does not mean one undoes all the advantages technology has offered to make life easier; it simply professes one should live life fully, at a slower pace. It asks each individual to own his existence. The aim is to find the right pace for each part of our daily routine.In a recent poll, half of the British adult population confessed that their hectic life caused them to lose touch with their friends. Latest neuro-scientific research too suggests that the human brain is not very good at multi-tasking. Says psychiatrist Dr Avdesh Sharma about multi-tasking, which is professed as a super-positive trait in today's world, \"There's a tendency for people to be less and less mindful. Texting while driving, eating while talking on the phone, reading and listening to music at the same time... it's exhausting. And you derive pleasure out of none of the activities that are keeping your mind occupied. What's the point?\"In his best-selling book, In Praise of Slow: How A Worldwide Movement Is Challenging the Cult of Speed, Canadian journalist and author Carl Honore talks about the negative impact of life in the fast lane. \"Today, one can do a course on speed yoga, speed dating, speed meditation, but the fact is that you can't hurry up relationships.\" He says in the bargain, parents and adults apart, children also suffer. \"Children need slowness even more than adults do. It's in the moments of quiet, of unstructured time, of boredom even, that kids learn how to look into themselves, how to think and be creative, how to socialise. We are doing a great disservice to our children by pushing them hard to learn things faster and by keeping them so busy. They need time and space to slow down, to play, to be children.\"Rushing against time also has medical repercussions. Cardiologist Dr Anil Bansal explains as we inch closer to the World Heart Day (September 29), \"Fast-paced life isn't heart-friendly. Stress increases cortisol in the body and puts one at an increased risk of a heart problem.\"Slow is the new fast", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510855", "title": "Nitish on \u2018Vidai Yatra\u2019, says state Congress chief", "text": "PATNA: State Congress president Choudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser on Saturday said that CM Nitish Kumar is on his 'Vidai Yatra' and not on Adhikar Yatra. Kaiser, in a press release issued on Friday said JD (U) workers held demonstration in front of their party office in the state capital to protest black marketing of fertiliser exposing the state government.The BPCC chief said on the one hand, the entire state is reeling under water and power crisis, while Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) is collecting super charge in Patna for uninterrupted power supply.He said even the state capital is facing acute power supply. There has been spurt in incidents of murder, kidnapping and rape, while Nitish has made the special category state status to Bihar a political issue, he remarked. The state congress president said that people have become aware of his political intention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509823", "title": "Fighting against 'flesh trade', 59-year-old ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: Threatened by youths for filing a police complaint against them, a 59-year-old citizen committed suicide by consuming poison at his Dwarkapuri residence in Rameshwari on Saturday morning. Ramakant Dharkar, a retired government employee, has complained to the police that the tenant of his neighbour was running a 'prostitution racket'.In his suicide note, he mentioned that his neighbour Namdeo Tayde was also involved in the illegal business run by his tenant Preeti Raut. Following Dharkar's two-page suicide note in which he named Tayde and Raut, Ajni police has registered a case of abetment of suicide against them.A retired clerk of irrigation department Dharkar wrote in the note that despite many complaints, cops failed to take any action against Tayde and Raut. Tayde and his team had threatened him of dire consequences to take back the complaint.\"The youths had warned me many times to take back the complaint. They even claimed that they will involve my name in the business and ruin my image in the society. Before they could manipulate the case, I am taking the drastic step to bring the truth before police,\" Dharkar wrote in the note.He also claimed that police failed to take strict action against culprits and instead settled down the complaint.Dharkar's suicide irked many residents who gathered at his residence and blamed police for inaction and demanded police to immediately book the culprits. The residents claimed that since last nine months, they have been noticing many girls and boys moving around Tayde's house. They said that their doubts were confirmed when they saw some girls and boys drinking and dancing together at Raut's room.Dharkar, who was interested in social activities, asked Tayde about it but was sent back. Hence, on August 9, Dharkar with 26 others filed a police complaint. Though cops showed no interest, Dharkar repeatedly visited the police station and pursued the case. His relatives claimed that since last few days, some youths were threatening him to take back the complaint.On Saturday morning, while Dharkar was having tea some youths entered his house and threatened him. An hour later, Dharkar's wife Panchkula, a head mistress at zilla parishad school in Bhandara district found him frothing and vomiting in his room. Police rushed him to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), where he was declared brought dead. The couple has an adopted son Vikrant (14).\"He had helped many people. He was the first person to take initiative to file a police complaint. Others supported him. Hence, the neighbour and his team were threatening him,\" said a relative of Dharkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16511236", "title": "Ansari blames media for negative branding", "text": "TRICHY: Thamim Ansari, the man from Thanjavur whom the police suspect to have had links with Pakistan's espionage agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has expressed regret over being branded a terrorist. \"The media has made me a terrorist overnight,\" he told TOI while being handed over to the court after the 24-hour police custody ended.Minutes before he was handed over to judge, S Kirubakaran Mathuram by the Trichy 'Q' branch CID on Friday, Thamim claimed he was framed by the police for coming into contact with Shaji, the importer of his vegetables in Sri Lanka. Thamim alleged that Shaji owed him Rs 27 lakh in business dealings. \"I have visited Sri Lanka five times so far, and I might have brushed shoulders with the wrong people during luncheon meetings,\" he said, when asked if he had come into contact with any terrorist in Sri Lanka. \"How do I know, if someone is a terrorist or not? All I wanted was my dues from my business partners and I had to undertake several trips to claim them,\" he said.Thamim also made it clear that he was arrested on September 16 at Trichy airport minutes before he was to board a flight to Colombo. \"At the time of my arrest, all the evidence I had with me was my mobile phone and travel bag,\" he clarified. Asked why there was no anger and uprising in favour of him either from the Students Federation of India, or from the CPM with whom he was once associated, he said, \"Wait, the truth will come out.\"In the FIR, police stated that Thamim was picked up from a bus stop near TVS Tollgate. He was allegedly in possession of a lot of evidence that could have proved espionage for the ISI. This later led to Thamim's lawyer, Kennedy crying foul that the police was dramatizing the case.Police have been watching over Thamim for well over eight months and they feel have captured a potential threat to the security of the country. Police also intercepted telephone conversations Thamim had with his associates over the last six months and his own corroborations would now form the foundation of a future chargesheet. At this point, Thamim has been booked under Sections 3, 4, and 9 of the Officials Secrets Act and Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC.The police did not disclose where Thamim was taken to for the Friday-Saturday interrogation. However, during the 24-hour court-granted police custody, \"they treated me in a friendly manner,\" Thamim said.Interestingly, Thamim does not vouch for Shaji, his business associate in Sri Lanka and conceded that the latter might be whoever he was interpreted to be. As for the pictures of important strategic locations found in his possession, he said, \"I am a member of the Tamil Nadu Science Forum (TNSF) and took to photography as a hobby. I do have ambitions to make a feature film. I had taken pictures of Ooty when I had gone to potato farms as an exporter of potato and onions. I have never visited Visakhapatnam and Mallippattinam naval base is close to my home in Thanjavur,\" Thamim said.Meanwhile, Kennedy on Saturday presented an application to the judge at the court of JM-II that he was not allowed to meet his client, nor was he intimated about the whereabouts during the one-day police custody. He also complained that the police had made inquiries at his own residence and asked his family members a number of questions which, he said, had no relevance to the case.Meanwhile, police remained tight-lipped about Ansari's claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16511781", "title": "Sky\u2019s the limit this season of giving", "text": "PUNE: What's the connection between renowned Tamil composer Illayaraja's career and a giant eggless chocolate cake ? Not much except that on October 2, a team of chefs in Chennai will assemble a 100-metre-long cake that will bear photos of around 950 films that the legendary composer has scored music for . Taking a cue from their successful photo cake fund-raising event last year , Chennai's The French Loaf , a bakery that is part of Oriental Cuisines Private Ltd, will bake a photo cake weighing around 1,000 kg this year too, as part of the Joy of Giving Week . Each kilo of this cake will cost Rs 1,500, and the proceeds will go to Ekam Foundation , a Chennai-based NGO working to provide medical support to underprivileged children . \"People are already reserving slices of the cake depending on their favourite films and scenes ,\" reveals CEO Narendra Malhotra . The photo cake , however , is just one of several unique ways in which corporates and NGOs are planning to raise funds during the Joy of Giving Week this year . CORP (Community Outreach Programme ), which aims to provide a platform for the holistic development of children and women , is also hoping to enter the hearts of donors through their tastebuds . \"As part of our initiative 'Cookfor a Shelter ,we are asking peopletoinvitetheir friends home , and cook for and with them ,\" says Stefano Funari , an Italian . \"We expect you to show them how to cook some of your signature dishes,\" he adds , \"The guests , who will know in advance about the charity event , can then make a small donation anonymously .\" The proceeds would go to CORP's Thane shelter which takes care of 30 underprivileged kids. Another way of ensuring the development of youth is to give them a constructive avenue for self-expression . That's why Delhi's Milaan , an NGO working with marginalised children , will throw open the gates of its rural school Swarachna , near Lucknow for its 'Aao Paint Kare , Kuch Change Kare' campaign . \"People between the ages of 13 and 35 wuill be invited to paint the walls of the school along with the children ,\" says Divya Sharma of Milaan . A 'Tree of Oneness' bearing the imprints of the children's palms is another highlight of the initiative . Bangalore's Lakkasandra Ashwini Mahila Sangha (LAMS ), an NGO working for the empowerment of women , is hoping to leave an imprint , not on walls , but in the minds of 30 victims of child labour . The NGO plans to take these children to The Aircraft &amp; Systems Testing Establishment , an Air Force establishment in Bangalore . These are minors who once worked as labourers , but are now habilitated by the National Child Labour School at Gurappanpalya in Bangalore . \"I want to see the joy on their faces as they get a feel of the fighter jets and choppers there ,\" says Fatima Lawrence , president of LAMS . \"This joy is our satisfaction and contribution towards the Joy of Giving Week\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16511322", "title": "Kids rock on \u2018Grandparents Day\u2019", "text": "DUGRI: Smiles were writ large on faces as students of Tiny Tots Playschool celebrated the cheerful occasion of \"Grandparents Day\" on Saturday. A lively campus lit up to the magic of the moment and echoes of laughter rang through the air when kids took the stage, all dressed in vivid shades.The audience included nearly 60 grandparents, who seeing their merry little ones perform for them, recollected their childhood memories, making it a very special day for them. The celebrations began with recital of the mool mantra by students Trimaan Singh, Devamjot, and Harjup Singh. And later, Sayra Manga, Asheen, Prabhveer Singh and others performed songs like \"Daadi Amma-Daadi Amma\" and \"Naani Teri Morni\".Shrishti Chabbra, 3, recited a poem for dadi while Vandita, Ekamjot and Ananya dedicted poems to their grandmas. Boys performed a medley on \"Bodyguard and Desi Boys\", appreciated by all.Reality show finalist Davinder Pal accompanied the students and met the grandparents. A retro dance wherein children dressed up like Rajesh Khanna and Sharmila Tagore to reminisce the Golden Era, earned applaud.Davinder dedicated many old hits to kids and their grandparents. \"A family is complete with grandparents. Their blessings are priceless,\" he said, joyfully.Trimaan's grandmother Bhupinder Kaur, 55, who is a resident of Dugri, \"It was a remarkable initiative. We felt very special, It was pleasing to see the little ones dance, and our feet tapped as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510189", "title": "Standing committee up in arms against civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: In a first of its kind in the history of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the standing committee adjourned its meeting condemning the absence of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.The apex financial body also directed the administration to issue show cause notices to six high-ranking officials for their absence.Explaining the reason behind the decision, chairman of the standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said that Wardhane is yet to attend a meeting since taking charge. \"Proposals come to the committee after the consent of the civic chief who too is the implementing official. The presence of the municipal commissioner may pave the way for proper decision-making and implementation of financial proposals. Wardhane was present in the office and left for NIT before the commencement of the meeting. Officials present in the meeting enquired and informed about Wardhane's presence in NIT. But he was not present even at the NIT,\" he said.A large number of proposals related to increase in revenue are pending with the civic chief since a long time. \"Wardhane is neither rejecting the proposals nor giving approval raising many questions. Even other officials have started skipping meetings. Six officials who are heading various departments were absent without any intimation. A few more remained absent citing one reason or the other. Such an attitude towards the apex financial body is condemnable,\" said Tiwari.Meanwhile, Wardhane expressed shock over the standing committee's decision and said that he was present in his office throughout the day. \"I went to NIT to finish urgent work related to mantralya. The time to go to NIT was fixed well in advance. I have been given additional charge of NIT for a few days. Anyone can go and check my signatures to confirm my presence,\" explained Wardhane.He added that according to the norms, it's not mandatory for the civic chief to attend the standing committee meeting. According to section 46 of the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act, the municipal commissioner is the principal executive officer of the NMC and it's not binding on him to attend meetings.Sources told TOI that the standing committee started its meeting very late. \"According to the agenda, the meeting was to start at 3.30pm sharp. Before he left for NIT, Wardhane was in his office till 4.30pm. Few members of the standing committee attend the meeting on a regular basis,\" said sources.Justifying the delay in starting the meeting, Tiwari said that members were stuck due to heavy rain. \"No proposals are remaining with the panel for the next meeting. Wardhane is sitting on many proposals. I fear that there would be no new proposal in the next meeting,\" said Tiwari.Keeping the state government's latest guidelines in mind, Tiwari holds the meeting of the standing committee once a week.Meanwhile, mayor Anil Sole has called for a meeting of the general body on September 28. The proposal to introduce the capital-based property tax, which is already running two years late, will be on the agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16510701", "title": "Crime during festival stumps locals", "text": "MUMBAI: The daylight ambush and robbery of a Santa Cruz businessman that happened while senior police officials were in the suburbs, at the Santa Cruz and Khar police stations to hear citizen grievances, has left local residents baffled. Some wondered what security they can expect if such a crime can take place during Ganeshotsav, when police security arrangements are beefed up.\"The police are rarely seen on this road but after today's robbery, there were several policemen around. Even a police vehicle was stationed,\" said Paramjeet Chadda, a resident.Almost all policemen's leave stands cancelled during the 10-day festival. Several of them have been asked to patrol the streets, some on foot. Many move around in mufti in the crowds and public places. Saturday's incident has, therefore, left the Mumbai police red-faced.Vishwas Nangre Patil, additional commissioner of police (west region), was at Khar police station and Feroz Patel, assistant commissioner of police (crime branch), at Santa Cruz on Saturday.Last week, Mumbai's new police commissioner, Satyapal Singh, had done a special review of the increasing crime, particularly cases of chain-snatching and robbery. Singh even said that he had asked all police officials to invoke the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) and the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities (MPDA) Act on habitual chain-snatchers.In recent times, the city has also witnessed a series of senior citizen murders, three of which took place in September alone.K S Parshuraman, an 89-year-old man, was strangled to death at his Chembur flat on September 18. Navraj Kwatra (65), son of the late Punjabi writer Amrita Pritam, was killed at his Borivli studio on September 14. Daksha Daftari, a 68-yearold woman, was found murdered at her Ghatkopar (East) flat on September 7.Times View: Walk the talk, end street crimeThe type of street crime we have seen in Mumbai over the past few weeks flies in the face of the promise of greater security we got during the change of guard at the commissionerate. That criminals have stopped factoring in the time of day (Saturday's incident occurred a little after noon) or place before plotting a crime indicates what they think of our police force. Crime has been there in Mumbai; but the brazenness with which it is carried out now does not bode well for the city and its citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16511432", "title": "Orientation meet for academic counsellors", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day orientation programme for academic counsellors organised jointly by Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU), Varanasi regional centre, and Staff Training and Research Institute of Distance Education (STRIDE), IGNOU, New Delhi began at the Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (IAS-BHU) on Saturday. About 50 academic counsellors are taking part in the programme.The programme was inaugurated by IAS director Prof Ravi Pratap Singh, who, in his inaugural address, exhorted the academic counsellors to deliver their best in imparting practical knowledge and developing the skills of students enrolled under distance learning education courses.Speaking on the occasion, Prof PK Bishwas of STRIDE highlighted the organisational structure of IGNOU and development of distance learning. Describing IGNOU as the biggest open university of the world, he also spoke about the importance of different courses and study materials. Dr Manjula Saxena, deputy director (regional services), IGNOU New Delhi, highlighted the role of academic counsellors in student support service in distance education. She also spoke about the importance of tutoring and counseling in distance education.In his address, the regional director, IGNOU Varanasi, Dr Amit Chaturvedi said that the Varanasi regional centre of IGNOU came into existence on January 7, 2008. Today, there are 47 study centres associated with Varanasi regional centre in different districts including Ambedkar Nagar, Kishinagar, Azamgarh, Maharajganj, Ballia, Mau, Chandauli, Mirzapur, Deoria, Sant Kabir Nagar, Ghazipur, Sant Ravidas Nagar, Gorakhpur, Sonbhadra, Jaunpur and Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16508913", "title": "\u2018Barfi!\u2019 to represent India at Oscars", "text": "MUMBAI: Anurag Basu's Barfi! has been selected as India's official entry to the Oscars this year. The movie was chosen from the 20 entries sent from the country. L Suresh, of South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce said, \"There was a long deliberation over the choice, but most members voted for Barfi!\"Siddharth Roy Kapur, MD -Studios, Disney UTV, said, \"We are honoured that Barfi! has been selected for the 2013 Oscars. This is the 4th UTV film in the last 7 years to be selected.\"The others in the running were Kahaani, The Dirty Picture,Paan Singh Tomar, Gangs of Wasseypur 1 &amp; 2, Heroine, Ferrari Ki Sawari, Gattu and Anhey Ghorhey Da Daan (Punjabi). Three Marathi films\u2014 Kaksparsh, Deool and Tukaram\u2014 were also sent. Balaji Sakthivel's Vazhakku ENN 18/9 and Rajmouli's Eega were shortlisted as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16510006", "title": "Bokaro station to get food plaza", "text": "BOKARO: The railway station here is soon going to get a food plaza like other big cities of the country. The passenger amenities will also be enhanced to 'A' category level.Chief commercial manager, South Eastern Railway (SER), J N Jha on Saturday assessed passenger amenities and other activities in Bokaro station and visited Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) to take a stock of the railways' activities.Finding that Bokaro station is situated outside the township and lacks good food plaza which has become a concern for passengers, Jha said the railways would initiate a process asking the IRCTC to install a food plaza here soon. \"There are a lot of passengers travelling from Bokaro railway station and for them we are soon coming up with a food plaza,\" he said.During the inspection, Jha came across with some lapses like absence of door-frame metal detectors in the station which is raising security threat. The officials, however, told Jha that Bokaro railway was the highest revenue earner in Adra division. Around 5,000 passengers use the station and about 32 trains originate or pass through it.Talking to mediapersons, he said Bokaro railway station was categorized as 'A' grade station but had barest minimum amenities as per its status. \"There is a need to enhance the facilities to reach the desirable level. The railways is slowly taking up the work. The Bokaro railway station will be provided with all essential amenities which it deserves to become a category 'A' station,\" said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509970", "title": "Tea workers demand Puja bonus parity", "text": "KOLKATA: Come Puja and the tea garden unions are at loggerheads with the garden owners.This year being no exception, more than 36 unions - including the Left-affiliated unions and the GJM-affiliated Darjeeling Terai Dooars Plantation Labourers Union (DTDPLU) - have put forward a demand of 20% bonus across categories.However, the owners of tea gardens in North Bengal said it was quite impossible for them to give uniform bonus across all categories of gardens.\"We had a bipartite meeting with the unions and they have asked for 20% bonus across all categories. But this needs to be changed. The operational results for the year 2011-12 were not the same across all categories because production was down,\" said Monojit Dasgupta, secretary general of Indian Tea Association.ITA has been entrusted with the task of negotiating the bonus for around 180 gardens in North Bengal that have trade unions.There are four categories of gardens depending on the crops and the financial position of the gardens depend on the production. Arun N Singh, managing director (operations) and chief executive officer of Goodricke Group, said: \"We can pay 20% bonus to the A and B category gardens without any problem. But for the gardens in Dooars, we are not in a position to pay 20%. We expect some relief in bonus percentage for those gardens.\"But reliefs seem impossible as Suraj Subba, general secretary of DTDPLU, said they were firm in their demand for 20% bonus across all categories and will not change their decision. \"All the labourers are equal. Garden workers in Terai and Dooars are no different from the labourers in Darjeeling. Thus all should be given the same bonus,\" he added.He said that they will discuss and negotiate the issue with the garden owners until they agree to the labourers' demands. The next meeting is scheduled on September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509278", "title": "How Shukla saved Rao govt in 1992", "text": "NEW DELHI: If Congress seems unfazed by the loss of support of Trinamool's 19 members in Lok Sabha, it is for a good reason. The nonchalance stems from the way its Narasimha Rao-led government lasted its full term from 1991-1996 despite being short of majority at the beginning of its tenure. The person, who was tasked with marshaling the magic figure, the then parliamentary affairs minister, Vidya Charan Shukla, is confident that Congress would sail through this time as well.Relaxing in a south Delhi apartment, away from the din, bustle, machinations and backroom parleys of Lutyens' Bunglow Zone eighty-something Shukla talks in pauses and retains an institutional memory. He is busy writing his \"no holds barred memoirs\" these days, so personalities and sequence of events come easily to him. He speaks of how he as the parliamentary affairs minister during P V Narasimha Rao's minority government saved it on numerous occasions and most crucially in June, 1992.Shukla says after the 1991 election, Congress government was in minority, needing over 10 MPs to cross the danger mark. \"I had to keep myself vigilant during Parliament session and off it. I had four able ministers of state - Jayanthi Natarajan, Margaret Alva, Rangarajan Kumaramangalam and Mukul Wasnik - who used to meet people and bring them over to me,\" he says, stressing that \"people\" stands for MPs.Shukla says the Rao government drew its sustenance from Ajit Singh's Lok Dal, which had 20 MPs. \"I had made informal arrangement with Singh that he would never issue whip. He kept his word and I used to draw from his 20 MPs.\"But the real crunch came during the no-confidence motion of June, 1992. \"It was a high-voltage drama,\" he recounts. He remembers sitting with then Speaker Shivraj Patil for number crunching only to find that ayes and nos were evenly balanced. \"Patil's casting vote would have helped us. But it was a dishonorable position. I wanted to change that,\" he reels off. He remembers getting a chit from the PMO that said four Jharkhand Mukti Morcha MPs would also vote in favour of government. \"Including them we were equal,\" he explains.What made it worse for Congress was pressure from a large section of Lok Dal MPs, who wanted a whip be issued. \"To avoid the expulsion we needed seven Lok Dal MPs to side with us. My job was to find out who were against the whip. It included Ram Lakhan Singh Yadav,\" Shukla remembers. Yadav was contacted by Shukla and promised a Cabinet berth and an assurance on this from Rao. A day before the no-confidence motion, Yadav came with six other Lok Dal MPs. But despite Shukla's insistence, Yadav did not let his MPs be kept under government's safe custody.Next day, as the debate began, Shukla to his \"horror\" discovered one MP from Yadav's camp was missing. \"I told the Speaker to let every member speak for as long as they want and give chance to everyone.\" Hectic backroom parleys had begun. Shukla and his four lieutenants began searching for one MP who would bail the government out, and found a member from western UP. On being brought to Shukla's room, the MP immediately asked what he would get in lieu of support. \"I promised him chairmanship of parliamentary committee, foreign trips. I used permissible inducements under parliamentary system. No money was discussed. Finally, Ghulam Nabi Azad was roped in to convince the MP.\"Twist in the tale happened minutes before voting. It was discovered that an MP from Odisha was \"no position to understand the voting system\". \"MPs sitting on his either side were opposed to Congress. We had no way out. So, he was told the colour of button that had to be pressed. But his fingers went on the middle button, so it was read as abstention.\" As many MPs could not cast their vote, Vijayaraje Scindia of BJP took control of the Odisha MP. Wasnik and Kumaramangalam followed her. Even as Scindia was arguing with ministers, tellers (parliamentary staff who were collecting voting chits from MPs) came and asked the MP about his vote. He said he was in favour of government. \"We won by 14 votes,\" Shukla remembers with a glee. Few months later, he says, Ajit Singh with a depleted flock approached Shukla and requested that with seven MPs already gone, the rest 13 should also be taken. Singh became a minister and government was in majority. Shukla's name did not figure in any investigation. His permissible inducement had worked wonders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510650", "title": "1010 way to check 'mobile' Romeos", "text": "LUCKNOW: Next time you receive a phone call by any unidentified caller, bothering you for nothing, you don't have to switch off your telephone to get relief from the nuisance. Uttar Pradesh Police has launched a dedicated phone line (1010) service to deal with the nuisance of harassment of women by unidentified mischief mongers using cell phones. The service will initially be available for the people of Lucknow and would be extended to the other districts of the state in a phased manner.Particularly aimed at providing relief to the women, who receive mischievous calls from unidentified numbers on their cell phones where the caller makes all sorts of advances without the fear of being trapped, the victims will be assured complete confidentiality and their details will be remain a secret with the workforce associated with the special team.Inspector general (Crime) B Prasad said that the service was launched looking at the quantum of complaints related to harassment of women by unidentified callers on cell phones. He said that a special team of police officers will be deputed for the service, who will have the jurisdiction of the entire state to operate. \"For the first complaint, the caller will be let off after a serious warning. But, if he continues with the nuisance, then harsh criminal proceedings will be initiated against the individual,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509062", "title": "Vasant Dhoble goes after illegal cylinders", "text": "Mumbai: Less than a week after he was shifted from the social service branch to the Vakola division, assistant police commissioner Vasant Dhoble launched a crackdown on eateries in Santa Cruz on Friday.The Vakola police said the raids were conducted on Nehru Road and Golibar Road no. 6 late on Friday. Dhoble was patrolling the area when he noticed some food vendors hawking their wares.\"It was found that three vendors were using commercial LPG cylinders that were purchased on the black market, and two meant for domestic use,\" an official said.Three accused were booked under Section 285 (negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter) of the IPCand five cylinders were seized. The accused will be produced before a holiday court on Sunday. Dhoble has instructed his staff to keep tabs on hawkers who illegally use cylinders. \"Such illegal use could cause harm and even lead to casualties,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510481", "title": "M Veerappa Moily bats for PM on Cauvery issue", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for corporate affairs and power M Veerappa Moily on Saturday flayed the BJP government for criticizing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his comment on Cauvery water dispute.\"It is not fair to criticize the prime minister on the basis of his statement. Let the state government defend the issue in the Supreme Court. Let chief minister Jagadish Shettar show his shrewdness in the Supreme Court,\" Moily told reporters here.Defending the UPA government's decision of allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail market, Moily alleged that Trinamool Congress and the BJP were criticizing the move only with objective to gain political mileage out of the issue. \"FDI was a part of the manifesto of Trinamool Congress, but now they oppose it for political gain,\" he alleged and added that FDI in retail market will benefit the common man and farmers in the country.To a query, Moily said the Congress will not welcome B S Yeddyurappa to their party fold under any circumstance. \"There is no place for opportunists and casteists in the Congress which is a secular party,\" he added.Later, at a district-level youth convention held under the aegis of Nehru Yuva Kendra, Moily said India will be a nation of youth power in 25 years.\"America had chalked out programmes for youth about 200 years ago and now it is a nation of youth. However, America will become a nation of the old when India becomes a young country. There is a need for inculcating the spirit of nationalism amount the youth in India. Youth should become the social and political power of the nation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16511384", "title": "An elephantine riddle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: When the Odisha government announced an increase in the elephant population in the state three months ago, quite a few were surprised. The findings showed 1,930 pachyderms now lived in the state, compared to 1,886 two years ago. Paradoxically, Odisha has on an average been losing one large mammal each week, leading wildlife experts to question the government's figures.Although Odisha accounts for a significant number of the total elephant population in the country, elephants lead a precarious existence in the state. In May this year, a group of wildlife activists claimed that they had uncovered an instance of mass killing of elephants when they found remains of four large mammals inside Similipal tiger reserve. Only a month before that, in April, a forest staff had found a dead female elephant inside the reserve. Ten elephants died in Simlipal in 2010, following which a National Tiger Conservation Authority-constituted committee submitted several recommendations to the government. \"The state has implemented very few of the recommendations we made,\" says noted wildlife activist Biswajit Mohanty, who was a member of the committee. He also refuses to accept the government's latest elephant census figures. \"No statistical check was conducted. We don't agree with such claims,\" he says.So how does the government justify the figures? Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), J D Sharma, points out that while elephant deaths are taking place, births are also being recorded. \"Inter-state migration, especially from Jharkhand, has also increased. We believe at least 25 elephants have moved into Keonjhar and Sundergarh districts from outside because the condition of forests in our state is comparatively better than that of our neighbours,\" he says. \"The population of tuskers vis-a-vis females in Odisha is the best in the country, leading to better growth rate of the animal,\" he adds.Still, elephant casualties have become a major headache for the government and a cause of concern for wildlife enthusiasts. By the government's own admission, 51 elephants died in 2009-10, while in 2010-11 and 2011-12 that figure stood at 83 and 66 respectively. In 2012-13, at least 30 pachyderms have already perished, official sources say.\"The major reasons for high elephant deaths are electrocution, railway accidents and poaching besides natural causes like ageing and heatstroke,\" says Odisha forest and environment minister Bijayshree Routray. \"Damage to elephant habitats and corridors as well as rising mananimal conflict are responsible for the casualties.\"\"Earlier, there were only a few trains that ran through major elephant corridors in Angul, Keonjhar and Sambalpur. But now a number of passenger and goods trains crisscross these areas, putting the elephants at serious risk,\" says Sharma, citing a railway mishap on August 16 in which three elephants were killed in Keonjhar as an example.Experts also cite the loss of habitat, putting forest land to other use, the increasing frequency of trains, irrigation projects, a rise in electricity connections, changing demographic patterns in and around forests and irrational allocation of land for mining as threats to elephants.Poaching for ivory accounts for a third of elephant deaths, say activists. \"It's a three-stage operation. The killings are mostly done by local people, who in turn send the stuff to national level operators based mostly in the Northeast. From there, it is sent to different parts of the world primarily via Nepal,\" explains a fieldlevel forest official. While the modus operandi of poachers is known to the authorities, not much is seemingly being done to prevent it from happening. \"Sometimes we are helpless. We suffer from serious manpower and infrastructure handicaps. Forty per cent of the sanctioned posts are lying vacant. Moreover, poachers nowadays are equipped with latest weapons which we cannot counter,\" says a forest officer, adding that apart from traditional rail and road routes, illegal traders are sending elephant tusks, which have been cut into small pieces and packaged, by post after labelling them as ayurvedic medicines. \"We lack a dedicated forest intelligence setup to curb such activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509781", "title": "64 spots in Hinjewadi to get CCTV cameras", "text": "PUNE: Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras will be installed at 64 locations under the Hinjewadi police station limits with help from commercial establishments and other organizations.Deputy commissioner of police, zone three, Shahji Umap said police had appealed to the owners of commercial and other private establishments who have CCTV cameras on their premises to put a few more at adjacent chowks and roads as a security measure. The appeal has received a good response, he said.\"We will not need footage from the cameras every time. We will need it only when there is suspicious activity or if any untoward incident has taken place,\" he added.Satish Deore, senior police inspector, said, \"There are many private establishments in the Hinjewadi police station limits that have installed more than six CCTV cameras on their premisesfor safety reasons. We convinced them to install one or two cameras at nearby locations. Many agreed and some have already installed them.''Some social workers have also volunteered to install about 60 cameras at chowks and on roads at Wakad, Hinjewadi, Thergaon and Bavdhan.Deore said there is need to install more CCTV cameras in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad for safety. Both the civic bodies will give financial assistance to police to install the cameras. \"We expect around 1,000 CCTV cameras to be installed from the financial assistance,\" he said.Umap said that the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has been directed to install CCTV cameras along the immersion procession routes in the municipal limits like Pimpri, Chinchwad, Sangvi and Bhosari.Pimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande had earlier announced that the civic body would install CCTV cameras at 18 locations in the city during Ganeshotsav. PCMC wireless department chief T Naronha said, \"The civic body will install CCTV cameras on the immersion procession routes in Sangvi, Bhosari, Moshi, Pimpri, Chinchwad, Nigdi, Thergaon and other areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510003", "title": "Govt removes Maharashtra Nursing Council chief Mali", "text": "NAGPUR: For the fourth time in a row in the last three years the state government appears to be moving towards dissolving the Maharashtra Nursing Council (MNC).The government on Friday issued orders removing the council president Ramlingam Mali from the post and handed over the charge of the council to the director of the directorate of medical education and research (DMER).According to DMER director Dr Pravin Shingare, Mali ceases to be a member of the council as he does not qualify for the post legally. \"He was elected on a teacher's constituency seat but he took VRS from the post. Later, he joined a private college and now he is not even a tutor there. So he cannot continue as a member. And once he is not a member he cannot be the president of the council,\" he told TOI.Dr Shingare said that if would have been elected from a registered constituency he could have continued as the president. The decision has been taken straight form the government and the directorate was just holding the temporary charge.Meanwhile, an agitated Mali said that he had not decided on his future course of action. \"I have not planned anything as yet. I am not commenting anything now,\" he said.Sources in the council inform that some other members in the council have also been issued notices by the government. \"It is really disheartening that the government does not allow good and honest people to work. This is the fourth time that such an action has been taken. It appears that the government is again in the process of dissolving the council. Our president does not succumb to political pressure. The medical education minister and others in the government want us to clear sanction of colleges which do not deserve to be recognized. But when the council refuses, such actions are taken,\" said a council member.The state government has dissolved the council thrice in the past three years but every time the council has got interim relief. \"The council is not dissolved as yet. It is very much there,\" said Dr Shingare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16511295", "title": "It\u2019s for more academic freedom: Delhi University vice-chancellor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh opposes the notion that introduction of a four-year degree system is unique to the university. And on the teachers' allegations of lack of consulations and even any communication, the man at the helm of Delhi University assures that all those who need to know will be told about it and their approval sought.\"This is nothing new. IISER (Indian Institute of Science Education and Research) and IISC (Indian Institute of Science) already have fouryear-degree programmes. Yes, this is the first time a university of the size of DU is going for it. On why we are introducing it, I would like to put on record that we are not imitating anyone but responding to the need of the nation and society. We (DU) can't be removed from it as we are a publicly-funded institution.Moreover , we would also like to give the students some degree of freedom through this programme. Also teachers should be allowed to play the role of true mentors. The programmes will be glued to the Gandhian premise where a significant part of the course will be knowledge through action. The key to these courses will be the trans-disciplinary approach,\" said Singh.The VC says a majority of the teachers know what's going on and a large pool of teachers is, in fact, engaged in developing the structure before it is placed before the statutory bodies for approval. \"I have personally interacted with over 4,000 teachers. Is that not consultation? Seven hundred of them are working in smaller groups, fine-tuning the details and holding meetings for hours. There has been an academic congress meeting too. Now, based on all this, we will actively engage all the teachers in consultations. No process will be violated and we will give all the freedom to the teachers to frame the curriculum. We will place it before the academic council for approval. If it approves , we will implement. I alone can't decide what to implement,\" said Singh.On a more fundamental question whether the present 10+2+3 system, which is a national policy, had become completely obsolete that it's time for such radical reforms, Singh said no system has become obsolete but it is an initiative to give students a higher degree of freedom in academics. \"We should embrace all noble ideas, no matter from where they come. I have interacted with hundreds of students of Sanskrit at a personal level. I find they have an urge to also study mathematics, computer science and political science. So far, not one of them had got a chance to meaningfully engage with these subjects. We want them to see Sanskrit in action,\" said Singh.\"Today, I find every student in this university is a job-seeker . It is incumbent on us to create entrepreneurs, who will create jobs and opportunities. It is incumbent on DU to institute a platform for innovation,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16509437", "title": "Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers' Union -Khalsa College spat intensifies", "text": "AMRITSAR: Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers' Union (PCCTU) has blamed the Khalsa College governing council for not taking any step for quashing the FIR against teachers and employees of colleges during their agitation against the move of Khalsa college authorities to convert it into a private university despite a signed agreement with teachers that they wouldn't pursue any legal action against them.PCCTU general secretary Kuldeep Singh said on Saturday that police had already issued notices to 21 teachers to appear before the court in connection with the FIR lodged against them by Khalsa College Managing Committee.PCCTU president professor J R Prashar said, \"Instead of making any effort to get the FIR quashed, the Khalsa College authorities are pressurizing the teachers to sign an agreement for tendering an apology . It is being conveyed to the teachers that the managing committee will proceed for the withdrawal of cases only after getting the apology statement signed.\"State executive member and former general secretary of PCCTU professor H S Walia said he would never sign such one-sided agreement. District president professor G S Sekhon blamed the college for adopting double standards and also appealed to the managing committee to save the academic atmosphere from vitiating by immediately taking steps to withdraw the cases against teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16511434", "title": "Nomination filing for Benaras Club election today", "text": "VARANASI: The filing of nominations for the election of new managing committee of The Benares Club Limited will begin on Sunday and continue till September 25.According to ADM City and returning officer for the election, MP Singh, the scrutiny of nomination papers will take place on September 26. The candidates would be allowed to withdraw nomination on September 27 and this process will be followed by the display of final list of candidates and also the sample ballot.The voting will be held between 10am and 4 pm on September 30, followed by counting of votes and declaration of results the same evening.Singh said that model code of conduct for the candidates has also been disclosed. He said that negative and offensive posters, banners, letters and SMSes would be strictly prohibited and in the case of violation of this rule by any candidate, disciplinary action would be initiated.Any candidate can display five posters at the places designated for the purpose. Such posters would be removed on September 28.No canvassing material and fire arms would be allowed inside the club premises on election day, he said, adding that only registered club members would be allowed to enter the club premises by showing their identity card during the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509136", "title": "Close shave for Shivpal Yadav as plane skids off IGI runway", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's younger brother Shivpal Yadav and five others had a narrow escape on Saturday when the aircraft in which they travelling skidded off the runway at IGI Airport.Sources said the incident took place around 11.30 am when the private aircraft VT-UPN, a Beecham Premier 1A belonging to UP government, landed at the airport's secondary runway 27/09. \"There was some problem with the landing gear as one of the rear wheels didn't open when the pilot tried to land. Once the aircraft landed, the one wheel that had opened broke on impact with the runway. By this time, the second rear wheel also finally opened but that too broke. The aircraft was carried by its nosewheel for almost a kilometre before it skid off the runway into the grass where it was dragged on for another 10m or so,\" said sources.The aircraft was carrying Yadav, SP general secretary Rajendra Choudhary and party member Ashok Yadav, pilots Rajesh Nagar and GP Singh and crew member Devendra Singh. All six were taken to the Medanta centre at the airport where they were given first aid. Doctors said none had sustained any serious injury.\"The accident could have been potentially fatal had the aircraft caught fire,\" said sources. \"The belly of the aircraft is severely damaged after being dragged on the runway for almost a kilometre. The only thing that saved the people inside was that it skid onto the grass. The pilot did not inform air traffic control of any problem when he was given clearance to land. He might have detected the problem with the landing gear just as he was about to land. The matter is being investigated by the directorate general of civil aviation,\" said sources.A team from DGCA was sent to the spot in the afternoon and a probe has been ordered into the incident. After the incident, the runway was closed for traffic till 8 pm but operations at IGI remained unaffected as two other runways were available.A Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd spokesperson said: \"At around 11.30 am, a private aircraft of UP government was damaged upon landing on runway 27. Emergency services swung into action and we can confirm that there was no fire or casualties.\" Shivpal Yadav was reportedly on his way to Masuri in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509167", "title": "Green panel tells developer to stop work at Kurla bus depot", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra state level environment action committee (SEAC) has asked developer Rashesh Kanakia of Kanakia Spaces to stop redevelopment work on the 7.7-acre Kurla bus depot as the company had started construction without securing an environmental nod for it. The SEAC has further asked for action to be taken against the erring developer. The panel said that work on the project can begin only after the civic body approves the developer's demand for transfer of development rights (TDR) on the plot. \"As there had been no environment clearance for three years, BEST asked me to start construction after I got the commencement certificate from civic authorities. BEST was in a hurry in the absence of a building to park their buses,\" Rashesh Kanakia has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16509972", "title": "Better National Highway by 2013", "text": "BOKARO: Chief engineer of state national highway (NH) Murari Bhagat on Saturday said the condition of the highways in the state would improve by March 2013. Bhagat came to Bokaro to hold a review meeting with his officials here. Hewho reviewed various projects He said repairing and construction work of the highways were in full swing and would be completed soon. \"This time we are strict in allotting road construction works to the companies and have minimum three-year guarantee for the quality of the roads,\" Bhagat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510785", "title": "Hawk's eye on road Romeos", "text": "PATNA: Beware Romeos! Patna police will be hawk-eyed on the roads and near educational institutions to check the menace of eve-teasing which is still a big problem for the city girls, especially in evening hours when most of the street lights remain out of order.\"Five vehicles named Hawk Mobile and one as Romeo Mobile have been deployed in the city to keep a tab on ruffians and criminal activities in the city,\" said Patna SSP Amrit Raj.According to the SSP, Hawk Mobile vehicles have been patrolling between 8pm and 12 am in night on five routes of the city because this is the time when criminals try to take advantage of the situation.\"The Romeo Mobile comprises female constables and it keeps moving during the school and college hours. It has been started to keep a tab on eve-teasers and check antisocial elements from passing lewd and vulgar comments on girls,\" the SSP said.Eve-teasing and passing remarks on the girls are very common in the city, especially near girls colleges and coeducation institutions. \"Boys often touch us and walk away. They pass vulgar comments. It is irritating when people stare at us,\" said Supriya Lal, a college student, adding, \"The concept of Romeo Mobile is definitely good. But there are a large number of girls and coeducation schools and colleges in the city. I wonder whether one vehicle would be sufficient to curb such activities?\"Another student, Mandvi Jha said, \"I am a native of Sitamarhi district. I read in the newspapers to dial 100 in emergency. But what will they do once any untoward incident happens with a girl.\"Vinay Sarawgi, a resident of Patliputra Colony said, \"I wonder whether only five Hawk mobiles would be able to check crime and that too in the night. The concept is good but it should have been implemented with a higher number of vehicles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509053", "title": "'Harassed' school staffer attempts suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: A computer operator working at Narayana E-Techno School, Attapur, attempted suicide on Saturday at her residence in SV Nagar, Bahadurpura, due to alleged harassment by her principal.Bahadurpura inspector M Tirupathanna said that Rudra Madhavi, 25, attempted suicide by consuming phenyl. \"Madhavi consumed phenyl at her residence and fell unconscious. Her husband Aravind immediately shifted her to OGH. Her condition is stable,\" police said.In her statement to police, Madhavi alleged that school principal Prasad and vice-principal Ranjith were reprimanding her for even minor mistakes.Tirupathanna said that they were yet to question the persons named by Madhavi in the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16515091", "title": "Police fail to recover any explosives from Barapind", "text": "Jalandhar: Even as he was booked and arrested under Explosives Act, for Waging war against the State and total 15 sections of different and stringent criminal laws were slapped on him on the basis of \"credible information\" Jalandhar (Rural) Police have failed to recover any explosives from SGPC member and SAD (Panch Pardhani) president Kulbir Singh Barapind till Sunday morning that is more than two days after his arrest.Though he was charged for sedition- waging war against the country and police had claimed in a Phillaur court on Friday while seeking his police remand that seditious literature was recovered from his house police failed to provide any details of the seditious literature to the media till late Saturday late evening though it was repeatedly asked for throughout the day.Police carried out digging in the courtyard of his farmhouse in village Barapind. Women police constables have been deployed at the house where his wife Khushvir Kaur is living alone. Contrary to the usual practice of playing big even while recovering poppy husk or some other narcotics or after catching some petty criminals police officials of the district are not very forthcoming on the issue despite such a big catch and unravelling of a terror plot as was claimed in the FIR.When asked SP (Detective) Rajinder Singh said that they had not recovered any explosive as yet. \"Search is still on,\" he said. Asked about the list of seditious literature he claimed that the literature had been sent to an expert for examination.Police had booked Barapind for sedition, Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, Explosives Act, Arms Act and conspiracy to revive terrorism a day after he was taken into preventive detention by Nawanshahr police on Thursday in the wee hours. Police had claimed to recover a pistol from his house on Friday morning. However his wife Khushvir had alleged that it was plant by the police and had ridiculed the police claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511367", "title": "Farmers flock legal aid stall at Kisan Mela", "text": "LUDHIANA: Farmers turned up in large numbers to acquire basic legal knowledge on issues related to their lives at the free legal aid stall set up at the two-day Punjab Agricultural University 'Kisan Mela'. The two-day mela concluded on Saturday.The stall \u2014 set up Punjab Legal Services Authority (PLSA) \u2014 saw the agriculturists seek information on court marriage, court protection, RTI Act and advice over issues concerned with land and property.PLSA member secretary Munish Singal said farmers registered their names for free legal aid in large numbers. \"The purpose of the service will be accomplished only if people from the remotest areas, who do not have any legal knowledge, receive help,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16510193", "title": "Pol murder case: 482-page charge sheet filed", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Local crime branch has filed 482-page charge sheet against 17 accused involved in Tirupati Pol murder case. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Pol was hacked to death in broad day light in Ghugus on June 28 by a gang of contract killers sponsored by his rival in coal trade Sheikh Haji.The case was handed over to LCB for investigation following inaction of Ghugus police. LCB in-charge AR Pipre investigated into the case and one after other arrested 17 persons involved directly in the murder, those who helped in the crime and those who sheltered the accused in the case.Main accused Haji Sheikh was arrested during the course of investigation after minor shoot-out in Deoli. Investigation officer Pipre on Friday filled the charge sheet in the court. Sources claimed that at least four accused in the case are still at large and manhunt for them is underway.Nine externed from WardhaWardha: To maintain law and order during Ganeshtosav City Police have externed nine antisocial persons out of Wardha till September 30. The nine persons are: Vishal Ramteke (28), Liyakat Ali Nisar Ali (27), Rakesh Pande (22), Paresh Sahu (26), Dipak Wasnik (20), (all residents of Itwara), Manoj Jaiswal (30), Poddar Bagicha, Mayur Daf (22 of Ramnagar), Prakash Jadhav (22 of Hindnagar), Pramod Ganjare (51 of Mhada Colony). A copy of the order has been forwarded to the SDO.Police inspector Vijay Kuhikar said, \"To maintain law and order during Ganesh festival and to avoid any inconvenience to public we decided to 'tadipar' the nine persons. Some of them were selling illegal liquor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16510366", "title": "Notice to Goa state infrastructure development corporation to demolish 19 Margao toilets", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao urban health centre (UHC) has issued a notice to the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC) asking them to demolish 19 illegally constructed toilets at the construction site of the new district collectorate building.Margao UHC officials along with Margao municipal council (MMC) officials had conducted a site inspection last week following which they issued a notice under Section 40(1) of the Goa Public Health Act, 1985 to GSIDC.\"You are directed to stop letting out the sewage or any other offensive matter into the open. You shall take every possible action within a period of seven days to dispose your sewage in a sanitary manner and prevent stagnation of the same. If failed to pay heed to the notice, actions will be taken and water and tap connections will be disconnected,\" read the notice.Locals are up in arms and point out that though the notice was issued a week ago, nothing had been done and that the toilets had not yet been demolished.Local councillor Bertha Cardozo who filed the complaint with the MMC and Margao UHC pointed out that sewerage from the toilets was flowing into the open drain .GSIDC officials said they will act on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16510076", "title": "3 killed as tunnel collapses", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Three persons were killed inside a tunnel allegedly dug up at a hillside for illegal excavation of semi-precious stones in Haidyan forest under Gurabandha police station, about 60km from Jamshedpur.The bodies of Baidyanath Murmu (45) and Jhapal Murmu (55), residents of Asanboni village about 5km from the spot, were dug out of the tunnel with the help of an earthmoving machine on Saturday. \"Two bodies have been recovered while the third is likely to be dug out soon,\" said SSP Akhilesh Jha. The body of Ravi Murmu (35) is still trapped inside the tunnel.According to the police the three got trapped inside and was buried alive on Friday afternoon when the tunnel suddenly caved in because of long spells of rain. \"The rescue operation couldn't be launched on Friday due to heavy rains,\" the local police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16510107", "title": "After investors' meet, it's time for 'emerging tourism'", "text": "KOCHI: Close on the heels of the Emerging Kerala meet, the city is all set to host Kerala Travel Mart (KTM) 2012. The seventh edition of the biennial event aims to give first-hand info on tourism prospects in the state and would begin on September 27.Around 2,196 buyers including 508 foreign players comprising airline personnel, tour operators, and travel agents are expected to attend the four-day-long meet to be held at Hotel Le Meridien. For the first time, tour operators from Ukraine have evinced interest in KTM. \"We are expecting buyers from almost 50 countries, a majority of them from Germany. The largest number of domestic buyers would be from Gujarat, Delhi and Mumbai,\" said Riaz Ahmed, general convener and president, KTM Society.At KTM 2012, there will be 108 tables, 296 modules and 12 houseboat parking bays. All the houseboat parking bays, modules and tables have already been sold out. Over 416 sellers from the state would represent the tourism sector of the state.\"They will introduce the buyers to new things that Kerala tourism has to offer such as culinary tourism. Our chefs now teach tourists staying in our hotels and resorts to prepare local food,\" said Ahmed. Tours have also been organized for interested buyers at Bekal, Kozhikode, Wayanad, Munnar, Thekkady, Kumarakom, Alappuzha, Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram.The tourism lobby, however, admitted that in the mart they would be selling old wine in a new bottle. \"We will be showcasing our houseboats and the Ayurveda treatments available in the state, besides exhibiting some new properties which have the potential to attract tourists,\" said a source in the tourism sector.Kochi: Kochi is going to host another mega event as the four-day Kerala Travel Mart 2012 would begin here on September 27. Around 2,196 buyers are expected to attend the seventh edition of KTM. Of these, 508 are international buyers comprising airlines personnel, Mice consultants, tour operators and travel agents.And once again, Hotel Le Meridien would be the venue of the event.For the first time, tour operators from Ukraine have shown interest in the travel mart. \"We expect buyers from almost 50 countries, a majority of them from Germany. The largest number of domestic buyers is from Gujarat, Delhi and Mumbai,\" said Riaz Ahmed, general convener and president, KTM Society.At KTM 2012, there will be 108 tables, 296 modules and 12 houseboat parking bays. All the houseboat parking bays, modules and tables have already been sold out.\"There are 416 sellers from Kerala who would be representing the tourism sector in the state. They will introduce the buyers to new things that Kerala tourism has to offer such as culinary tourism. Our chefs now teach tourists staying in our hotels and resorts to prepare local food,\" said Ahmed. Post mart tours have also been organized for interested buyers at Bekal, Kozhikode, Wayanad, Munnar, Thekkady, Kumarakom, Alapuzha, Kollam and Thiruvanthapuram.The tourism lobby, however, admitted that in the mart they would be selling old wine in a new bottle. \"We will be showcasing our houseboats and the Ayurveda treatments available in the state, besides exhibiting some new properties which have the potential to attract tourists,\" said a source in the tourism sector.\"It is an opportunity for us to generate more business and attract more tourists to the state,\" added Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16510558", "title": "Arms smuggler held in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Acting on a tip off, Government Railway Police (GRP) sleuths arrested Ramavadesh Singh (46), an arm smuggler from the New Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express at Guwahati railway station on Saturday morning.The GRP found three 9mm pistols with six magazines, two mobile phones and one bank ATM card on the smuggler. Two of the pistols are made in Austria while one is made in Czech Republic .Singh, a businessman who hails from Dhanbad in Jharkhand , was on his way to Patna from Dimapur in Nagaland.GRP sources said Singh was the king pin of a racket that smuggles gun from Nagaland to various parts of Bihar and Jharkhand. \"Singh was in our radar for a long time. On hearing that he was carrying a consignment from Dimapur, we succeed to arrest him here,\" said a GRP official.According to the security officials, the arm smugglers from Dimapur are presently selling huge cache of arms to various parts of eastern India.\"Dimapur has always been known as the hub of illegal arms trading in the NE region. And now eastern India-based groups have also started to build their nexus with the agents here. They appoint some local traders of Patna, Ranchi, Jharkhand, Katihar who usually travel to Dimapur for business as gun runners. These businessmen also get their respective shares and have become a part of the racket,\" added the security official.The GRP sources said that the foreign-made pistols are sold for around Rs 2 to 4 lakhs each.The GRP earlier arrested a Nagaland police constable involved in an arms smuggling case. Police identified him as Pradeep Kumar (36). He was arrested with two Chinese-made automatic pistols and 90 rounds of live ammunitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514628", "title": "Oscar nomination for 'Barfi!' is like icing on cake: Basu", "text": "Director Anurag Basu feels the selection of 'Barfi' as India's official entry to the Oscars in the foreign language film category is like an \"icing on the cake\".'Barfi!' beat 19 other films to become India's representative at the 85th Academy Awards to be held in February, 2013.\"We had not expected this kind of response to it - from Oscar nomination to box office collections to critical acclaim. All we knew is that we are making a special and a good film. I am numb, don't know how to react. I feel blessed. The Oscar nomination is icing on the cake,\" Basu told .'Barfi!' released in India on September 14 and registered Rs 58.6 crores in its opening week at the box office.\"It is a long way to go (in reference to Oscars). We are quite hopeful about the movie. All this will definitely give me more confidence but at the same time it will have an effect on my next film,\" he said.A romantic comedy, the film revolves around a happy-go-lucky person Barfi, played by Ranbir Kapoor , as he goes through love and heartbreak. Priyanka Chopra plays an autistic girl, while it also marks the Bollywood debut of southern star Ileana D'Cruz.Basu, whose last film 'Kites' was a big disappointment at the box office, has been lauded for the sensitive handling of the subject.\"We never thought we would get this kind of response. It is humbling. Box office collection does matter to some extent as we are in the business of filmmaking. But we intend to touch several hearts. If people get connected and the film entertains them, that is a victory for all of us,\" Basu said.\"We do not make films thinking how much it will do well at the box office, what critics will say, all we want is that audience should like it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16513977", "title": "Brian Lara visits Sachin Tendulkar's residence", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar was in for a pleasant surprise as West Indies legend Brian Lara paid a visit to the former's residence, in what seemed to be an impromptu meeting between two of modern day's greatest batsmen.Tendulkar uploaded a picture of the two legends on social networking sites -- Twitter and Facebook -- Sunday morning.\"Guess who dropped in at home...? An amazing player and a wonderful friend :-),\" Tendulkar wrote on his twitter handle, referring to Lara, who has been the Indian's long-time contemporaries in international cricket.Lara had recently backed Tendulkar and said that he had a \"year or two\" of cricket left in him, amid calls that the Indian must retire after his failure in the recent Test series against New Zealand.\"I know he has already exited from the Twenty20 version of the game, I am not sure if he is still playing the 50 over game but may be another year or two in the Test cricket is left in him ... may be still define himself at the top of scoring the most runs in both the Test and One Day Internationals,\" Lara had said.The former West Indies captain, who started his international career a year after his contemporary, said that Tendulkar has been phenomenal and would be missed by the cricket world whenever he decides to hang his boots.\"I think he (Tendulkar) has done a wonderful job. Somebody who started playing cricket, I am not sure whether he was 15 or 16, and he is still there. So he started may be a year or two before myself and has gone on to play five years after I have done,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513169", "title": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan invokes Sanskrit 'shloka' at UN address", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan recited the Sanskrit mantra 'Om Shanti' to convey her message of peace at the United Nations, where she addressed students and urged them to set aside their egos and individual desires to find peace within themselves.Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, 38, visited the UN headquarters here yesterday, participating in the world body's annual ceremony to commemorate the International Day of Peace.It was a packed day for Aishwarya Rai Bachchan who met UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and UN Messengers of Peace actor Michael Douglas, British anthropologist Jane Goodall , Jewish-American writer and Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel and American actress and singer Monique Coleman.She later participated in a panel discussion attended by students from across the country on the theme of 'Sustainable Peace for a Sustainable Future.'Aishwarya Rai Bachchan also has meetings lined up next week with Executive Director of UNAIDS Michel Sidibe. Addressing the large gathering of students, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan said she herself felt like a \"student\" as she begins her association with the UN which could see her working with the world body on pressing issues of health and AIDS.\"This experience, my journey beginning today with the United Nations is quite a learning curve for me,\" she said in her remarks to the students and members of civil society.\"I am a great believer in the UN because uniting for a better world is what we all are very passionate about here. Unity takes courage, commitment and leadership,\" she said.Sharing a lesson she learnt from her father, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan urged students to let go of their egos and and recognise \"that it is about we and us and not I.\"\"We need to cut out our wants, desires, basic ambition to try and override each other and expand power. Only then we will be able to find our peace,\" she said.She concluded her address with the Sanskrit shloka 'Om Shanti' noting that peace is not just a word but a \"divine manifestation which we have to give birth to within ourselves.\"Referring to the menace of war and weapons, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan said it is hard for her to imagine that young people think of making a weapon which could destroy nations and generations.\"In mankind's bid to work on our defenses with each other, we are encouraging misguided genius. This is something we really need to be thinking about,\" she said.Earlier Aishwarya Rai Bachchan joined Ban Ki-moon, Michael Douglas and other UN dignitaries to commemorate the International Peace Day, describing the occasion as an \"absolute honour.\"The International Day of Peace is observed around the world on September 21. The ceremony was held at the Rose Garden early morning yesterday.\"It is an absolute honour to be here. I am glad I have been able to participate because it truly is an honour and I am looking forward to the whole experience,\" Aishwarya Rai Bachchan told PTI after the brief ceremony.Aishwarya Rai Bachchan said she was glad to be able to contribute in sending out a powerful message of peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16514685", "title": "Farmers fear adverse impact of FDI on apple farming in Himachal", "text": "Shimla: Decision to allow FDI in retail has left farmers associated with Rs 3000 crore apple industry worried as they fear that entry of foreign apple would ruin their business. Already fruit growers are facing stiff competition from apple imported from US and China.Anger of apple growers could tilt the results of coming assembly polls as 1.6 lakh families are associated with its cultivation. State government claims that as compared to 35,832 ton of apple imported in 2006-07, import increased to 1.15 lakh ton in 2010-11 while during last year around 2 lakh ton apple was imported which is directly affecting the interest of domestic producers.While some are describing FDI in retail a good move for the apple industry, majority fear that it would spell doom. Prakash Thakur, from Kotkhai who is the founder member and ex vice-chairman of HP Fruit Growers Association and APEDA board member said FDI would provide the required infrastructure for growers to sell their produce and would end the monopoly of traders (arhartis) from Delhi. \"If farmers would maintain quality of their produce then they do not have to look back,\" he said.But state president of Himachal Kisan Sabha Dr Kuldeep Singh Tanwar feels other way. Central government is claiming that it would eliminate middlemen system and would establish direct link between producer and retailer. But in the state apple infrastructure is not fit for such system,\" he said. Tanwar said that Himachal Pradesh has around 2 lakh apple producers but private players ttake only select grade of apple.\"Small producers would not benefit from FDI,\" he said. Ashutosh Chauhan, an apple grower from Ratnari village of Shimla district said that if companies would buy apple from domestic market then only it would help the domestic apple industry. \"If they start importing it from US or China then apple industry would receive jolt,\" he added.Not happy with FDI, fruit and vegetables growers association of state has already announced to oppose the move. Association members said that already apple import from US and China has affected the local apple economy and FDI would ruin the local industry. With assembly elections to be held shortly, apple has become a major poll issue in the state as apple is main cash crop in nine districts, out of total 12 districts, of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509661", "title": "Art from the heart", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Each of these sketches shows a place that has so many stories attached to it. In fact, people walk in and tell me stories about them that even I wasn't aware of when I drew them!\" says Paul Fernandes, pointing to the many framed prints of his paintings that turn the walls of his gallery into a portal through which you can step into an alternate universe: that of 1970s Bangalore, when the streets were wide, the trouser bottoms wider, and dancing was still allowed in the city's nightclubs.Fernandes' love for vintage Cantonment Bangalore has been beautifully captured in this series of 60-odd paintings, prints of which are sold by the gallery, aPaulogy, which opened late last year near Richards' Park in Frazer Town. \"I started making these about five-six years ago, when I was in a nostalgic mood brought on by the sale of an old family home that was being turned into an apartment block,\" says 54-year-old Fernandes, a graphic artist and illustrator who has worked in the advertising industry for many years. His father, Edward Fernandes, was an Army doctor stationed in Bangalore, and Fernandes has spent almost all his life here.Most of his paintings are sparked off by the memory of a place, people or incident. Fernandes remembers how, as a teenager, he would cycle with his friends all the way to BRV Theatre just to catch a glimpse of a rather scandalous (for its time) poster of a musical 'Tokyo by Night', which featured a lady in a red bikini. The memory, of course, became a painting.Some of the most popular sketches depict old Bangalore haunts such as Koshy's Parade Cafe, Dewar's Bar, Victoria Hotel, Russel Market and India Coffee House on MG Road. Most of these landmarks have, needless to say, now vanished. Along with physical structures, many of the sketches also capture a certain cultural ethos, such as one that shows a middle-aged Anglo-Indian pensioner snoozing in his backyard, or the one of a group of hippies holding an impromptu concert in Cubbon Park, or that of a snooty couple walking into Bangalore Club. \"Humour is an integral part of my work. I don't have it in me to get serious about a painting,\" says the artist, who has a degree in fine arts from MS University, Baroda, laughing.aPaulogy is the kind of place you would like to spend a languid afternoon in, letting Fernandes and managers Jatin Prabhu and Mona tell you story after story related to the sketches and the places they portray with love and warmth. Fernandes is currently working on a book that will put his sketches together with stories and anecdotes related to each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16510307", "title": "More time to settle your water bills", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said that the cabinet has approved to extend the period of one-time settlement of water bills up to December for the residents of Hubli-Dharwad, Mysore and Mangalore.Speaking to reporters here on Saturday, Shettar said, \"Already we have given a lot of time to people to pay water bills after waiving the interest. During this period, the water board will create awareness among the people to pay and clear their pending bills.\"Further Shettar said, the cabinet has approved to implement solid waste management on built operate transfer (BOT) basis in Hubli-Dharwad and to extend 24x7 water schemes for further 18 wards of the twin cities.The cabinet has approved to release another Rs 71 crore for the extension of 24x7 water scheme in the twin cities. Regarding development of supermarket in Dharwad, Shettar pointed out that that the cabinet has approved the development of the market and files are waiting for clearance at the secretary level. Concentrating on the development of twin cities, Shettar assured that he will solve the issues of traffic, monorail, BRTS and ring road as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510955", "title": "14 samples test +ve for swine flu", "text": "BHOPAL: Fourteen more samples of patients from across the state sent for H1N1 confirmation in the past 24 hours have tested positive for swine flu. Out of the 14 cases, nine are from Bhopal city alone. The spread of the deadly H1N1 virus doesn't look a local outbreak anymore.The district integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP) office had sent 15 samples for tests to Jabalpur laboratory on Saturday. Health officials said of the 15 suspects 7 are residents of Bhopal.So far 29 people have tested positive for H1N1 virus which has led to 6 deaths in the state capital. IDSP had sent 11 samples for tests the regional medical research centre (RMRC) laboratory at Jabalpur.To take stock of the situation, state chief secretary R Parasuram held a high-level meeting with health officials. A press release said, RMRC laboratory specialists would operate their two swine flu testing machines round-the-clock and double their test capacity to 100 swine flu samples per day. If needed H1N1 samples would be sent to laboratories in Pune, Delhi and Gwalior too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16511283", "title": "15-year-old from Madurai wins gold medal in shooting", "text": "MADURAI: A 15-year-old boy from Madurai has won three gold medals in 'Gun for Glory' shooting competition at Pune from September 15 to 19. P Ajaey Nithish studying in 10th standard at SDH Jain Vidyalaya won these medals at the sub-junior, junior and senior categories in the competitions held at the national level. The Gun for Glory tournament is organised by Olympic medallist Gagan Narang through his Gagan Narang Sports Promotion Foundation.Madurai Rifle Club, where the boy is a member, expressed joy over his achievement calling it another feather in their cap. Last year, another player of the club, B Mithelesh (12) won a bronze medal in the same event. He has been selected to participate in the selection trials for the national team.Rifle Club sources said six players from the club participated in the event and Ajaey won gold medal in sub-junior category which is his original one. However, he opted to play in the junior and senior categories in open category and won gold medals in those categories as well. Club secretary S V S S Velshankar said Ajaey participated in .177 Beep Site Air-rifle event and he will be eligible to participate in the national level competitions with his recent victory. \"He has been a member of our club for the last two years and the boy is coming up very well. We are very proud of him and we expect he will come out with flying colours in national-level competitions as well,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16510528", "title": "Two Cachar gardens give away Puja bonus", "text": "SILCHAR: Chandighat and Pathemara tea estates in Cachar district have given Durga Puja bonus to its workers well before the festive month this year.Industry sources said the management of Chandighat and Pathemara tea estates in Cachar gave 20 per cent bonus to the workers. While Chandighat has nearly 1200 permanent workers, Pathemara TE has more than 1000 permanent workers, including its two outgardens at Singerband and Nagadoom in the northern fringe of the district.Sources said while Chandighat TE disbursed bonus on Thursday, Pathemara TE workers received the money on Friday. Both Intuc-affiliated Barak Cha Shramik Union and Citu-affiliated All Assam Cha Mazdoor Sangh had earlier demanded that bonus to Barak Valley tea garden workers should be given at a minimum rate of 20 per cent this year because of good tea production.Last year, workers of Barak Valley tea gardens received bonus at a rate of 8.33 to a maximum of 20 per cent.Meanwhile, the district administration has called a meeting of tea garden management, trade unions and officials of civil and police administration to decide the quantum of bonus, timeframe and ensure smooth disbursement of money, a senior officer said on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16511448", "title": "Agrasen staff continue protest", "text": "VARANASI: The teaching and non-teaching staff at Agrasen Girls PG College continued to boycott official work on the sixth consecutive day on Saturday.The agitating employees are demanding that 75-80% of the college's income from self-financed courses be spent on the salary of the employees. They alleged that the college administration has not been responding to their request to at least hold a dialogue to sort out their grievances. Local MLA and Congress leader Ajay Rai also extended his support to the demonstrators and addressed the protest meeting on Friday.It may be mentioned here that the college management made it clear that a GO dated August 23, 2011, regarding the payments to self financed teachers is not clear and it does not have any mention of payment to non teaching staff. Talking to reporters on Friday, the manager Anil Jain said that in such a situation, the payment of salaries of teaching and non-teaching staff in accordance with their demand is not possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511399", "title": "Of women, kids and CVD", "text": "World Heart Day is being observed on September 29 and this year's focus is on cardiovascular disease prevention among women and children. Although poverty, malaria, AIDS and chronic diseases account for more than 53 per cent of all deaths, with people moving up the socio-economic ladder, lifestyle diseases have also emerged as a major killer, and heart disease is one of the main lifestyle diseases.Each year CVDs kill over 8.6 million women globally. This figure is more than the total number of women who die from all cancers, tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS and malaria combined. This alarming figure has made WHO focus on CVDs among women by running the Go Red for Women Campaign to improve women's knowledge of heart disease and stroke. Improved knowledge will help them take action and achieve longer, better heart-healthy lives.Remember that heart disease and stroke do not affect only men or older and rich populations. CVDs affect as many women as men. Unfortunately , women's risk is grossly underestimated. You will be surprised to know that heart disease is actually the number one killer of women. It accounts for 1 in 3 female deaths. Shocking, but true it is. In this scenario it is vital that women learn the truth about their CVD risk and take action to protect themselves and their family.Even children are vulnerable . The risk for CVDs can begin during foetal development, and increase further during childhood with exposure to unhealthy diet, lack of exercise and smoking. Modern materialistic society is exposing children to risk factors such as diets high in \"bad\" fats and sugar. Today's children are comfortable with activities such as playing computer games and watching TV programmes. They avoid physical activity. In some countries they also take up tobacco consumption at very early age or are exposed to secondhand tobacco smoke. All these are making them vulnerable to CVDs.You must know that the heart is a muscular pump in the chest. It must beat continuously to send blood to the lungs and the rest of the body. Simply put, when the arteries get clogged with bad cholesterol, plaque, scar tissue, or calcium, the heart slows down and finds it difficult to circulate blood. This slowing down leads to problems from chest pain to heart failure to a heart attack.Chest pain is the first symptom of a heart attack. This is brought on by exertion. And you can relieve it by taking rest. The major symptoms of a heart attack are intense chest pain, sudden cold, sweating, weakness and nausea. This is confirmed by electrocardiography, angiography and also x-ray .One invites CVDs through tobacco use, alcohol use, high blood pressure which is also called hypertension, high cholesterol , obesity, physical inactivity and unhealthy diets. The factors like high blood pressure and cholesterol, family history, cigarette smoking, diabetes are well known. In addition there are congenital risks. In this category people are born with these problems like imperfect heart valves and genetic problems that promote hardening of the arteries.Once the problem is identified you must go in for intensive follow up which may lead to lifestyle modification, appropriate medication, exercise therapies and diet control. These can be accomplished with a combination of individual as well as group therapies.It is estimated that by 2020, CVDs will be the largest cause of disability and death in India . We have more than 40.9 million people with diabetes, while there are 118 million people with hypertension and this figure is expected to increase to 69.9 and 213 million, respectively , by 2025. WHO estimates that India will lose 237 billion dollars in national income from premature deaths due to heart disease , stroke and diabetes by 2015.We all can make an effort to educate our family members and friends to help prevent heart disease. One can bring risk factors like high blood pressure, high cholesterol levels under control by following heart-healthy diet, exercising, improving cholesterol levels, controlling diabetes and high blood pressure, by controlling weight, managing stress and not smoking.The WHO Programme on Cardiovascular Diseases (CVD) is concerned with prevention, management and monitoring of CVD globally. It aims to develop global strategies to reduce the incidence, morbidity and mortality of CVD by effectively reducing CVD risk factors and their determinants, developing cost effective and equitable health care innovations for management of CVD and monitoring trends of CVD and their risk factors.Let us all join hands and adopt healthy lifestyle by remaining alert to the pain and making an effort to reduce the stress. We must not forget that prevention is better than cure and the bottom line for prevention is to follow a hearthealthy lifestyle and enjoy healthy heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16510820", "title": "Walk the talk, end street crime", "text": "The type of street crime we have seen in Mumbai over the past few weeks flies in the face of the promise of greater security we got during the change of guard at the commissionerate. That criminals have stopped factoring in the time of day (Saturday's incident occurred a little after noon) or place before plotting a crime indicates what they think of our police force. Crime has been there in Mumbai; but the brazenness with which it is carried out now does not bode well for the city and its citizens.Related story : Crime during festival stumps locals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16510696", "title": "Poll-eve push for Narmada canal policy", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Ahead of the state assembly polls, the Gujarat government has rushed to finalize a new policy in order to expedite Narmada canal networking for taking waters right up to agricultural farms in the Narmada command areas. On a standstill over several years, the construction of field channels got bogged down into a major controversy after ex-chairman of the Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) N V Patel declared in September 2009 that instead of \"open channels\" it would be \"more prudent\" to lay down Narmada-based pipelines to supply waters to agricultural fields.While Patel, supported by a section of officials, said pipelines would help skirt the tangled problem of acquiring thousands of hectares of land, the idea found strong opposition from a section of top technocrats, who said it would mean huge costs and excessive dependence on power.This forced state government to set up an experts' committee on whether to construct field channels or lay down pipelines. The committee recommended in May 2010 against the dependence on pipelines.More than two years after the expert panel made its recommendation, Gujarat government this week finalized a complete policy which allows the initial choice to be made by the farmers' water users' associations (WUAs). A senior official - involved in working out the policy - said, \"However, the final decision on whether to go in for field channels or pipelines will be that of the SSNNL. The SSNNL will decide things on the basis of technical feasibility and site conditions.\"Interestingly, the new policy has been decided ahead of Gujarat government failing to get any result from a dozen-odd pilot projects floated to find out if the pipeline option was viable. \"Of the dozen pilot projects, only four have become functional. One can safely say that the experiment hasn't even begun,\" the official said, adding, \"The decision to involve WUAs has been taken, even though out of 4,680 needed for Gujarat in the Narmada command, only 500 have been formed. Of these, few are actually functional.\" Under the new policy, whether it is field channels or pipelines, the capital cost will be borne by the government, which would also bear the cost of power for pumping water in case of pipelines. The WUAs, however, would have to bear the recurring expenditure, including operation and maintenance for five years, by charging water rates from farmers. \"Each WUA would have to have 51 per cent of farmers as its members. WUAs will have the right to draw Narmada water from the canal, and thereafter distribute it in such a way that tail-enders do not suffer,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16510559", "title": "Agartala-Dhaka bus set ablaze, passengers safe", "text": "AGARTALA: A passenger bus run by the Tripura Road Transport Corporation (TRTC) between Agartala and Dhaka was set ablaze by a mob in the Norsinghdi area of Bangladesh on Friday. However, all the passengers are safe.Arun Das, the driver of the bus called \"Maitree\", returned to Agartala on Saturday with minor injuries. He told the media that the mob had gone unruly suddenly and started pelting stones and attacking vehicles. \"The mob set our bus on fire but all 22 passengers are safe,\" he said.\"Immediately, I informed the matter to Tripura government. Our chief secretary, S K Panda, spoke to the acting Indian deputy high commissioner to Dhaka, Sandeep Chakraborty, on the phone and requested him to provide assistance to us,\" added Das.He said the Bangladesh administration and police, later, took them to a government circuit house and offered them medication. \"Today, all passengers were sent to their respective destinations and the entire crew came back to Agartala,\" he added.Tripura chief secretary SK Panda said it was an isolated incident and that the Bangladesh government had expressed displeasure over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "16509273", "title": "34 Dera members get 3 years\u2019 jail", "text": "MOGA: District and sessions court here on Saturday sentenced 34 members of Dera Sacha Sauda, a religious sect which has a huge following in Haryana and Punjab, to three years of imprisonment for arson and damaging public property in 2010.All of them have been fined Rs 5,000 each. One accused Agya Pal Singh has been acquitted for lack of evidence. Moga district and sessions judge Karamjit Singh Kang had on Friday declared the 34 followers guilty in the case and had reserved the verdict for Saturday. After announcing the verdict, the court granted them bail and they can file an appeal in a higher court. Anticipating violence following the verdict, the police had sounded a high alert in Moga and nearby areas.The case dates back to February 27, 2010 when Dera Sacha Sauda followers went on a rampage in Moga and nearby areas after the CBI registered a case against Dera head Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh and four others for murder, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence.Following the registration of the FIR, hundreds of Dera followers went on a rampage, torching buses, trains and damaging public property. Moga police had rounded up 300 Dera followers, including women, and a case was registered under Sections 307, 427, 436, 124-A, 186 and 149 of the IPC and 25, 27, 54 and 59 of the Arms Act against 35 of them. The followers were accused of damaging more than a dozen busses, four bogeys of a train apart from causing damage to other public property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509002", "title": "Tech solution to help fair price shops deliver goods", "text": "HYDERABAD: To check irregularities in the public distribution system (PDS) and ensure that essential commodities reached the intended beneficiaries, the civil supplies department will introduce hand-held electronic (e-POS) devices at select fair price (FP) shops in the city.The new system will be operational at 45 FP shops in nine circles in the city from October 1. As part of a preparatory exercise, the department will train FP dealers on the use of electronic point of sale (e-POS) devices and deliver commodities to ration card-holders on September 27.In the existing way of doing things, there is no mechanism to check details of the card-holder (beneficiary) and dependents. The FP dealers deliver the commodities either to the cardholder or to the dependents named in the card. But commodities often do not reach the intended beneficiaries due to creation of fake ration cards. And that leads to rampant misuse of PDS by FP dealers. Moreover, many irregularities keep coming to light as dealers rarely maintain proper records.\"To streamline PDS and ensure that commodities reached their beneficiaries, the civil supplies department will use e-POS devices. Andhra Pradesh could be the first state in the country to launch the new system,\" a civil supplies department official told TOI.In the new system, the FP shop dealer would check the details of a card-holder/beneficiary on the device before delivering the essentials. The civil supplies department has already fed in the data of around 7.20 lakh white ration card-holders to the server linked to the e-POS devices.The dealer has to check the last four digits of the ration card number and verify details. In case there is a mismatch with the data available on the e-POS device, the FP dealer would refuse to deliver the commodities, the official added.In case the beneficiary gets his/her Aadhaar card along, the dealer may check the details and tally the cardholder's fingerprints and other information provided in the Aadhaar card. Only if all the data matches the records would the commodities be delivered to the card-holder.Also, the dealer would generate a receipt with details of the commodities drawn and these details would be stored to enable officials to keep a tab on card-holders and commodities, the official added.\"Initially, we will launch the new system at 45 FP shops in the city. Depending upon its success, it will be rolled out across the state,\" the official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510652", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav blames PM for economic logjam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who till now used to skip queries related to national politics and his father Mulayam Singh Yadav's support to the UPA, on Saturday attacked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, holding him responsible for India's economic crisis. He also said that though the SP has extended its support to the UPA government to keep communal forces out, the party is ready to face Lok Sabha elections any time.Reacting to the Prime Minister's address to the nation on Friday on the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail, Akhilesh on Saturday said \"his party is opposing FDI because it is not good for small farmers and traders\".He said that Manmohan Singh is a renowned economist and has been the Prime Minister since 2004, but now the PM is saying that India's economic situation has gone from bad to worse. \"The question is who is responsible. The ruler or the people?\" Akhilesh said.When asked about SP chief's flip-flop on supporting the UPA-2 and third front, Akhilesh, who was on an official visit to Vrindavan, told reporters that the SP does not want the communal forces to take advantage of the present crisis. But, at the same time, the party cannot overlook the interest of small farmers and traders on the issue of the FDI in multi-brand retail.Regarding early Lok Sabha elections, he said that the SP is ready for polls whether they take place now or later.Akhilesh's statement came after Mulayam met Shiromani Akali Dal leader and Punjab deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Saturday. Refusing to divulge details about the meeting, he said his association with the Badals was very old, as Prakash Singh Badal was a close associate of Chaudhury Charan Singh. Asked whether the meeting was part of his efforts to form a Third Front, Mulayam said there were \"no efforts\" to form such an alliance as of now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513773", "title": "If Salman wanted, I would have become a leading lady: Mahek", "text": "Model turned actress Mahek Chahal's stint in Bigg Boss earned her name and fame but her rivals attribute this success to her amity with superstar Salman Khan.\"All I can say that had Salman Khan been supported me, I would have been a leading lady in the industry and would have done so many films with him, instead of doing just two films ( Wanted and Main Aur Mrs. Khanna) . Knowing someone is not a crime. The people who created this mess are the ones who are suffering now and they have to answer to God for indulging in foul mouthing,\" defends Mahek.Ask her if she would again like to be a part of Bigg Boss and promptly comes the answer, \"Oh, it was a physically and mentally tiring experience. In fact the show had taken a toll on everyone as it was very difficult to stay in a house for three months without linking with the world outside.\"After Bigg Boss she hosted Super Fight League show and a special song with Bengali star Prosenjit in the film Bikram Singha , a Bengali version of Singham . Interestingly, she even expressed her crush on the actor! \"I really wish I could get a chance to do a full-fledged role with him. He was really sweet, helpful and down to earth despite being a superstar of Bengali cinema. I bet if you are working with such a good-looking and handsome man, the attraction is natural and instant,\" laughs Mahek.Besides an actor and a skilled dancer, Mahek is now a fashion designer too. So how this fashion label happened? \"It was actually my dream to have my own clothing store. Finally, I launched my own flagship store in Oslo , Norway . After getting a great response, now I plan to expand my fashion business to other countries as well as in India.And what about her promise with her boyfriend Danish Khan to marry? \"Marriage will happen but it is not there on the cards immediately. I still want to work for a few more years before I take the plunge into marital bliss,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509932", "title": "False ceiling falls at airport, four injured", "text": "CHENNAI: Four loaders suffered minor injuries after a portion of false ceiling came crashing down behind at around 12.45pm check-in counter near immigration area of international departure terminal at Chennai airport on Saturday.The ceiling, a thin metal sheet, fell near a baggage conveyor used to transport bags from check-in counters to the loading area. Sources said that airline staff and security personnel had a miraculous escape because the accident happened at a lean time.The loaders who were injured were taken to the health centre at the airport. Sources said all the injured were treated as outpatients. Airport director H S Suresh said, \"It looks like the holding fasteners came off. The international terminal is due for maintenance. Work will be done after new terminals were opened. We will investigate and send a report soon.\"A civil department, which has different wings for each type of work, does the maintenance for the terminal buildings. But staff said the buildings aren't well maintained. Interior looks worn out at several parts. False ceilings are fixed in a crude manner and they are not checked periodically to ensure safety. A portion of the ceiling had fallen a few months ago near immigration counter. Nobody was injured at the time because it happened during non-peak hour,\" said an official.Airlines and other agencies have complained to AAI about the need for better maintenance of domestic and international terminals. But AAI had not followed up on the requests, said an official.The ceiling, a thin metal sheet, fell near a baggage conveyor used to transport bags from check-in counters to the loading area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510615", "title": "New norms may cause delay for US visa seekers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From next Wednesday, the US consulate will put in place new visa processing norms under which one can pay visa application fees through electronic fund transfer or with mobile phones.However, travel agents say that the new system of appointments will cause delay for first-time visa applicants. \"First-time applicants will have to schedule two appointments - one for fingerprint collection at an offsite facilitation centre and one for the consular interview at embassies or consulates,\" says Gujarat Association of Tour Operators chairman Manish Sharma. \"This will mean that applicants will have to stay in Mumbai for two to three days awaiting their turn for an interview.\"Sharma says that the new system is being implemented because of security concerns. Under the new system, applicants will have more options when it comes to paying visa fees even by cash. Over 1,800 branches of two banks have partnered with the consulate.The new norms also facilitate scheduling of appointments online, or over the phone by contacting a call centre whose representatives will answer queries in Gujarati, Punjabi, English, Hindi, and Telugu.PaymentsVisa applicants will be able to pay fees by cash, through electronic fund transfers, or using mobile phones.Appointment scheduling1. Online appointment system will enable scheduling of both individual and group appointments. Travel companies will have the option of purchasing bulk appointment receipts2. Each applicant will require two appointments, one for fingerprints/photos and one for the visa interview3. Before appearing for a visa interview, applicants will have to go to a separate facility to provide fingerprints and photos. Those who receive visas may never need to do this againDeliveryVisa applicants and their authorized representatives will be able to collect their visas at no cost from 33 locations in IndiaInterview waiver1. Visa applicants renewing a business/tourism (B1 and/or B2) visa may apply for a waiver of the personal interview2. Children who are 7 years old or younger are not required to appear for a non-immigrant visa interview", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16510981", "title": "Woman succumbs to burns", "text": "INDORE: A married woman, who was allegedly burnt alive by her in-law on Friday evening, succumbed to burns on Saturday morning. The deceased was identified as Pinki Tomar, 25, wife of Sanjay Tomar, and a resident of Lasudia Parmar at Dewas Naka. She was married to Sanjay, a resident of Morod Haat, coming under Khudail police jurisdiction.Her brother Jitendra told reporters that they had some clash with his sister on Friday. Jitendra went there to convince them and was on his way back home, when he received a call informing that his sister has burnt alive. He went there again but the in-law reportedly did not allow him to meet his sister in the hospital. As her husband did not like her, they set her ablaze, the brother added. Investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16512670", "title": "A taste of India in 40 days", "text": "If desi khaana is your calling and there is a fest in town that offers you cuisines from across the country under one roof , no doubt , you will want to head there.The Lalit Ashok is giving foodies just that chance a 40-day culinary jo,urney of Indian cuisines with its fest The Unified Flavours of India.Over the next 40 days, the chefs at the Lalit Ashok will bring to the table a variety of dishes from across the country, with emphasis on two regions \u2014 Punjab and West Bengal.What comes to your plate at the Unified Flavours of India ranges from the pinds of Punjab to the grams of Bengal.The fest, which kick-started on September 21 and winds up on October 30 will treat connoisseurs to specials like Punjab da Khazana, Shaahi Mewad (Rajasthan), Bundelkhandi Jugalbandi (Bundel-Khand) and Bengali Bahaar, among others. The food fest, helmed by chef KP Singh and executive chef Subodh Goyal, is being presented in buffet format both for lunch and dinner at the 24/7 Restaurant.\"Being innovative and delighting our guests with varied aromas has always been the focus on our tables,\" said Amit Samson, GM, The Lalit Ashok.The lunch buffet is open between 12.30 pm and 3 pm and is priced at 995 + taxes, while the dinner buffet is available between 7.30 pm and 11 pm for 1195 + taxes.The Unified Flavours of India is at The Lalit Ashok Bangalore Kumara Krupa High Grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16513615", "title": "BJP's Arun Shourie praises PM, supports diesel price hike and FDI in retail", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the BJP has strongly opposed the Centre's decision to hike diesel prices and allow FDI in retail, senior party leader and former Union minister Arun Shourie has justified the move saying it was the need of the hour.\"Increasing diesel prices was the need of the hour,\" Shourie, who had come here to participate in a seminar, told reporters here last evening.A lot of hue and cry is being raised unnecessarily on the issue of FDI in retail as this will neither lead to profit nor losses, the BJP leader said.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has for the first time shown his strength,\" Arun Shourie said opposing BJP's stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508985", "title": "Delhi University Teachers\u2019 Association seeks President\u2019s intervention", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a general body meeting on Saturday, the Delhi University Teachers' Association decided to \"intensify the stir\" against the vice-chancellor's policies by starting an indefinite relay hunger strike from October 10. The meeting was held a day after DUTA members met President Pranab Mukherjee, seeking his intervention as visitor of the University.Apart from complaining to the President about the VC's \"stonewalling\" the associations \u2014 DUTA and DUCKU \u2014 it also complained about \"the cheap and cowardly tactic of putting pressure on the principals of SRCC and Ramjas College to deny DUTA a space to conduct its annual general body meet on September 22.\" The meeting was held at Ramjas College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510703", "title": "Two Bhojpuri film actors to adopt zoo animals", "text": "PATNA: Two noted Bhojpuri film actors, including Manoj Tiwari, are willing to adopt animals at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo.According to zoo authorities, while Manoj is keen on adopting a lion, another Bhojpuri actor wants to adopt a lion and a chimpanzee or some monkeys. \"Both the actors have approached the zoo authorities for adopting animals,\" said zoo director Abhay Kumar Sharma. Both the actors said they would adopt the animals soon as they feel the people need to be made aware about animals and this initiative would help the cause.\"I have decided to adopt a lion because it is an endangered species. I plan to reach Patna on September 30 and visit the zoo to complete the formalities in this connection,\" said Manoj over phone.The Patna zoo had launched the 'Adopt an animal' scheme in July. Under the scheme, 60 animals and 40 birds have been adopted by different people, organizations and companies. \"Rs 3 lakh has been fixed for adopting a chimpanzee for one year and the zoo authorities have earned Rs 37 lakh through this scheme so far,\" Sharma said.Animals can be adopted for a maximum period of five years and minimum one month. But the whole zoo can be adopted only for a day. The sponsorship money is only for the food and healthcare of animals.Under the scheme, a signboard with the company's logo or the name of the person adopting an enclosure will be displayed outside the enclosure. However, the adoption would not allow the sponsor to touch or interfere with the diet of the animal. The sponsor would not have any right to enter the enclosure of the adopted animal either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510746", "title": "Dream, take risk and deliver: Irfan Alam", "text": "PATNA: Irfan Alam, the founder of Samman Foundation and winner of World Bank Innovation Award, while addressing the students of St Xavier's College here on \"Entrepreneurship\" on Saturday said entrepreneurship has never been recognized as a full-fledged career and people generally discourage youth from treading this path. But it is time to start thinking about entrepreneurship as a career, as it can be an important tool to tackle unemployment in the country, he said.Alam made it big after winning the \"Business Baazigar\" title, a reality show based on business, in 2006. Interacting with the students, he said, \"It is important to dream, but it is equally important to take calculated risks to achieve your dream.\" He said students should take up a career in a field they like. \"You will never be able to succeed if you don't love what you do,\" said the savvy entrepreneur. Explaining entrepreneurship to students, Alam said, \"An entrepreneur is one who identifies an opportunity and puts conscious efforts to make it an enterprise.\"He also made a PowerPoint presentation that enlightened the students about the obstacles that noted personalities like Amitabh Bachchan , A P J Abdul Kalam , Alexander Graham Bell and Albert Einstein had to face, before they were able to make it big in life. \"They were great dreamers who had the conviction to make it big in life,\" said Alam. Referring to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's success, Alam said, \"Today people update their Facebook status before sharing any news with their family or friends.\"The man who took Bihar's \"litti-chokha\" to the US President Barack Obama at a Presidential Summit in Washington, Alam compared India's entrepreneurial scenario with that of US, saying in US about 11% people own businesses, and India does not even reach half that figure. He added, \"Especially in eastern India, we neither have many entrepreneurs nor many role models in the business world which the youth can look up to.\"When asked about his ambitious \"Samman\" rickshaws, which are nowhere to be seen these days, Alam replied, \"We had launched 'Samman' with a cautious decision not to take any grant. So sustainability of the project was an important question. Also, when we launched mechanized rickshaws, their acceptability was not big. So we opted for local traditional models instead, which diluted our own identity.\" He said the project to relaunch 'Samman' rickshaws was in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513155", "title": "Your mobile fuels Congo's civil war", "text": "Essential metals used in your mobile ensure that a civil war in the Democratic Republic of Congo won't end soon.\"I have heard that minerals used in mobile phones are coming from the eastern Congo.\" \u2014 Frank Poulsen\"We don't have anybody who can comment on that today.\" \u2014 Nokia spokespersonThat's a snatch from a conversation that unfolds in Danish documentary Blood in the Mobile scheduled for a Mumbai screening next week. Directed by Frank Poulsen, the film reveals the dark side of cellphones, and the price being paid in Africa to meet our obsessive demand for mobiles.Poulsen traces the use of minerals \u2014 the source of metal \u2014 illegally mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) in North Africa , that end up in electronics, including cellphones. Rich in natural resources, DRC has a history of colonial exploitation. The film reveals how a breakaway portion of the Congolese militia is engaged in a civil war, which involves the mining of casseterite and Columbite-tantalite, the natural ore for tin and tantalum, in Walikale in Northern Kivu region.Tin and tantalum end up in circuit boards of electronics, including smartphones and laptops. \"The minerals mined from eastern Congo ores find their way to almost all electronics. All big electronics companies are implicated,\" says film producer Ole Tornbjerg in a telephonic interview.Poulsen made three trips to DRC between 2007 and 2010, and visited Bise, a mine in Walikale to ascertain the truth. He found that the Bise mine alone has a daily yield of 30 tonnes of casseterite. That's worth USD 70 million (Rs 388 crore) a year. Not only do miners work endlessly in narrow tunnels, they also pay heavy taxes to the 85th brigade, the breakaway faction of the Congolese army FRDC. It's estimated that over five million people have been killed in Eastern Congo since 1998.From a war to your phone Several metals, including aluminium, lead, copper and in some cases, gold are used in mobiles. Tantalum is a heatresistant metal vital to creating capacitors that control current flow inside miniature circuit boards. Tin is used to solder various parts of the circuit board. Poulsen knocked on the doors of Nokia Corporation for over a year to find out if they use conflict minerals in their phones.After much hedging, the phone company revealed that while they were aware of the situation since 2001, it hasn't been easy to track where the metals come from.Once extracted, metals are processed and sent to suppliers that make various phone components. For instance, Nokia sources its cell phone parts from suppliers in countries like Malaysia and India. These suppliers either re-use metal or source it from across the world. But the conundrum remained unsolved: if Nokia kept buying components from suppliers without checking the origin of the metal, the suppliers in turn could keep buying minerals from DRC, and armed groups would be able to fund weapons to kill.Let's connect In the January to March quarter this year alone, over 50 million handsets sold in India, making us the second largest mobile phone market globally. According to the Telecom Regulation Authority of India, we're set to rise to world number 1 next year.When contacted by us, Samsung , which overtook Nokia as world leader in the mobile phone market earlier this year, remained unavailable for comment.Nokia India told us that they are taking up the issue of conflict minerals.Together with other electronics companies, Nokia was part of a pilot implementation of due diligence guidelines for tin, tantalum and tungsten procured from Central Africa till June 2012. \"We require our suppliers to map out their supply chains in order to achieve traceability at least to smelter level. Once mechanisms become available, suppliers will be required to ensure that purchased metals originate from smelters validated as being conflict mineral-free,\" an email from Nokia stated.In the film, Poulsen was told by Nokia that there is no mechanism to determine where the raw material comes from. Yet, the film reveals that technology that tracks metals to their ores exists.According to a 2011 risk list of the British Geological Survey, 52 elements \u2014 including tin and tantalum \u2014 are needed to maintain our current lifestyle. A majority of the elements come from China, Brazil and Russia .\"We are not saying don't use metals in cellphones. Just don't source them from conflict zones, because then we end up financing those wars,\" says Tornbjerg.Dhamini.Ratnam @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16509194", "title": "Mulayam, Badal talk FDI strategy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) president Sukhbir Singh Badal met Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav in New Delhi on Saturday to discuss a common strategy to oppose government move to allow FDI in retail.The meeting has triggered speculations of an attempt at forming a third front and Mulayam is believed to have urged Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal for a greater role in national politics. Badal Senior had, earlier this year, refused to be considered for the post of vice president for which his name was doing the rounds in NDA.Balwant Singh Ramoowalia, a former Union minister who joined SAD just before the recent assembly elections, mediated the meeting. Speaking to TOI from New Delhi, Ramoowalia said: \"Mulayam Singh Yadav's association with the Badals is old as Parkash Singh Badal was a close associate of Chaudhury Charan Singh. Since Badal had played a critical role in opposing the Emergency imposed in the country, besides heading one of the oldest parties of the country for several decades, Mulayam Singh sought his greater role at the front of national politics.\"Ramoowalia said the SP supremo sought SAD's support in opposing FDI. Mulayam had courted arrest against UPA's decision during the bharat bandh but has pledged to support the government.\"There was no talk about SP withdrawing support to UPA. The party is opposing FDI just as we are opposing the decision. Mulayam Singh only sought support for opposing FDI,\" said Ramoowalia, adding SAD's joining hands with SP over opposing FDI should not be taken as the two parties agreeing on a political alliance of any kind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511326", "title": "Think before adding \u2018friends: Expert", "text": "LUDHIANA: Talking about cyber security, inspector Manjinder Singh, head of the technical and cyber cell, said, \"People report stolen passwords, fake profiles and even derogatory comments are at times posted on their uploads to these networking pages\".Cyber security expert Rohit Shukla explained: \"We must ensure our proximity to the person who we add to our friend list. The user should go through details before taking any step to befriend someone.\"Gill Road resident Paramjit Singh said: \"We are taught moral values and traffic rules in schools but there is no governor of the online world. Cyber crime is increasing rapidly but police and the administration have no idea on how to deal with this issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16508967", "title": "Soulful 'sufis' sweep audience off its feet", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a melodious story of love, peace and devotion that unfolded beneath a star-less sky at the majestic Chowmahalla Palace on Saturday night. And witness to this gripping musical narrative were thousands of Hyderabadis who had thronged the historic palace on Day One of the second edition of 'Times Sufi Nights'. Drawn by the unprecedented popularity of the artists - Raga Boyz and Rekha Bhardwaj - denizens were seen anxiously waiting at the venue for over an hour before the gates were opened. And, as the evening progressed, the crowd swelled further.The three-brother-band from Pakistan , carrying with them the message of 'aman ki asha', took the stage first. Breaking all barriers of language, faith and politics, Hyderabad's 'mehmaan', with their powerful voices and impeccable 'sargams' immediately connected with the listeners who were left spellbound within minutes. A thundering applause greeted the 'boyz' - Nayab Ali, Wali Hamid Ali and Inam Ali - as they crooned a Bulle Shah bandish Rang De Ishq Ka Chadiya or even unexpectedly jumped to the Bollywood number Mitwa (from the SRK-starrer 'Kabhi Alvida Na Kehna')soon after. What followed is a flurry of 'thumris', ragas and modern medleys that had both the young and the old tapping their feet to the peppy notes and pleading for more. Giving in to the demand, the 'ustads' of the Patiala gharana rendered their popular Bollywood track Mann Quonto Maula and topped it up with the racey Dama Dam Mast Kalandar , before making way for the 'queen of sufi', Rekha Bhardwaj.Though not an unfamiliar figure, considering her many trips to the Nizam's land, the audience were clearly exhilarated as she started off on a sombre note, dedicating to Hyderabad a 'kalam', Allah hi Allah, only recently composed by husband Vishal Bhardwaj. A few more soulful renditions later, the versatile singer broke in to 'filmy' numbers, her robust voice reverberating across the expansive palace. Those seen sitting calm in their chairs until then, at once jumped to their feet as Bhardwaj pumped up the tempo with Ranjha Ranjha , Genda Phool and later the much-popular Darling.\"It was an absolute pleasure to be part of this festival tonight. I was initially deceived by their boyish looks, but they amazed me with their performance,\" said Mehdipatnam resident Suresh Rao, showering praises on the Raga Boyz. An ardent fan of Abida Parveen, even Shehnaz Koonda from Secunderabad, flanked by her friends from Germany on both sides, was also seen having a good time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509324", "title": "Probe into complaint against pest control firm", "text": "MUMBAI: The Borivli magistrate court has directed the Malad police to conduct an investigation into a complaint of cheating made by a trader against a pest control company, which used to be a subsidiary of the Godrej Group. The company, Hi-Care, has since been sold to the ISS group.The complainant, Ghanshyamdas Gupta (65), used to be a franchisee of Hi-Care over seven years ago. \"Gupta used to do business and send payments received by him to company officials. He was given a commission for the same. In 2006, Gupta was issued a cheque of Rs 3.5 lakh. But as the amount was disputed, the company stopped payment of the cheque,\" investigating officer Chandrakant Gurav said. Police sources said Gupta had not revealed to the magistrate's court that the matter was already pending before the Bombay high court.A spokesperson for Godrej Group accused Gupta of suppressing facts by not disclosing the pendency of the case before the Bombay high court, while filing a frivolous complaint against Godrej officials in the magistrate's court. \"We already have a Bombay high court order exempting Godrej officials from making a personal appearance in this matter before the magistrate. We have also deposited Rs 3.5 lakh, the disputed amount, in the magistrate's court three years ago, when the dispute arose,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510812", "title": "Congress poll ticket examiner now railway minister", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Union minister for road transport and highways C P Joshi has been made the new railway minister, after Mukul Roy of Trinamool Congress (TMC), along with of his five party colleagues, tendered their resignation on Friday.Joshi is critical to Gujarat, ahead of the state assembly elections in the state, as he is the chief of the screening committtee for candidates. Already, Bharatsinh Solanki, MoS for Railways, is from Gujarat.Congress sources said he will continue as chairman of screening committee for ticket distribution for Gujarat election. Joshi, known to be very close to the Gandhi family, was chief architect for party's victory in Rajasthan and was also in charge for Punjab elections.He had adopted policy to chop dead wood and give opportunity to young faces and was expected to repeat same formula in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509800", "title": "Duo held for teasing women", "text": "KOLKATA: Policemen on motorbike patrol arrested two drunken youths for allegedly harassing a group of women at Kalighat Road in south Kolkata on Friday night.Police said seven or eight women were walking down the road around 9 pm on Friday. The two youths were walking right behind them, passing lewd comments at them and making indecent gestures. Noticing their incident, the patrolling cops from Kalighat police station picked them up and charged them under Section 509 IPC (eve-teasing).The duo was produced in court on Saturday and released on bail. The duo was identified as Biswanath Chouhan and Gopal Hazari. \"Both the accused are from Kasba. They are fish traders,\" said an investigator. Police said both the men were drunk.On September 13, shopkeepers and pedestrians had chased down two eve-teasers at Central Avenue after they were caught passing lewd comments at two schoolgirls. They were beaten up by the mob before being handed over to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511378", "title": "Dreams taking wings", "text": "Going to Dubai? How about taking a direct flight from Bhubaneswar! This can be a reality as early as March-April next year if Biju Patnaik airport authorities are to be believed. Domestic air travel to and from the city is also going to be a whole new experience in another three months, they say. While decks are being cleared for elevation of the Biju Patnaik airport to international status, Fly Dubai airlines has already expressed interest to link the temple city with Dubai. Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Thursday assured chief minister Naveen Patnaik in New Delhi of starting international flights from the city soon. Singh also told Naveen that his ministry would advise Air India and other domestic airlines to start international operations from Bhubaneswar. \"By December, the domestic terminal will be shifted to the upcoming state-of-the-art building while the existing terminal will be used for international flights. All necessary clearances are in place. The runways are already fit for landing and taking off of international flights,\" Biju Patnaik airport director Sharad Kumar told TOI on Saturday. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) will soon create space for security checking, excise and customs clearance besides setting up duty-free shops in the international terminal, he said. Kumar said Fly Dubai has shown interest to start flights to Dubai the moment the city starts operating international flights. Several other airlines are also considering the option. This apart, domestic flying from the city is all set to get more stylish with the new two-storeyed modern terminal, with a direct access road to Ekamra Square near Capital Hospital, nearing completion. With three aerobridges, modern booking offices and trusses supporting a massive arch, the main lounge of the new terminal will be as good as any in the country, the airport director promised. Like in the metro cities, domestic passengers will use aerobridges for reaching the arrival lounge from the airplanes. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has developed the new terminal at an estimated cost of Rs 150 crore as part of AAI's upgrade of 35 non-metro airports in the country. The capital city's business community has welcomed the possibilities. \"International air connectivity will be a major boost to industrial and investment opportunities in the state. It will open floodgates for tourists and business travellers,\" said Debashis Patnaik, convenor of Invest Bhubaneswar, a business forum promoting entrepreneurship. Even as the existing airport has geared up for international operations, the state government has identified over 2,000 acre land, around 40 km south of the city on the National Highway 5, for a future airport. \"The land near Jankia and Malipada villages was surveyed by the Khurda district administration. Land parcel has to be kept ready for a future airport when the existing one will be too overcrowded,\" said a senior government official. The area currently comprising 20 villages, including Gayabandha, Malipada, Dalaka, Pota and Gudipada, a large tract of cashew plantation by Orissa State Cashew Development Corporation, among others, are being considered for the future airport. It is considered a strategic location on the NH for Cuttack, Bhubaneswar Puri and Berhampur. The government would send the identified land details to AAI for a feasibility study, government sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509320", "title": "Man run over in East Delhi, driver held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was killed after a car ran over him in Mayur Vihar, east Delhi, on Saturday. The driver, Swati Khanna, has been arrested. The victim, about 25-27 years old, was in front of Samachar Apartments when the accident took place. The woman, who had a child with her while she was driving a Mahindra Legend, was going towards Vasaundhara Enclave from Mayur Vihar Extension, said cops.The victim, who was well dressed, is yet to be identified. \"The driver has been held. There were no registration papers in the car and the tyres were in poor condition,\" said a senior cop. The victim was catapulted forwards after the collision and fell on a big stone, said cops. \"He fell hard on the stone, which caused fatal injuries. He was taken to hospital, but died on the way,\" added the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510005", "title": "Security system to detect criminals at rly station", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur division of Central Railway will install the Rs 8-crore integrated security system which will detect the 'wanted criminals' once they enter the premises and alert security personnel at platforms.The announcement for this was first made in 2009 but it is yet to be installed. \"The system should be operational this year,\" said divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit during the 28th foundation day function of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) at Ajni.Senior divisional security commissioner A Ibrahim Sheriff and additional DRM Uday Borwankar were also present.The security system will have a software to detect criminals entering the premises and help the personnel to act immediately.The new plan includes among other things, 180 surveillance cameras at strategic places, plasma televisions, high capacity scanners for baggage, cargo and vehicles, and a perimeter wall.Dixit said the railways have provided modern weapons (40 units of AK-47s) and training to RPF personnel.Betul bagged the best maintained unit award. Inspector BD Ippar won the shield for cases under Railway Act while DK Pillai of Ballarshah and S K Rai from Chandrapur were awarded for best crime control and best detection, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16510235", "title": "Agriculture officer, two others held for duping couple", "text": "AMRAVATI: A deputy superintendent of agriculture and a clerk attached with agriculture department, Morshi were among three arrested for duping a couple on the pretext of giving job. Frejarpura Police arrested deputy superintendent Arun Mahalle, clerk Hemant Yawle and Keshav Vidhale.Two years ago the agriculture department had carried out a recruitment drive for filling up the post of clerks. Hemant demanded Rs 8 lakh from his 'good friend' Milind Panekar to give a job to his wife Shilpa Panekar. Milind, who works with a private company, showed his inability to pay the sum. After negotiations, the deal was fixed at Rs 6 lakh. Milind assured Hemant to give the money in instalments. He accordingly paid the first instalment of Rs 1.60 lakh to Hemant two years ago.Later, Hemant demanded Rs 2 lakh which Milind again paid. But after several months when Hemant did not show up, Milind contacted him and inquired about the job. Fed up with his calls, Hemant contacted deputy superintendent of agriculture Arun Mahalle, and told him that he would give him Rs 1 lakh if he tells Milind that his work is in progress. Mahalle agreed to cheat Milind and took the money from Hemant.Mahalle too demanded Rs 2.15 lakh from Milind, saying that he would help in getting his wife the job at the earliest. Milind gave money to Mahalle and waited for some months, but when he did not get any news about the recruitment, he started calling Mahalle repeatedly. Mahalle then showed his inability to give the job. Faced with no other option, Milind thought of lodging a police complaint.When Hemant learnt that Milind had made his mind to lodge a complaint against him, he cooked up a plan against Milind with the help of his father-in-law Keshav Vidhale. As per their plan, Vidhale complained to police that Milind has kidnapped his son-in-law Hemant. Taking cognisance of Keshav's complaint, police called Milind for inquiry and Milind narrated his plight and showed police proofs of how Hemant had duped him and his wife of Rs 5.75 lakh. Police then lodged a complaint against Arun Mahalle, Hemant Yawle and Keshav Vidhale under relevant Sections of IPC.The three accused were produced in court on Thursday, which granted police custody of the trio till September 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510297", "title": "Toll-free number to lodge complaint against eve-teasers", "text": "LUCKNOW: With a view to check harassment of girls through indecent SMS and MMS on mobile phones, the UP police is starting toll free phone number service for registering complaints. \"Through this toll free number, the victims will be able to lodge their complaints and their identity will be kept secret, \" IG, law and order, BP Singh said. Tracing the phone number, the conversation would be recorded and if required it (recording) would later be used as evidence in the court, Singh said .Flooded track sealed: Railways stopped movement of trains on the Gonda-Mailani metre gauge rail track. The track between Palia Kalan-Dudhwa is flooded due to heavy rains and the track will resume once the water recedes. Due to flooding of the track, train no. 52255/52256 Gonda-Mailani passenger will remain cancelled between Mailani-Dudhwa. Train no. 52257-52260 Gonda-Mailani passenger will remain cancelled between Mailani-Bilrayen. Train no. 15315/15316 Gonda-Bareilly Express will be cancelled between Mailani-Gonda.Pranic healing: CKS Yoga Vidya Pranic Healig Trust will host Master Daphne Bigcas of World Pranic Healing Foundation to hold spiritual business management workshop in the city from Saturday. The workshop will continue for three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510294", "title": "50crore package to boost tourism in Mathura", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday got a first hand experience of 'cleanliness' in Mathura and Vrindavan, one of the most visited tourist spots in the state. \"Cleanliness is a must in this area and all paraphernalia required for this should be arranged,\" he said after inaugurating a community kitchen during his visit to Mathura.Tourists and tour operators have been complaining of pathetic civic condition in the city for a long time. But both local administration and the state tourism department have not been able to redress their woes. A group of tourists from Lucknow who recently went to Mathura rued poor civic condition in the place. \"Choked drains that stink all the time, stray animals and piles of garbage spread on most corners of the city welcome a tourist when he heads to get a glimpse of Banke Bihari. The filth from the drains spreads on the road each time it rains,\" said Alpana Mishra, who lives in Indiranagar.Meera Srivastava, who was also a part of the same group said, \"The civic situation in Mathura is sure to give a bad image of UP. No wonder foreigners think of India as a land of snake charmers.\" However, with the chief minister himself stressing on cleanliness in the place, there may be hope for tourists. \"The place invites scores of pilgrims and tourists from all over the world and therefore, it is important to keep the place presentable,\" he said announcing projects worth Rs 50 crore to improve tourist and pilgrim facilities in Mathura-Vrindavan-Govardhan.The CM also announced construction of a new bridge over Yamuna to replace the dilapidated old bridge and beautification of ghats and ponds. Yadav stated that roads damaged in the rains would be repaired at a cost of Rs 8 crore. A sum of Rs 4 crore, he said would be spent on upgrading and widening of the Barsana-Kosikalan Road, while the widening and beautification of Govardhan 'Kuccha' Parikrama path would be done at a cost of Rs 1 crore. At the inauguration ceremony of the community kitchen of the Akshaypatra Organisation, an NGO, the CM said that many other development schemes and projects would be undertaken in Mathura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "carambolim", "code": "16509100", "title": "Lone woman coolie mans Goa station", "text": "CARAMBOLIM: Dressed in a bright blue sari with a rag tied around her waist, 40-year-old Shashi Bomkar is busy with disinfectants and mops at the gents waiting room of Goa's Karmali railway station at 11am. She can pass off for any other cleaning lady, if one is not around half-an-hour later to witness the transformation.At 11.30am, a grainy voice through the station speaker announces the arrival of the Konkan Kanya Express and Shashi switches roles. She unties the rag around her waist, wipes off the beads of sweat over her eyebrows and puts on the red shirt of a porter's uniform over her sari. She then pulls out a green trolley to carry her customers' luggage and stands five-feet-tall to receive passengers.The other porter at the station-where only a select few trains stop everyday-is a male, Ankush Parvatkar. When the train arrives, Ankush is immediately approached by a passenger to carry his luggage to the exit. Passengers walk past Shashi's calls to carry their luggage, most pulling their wheeled baggage smoothly through the sunny weather.But nature will not allow Shashi to turn away disheartened on this particular day. A sudden bout of rain hits the station and a couple of passengers quickly throw their luggage into Shashi's trolley. She runs to the safety of the station's tin-roof shelter with the bags.\"My husband was working at this station as a porter. He passed away eight years ago. It was sudden and I had two young children-a daughter and a son-to raise,\" says Shashi. With no relatives to support her financially, then station master, Mohammad Yunnis, spoke to the railways' higher authorities in Margao and got her this job. \"I took it up as I did not want my children to give up schooling,\" says the determined woman, as she waits for the train to pull into the station.With no more than four trains making a stop at the station everyday, Shashi found it difficult to make ends meet. Soon enough she was hired by the contractor in-charge of sanitation at the station.\"I live in a mud house 25 minutes away from the station. I wake up at 4.30am to do the housework and prepare my children for school and college. Once they leave, I report to work at 7am. I clean the station's waiting rooms and the railway tracks. When the trains arrive I put on the porter's uniform and look for customers,\" said Shashi.Station master Sangeeta Shirgaonkar said Shashi stays at the station till 10pm at times because she does not want to be absent when passengers arrive. ``She does not want passengers to complain, which might go into her record.\"Shashi proudly tells anyone who is willing to listen how her son is now studying in Class VII and, more importantly, how her daughter has enrolled in a college in the commerce stream. \"I want both my children to complete their graduation.''It wasn't easy initially for the homemaker to start working that too as a porter in a male-dominated field. \"Initially it felt odd for me as well as the passengers. But I have no qualms about my work. Some regular passengers know me and prefer to hire me as they know my financial and family situation. The labour involved does not bother me as I was used to carrying wood from the forests for cooking even as a homemaker.''She earns a fixed sum of Rs 4,000 for cleaning the station, but earnings from the porter's job remain fickle.\"On some days I earn around Rs 100 and on others not even a rupee. But it's enough to run my house, and everyone treats me well at the station. I haven't encountered any major problems as a woman porter in the last eight years,\" said Shashi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509279", "title": "Govt set to revise safety norms for infra projects", "text": "MUMBAI: Claiming that frequent mishaps at ongoing infrastructure projects in Mumbai were giving the government a bad name, the state government has decided to revise safety norms for such projects. The government has plans to make appointment of independent safety advisers mandatory for these projects. Sources said the state urban development (UD) department has already moved a proposal in this regard to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.In July this year, an expert panel appointed to probe one such mishap had recommended appointment of independent safety advisers to prevent future mishaps. N V Merani, chairman of the standing technical advisory committee (STAC) on roads, led the panel.The UD department has formulated its proposal on the basis of the panel's recommendation.According to the proposal, projects being executed on build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis must appoint a third party safety adviser while MMRDA could deploy its own safety advisers for other projects.Since April this year, the city has witnessed two major and six smaller mishaps at different project sites. Collectively, the incidents have resulted in two deaths and caused injuries to over 23 people. State officials said some of these incidents have exposed lack of adequate safety measures at these sites.State officials said the CM has issued orders directing MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana to review the recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511017", "title": "Play acting is a great stress buster, says expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: Reeling under academic stress or peer pressure? Smear a bit of grease paint and dabble in a bit of amateur theatre. This seemed to be the message at the auditorium at CMS College of Science and Commerce on Saturday. More than 20 students from various academic streams assembled to attend a drama workshop conducted to identify and enhance their theatrical skills and give them a break from their daily routine of academics and project work.\"It is nice to see youth showing an active interest in drama and theatre. It is also a good way to bust academic stress. It will also help them shed their inhibitions and become more eloquent,\" said A Achuthan, a retired Hindi professor and a former member of Kendra Sahithya Academy. Achuthan was the resource person for the three day workshop that concluded at the college with participants staging multiple skits in Hindi, Malayalam and Tamil.Students, with the support of faculty members, presented the final performance before a select audience comprising of their college mates and special invitees. The rehearsals lasted till late afternoon as costumes and props to be utilised on stage were being finalised.\"It is the best way to fight stage fear and improve communication skills. Moreover, it is also good fun to rehearse and perform a drama with college mates,\" said C Sangeetha, a B Com second year student of the college.Teachers agree that being part of plays help students in several ways. G Sujatha Bai, an assistant professor at the college who is secretary of the Fine Arts Association of the college says there have been instances when depressed students found theatre as a way to deal with their problems. She says that they conduct similar programmes every year which has helped students in many ways. \"There have been instances when students who were home sick and wanted to discontinue the course overcame their problems after some training in theatre,\" she says.Students also point out that this is an opportunity to become creative. M Muthuraja, a second year B. Com student says that this is a chance to be creative and innovative. \"It is fun to write scripts. It is a great outlet for my creative energy. Acting in a play is a wholesome experience which we do not get in the classroom,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510336", "title": "Baba Hardev Singh quits as RLD state president", "text": "LUCKNOW: Resentment brewing within the Ajit Singh-led Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) ranks with their top leadership came to the fore on Saturday after party state president Baba Hardev Singh resigned from the post. Four other office-bearers tendered resignation in support of their leader.Speaking to TOI, Singh said he tendered his resignation on grounds of 'principles'. While he refused to disclose the reason behind his resignation in detail, sources said Singh was particularly peeved with the party leadership which has chosen to remain with the Congress despite the decision allowing FDI in retail sector.Singh, a bureaucrat-turned-politician, had joined RLD before the assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh and was elevated to the position of state president. He contested assembly polls from Etmadpur constituency in Agra but lost. The party could manage only nine seats in all including Mant which was won by Jayant Chaudhary only to be lost in the by-elections. Later, RLD chief Ajit Singh came close to Congress and became union civil aviation minister in the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511199", "title": "700 elderly walk for fun", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Police organized Walk for Fun in association with the Chandigarh Senior Citizen Association, on Saturday at Sukhna Lake. Around 700 participants joined the event. The program was flagged-off by senior police and administrative officers of UT led by UT advisor K K Sharma. School children also joined the function and after the walk took part in fun activities like tug-of-war and musical chair. Winners of both events were awarded certificates of appreciation.During the program, senior citizens addressed the need for stricter enforcement of traffic rules, especially for two-wheelers and school rickshaws, check on PG accommodation, colonies problem, action against unofficial paid parking areas, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16511318", "title": "Disease claims 20 cows in Dindigul", "text": "MADURAI: About 20 cows owned by villagers in Karisalpatti in Rediyarchathiran union in Dindigul district have succumbed to a suspected outbreak of foot and mouth disease in the past one week causing panic among the people, who are dependent on milch animals for their livelihood.Dindigul district has about 30,000 cattle owned by its people and they are vaccinated free of cost twice a year by the department of animal husbandry. A few days ago, Seemati Amalraj of Sebestian Street in the village noticed his two cows looking sick, salivating at the mouth with blisters in the mouth and foot. The two animals died one after another, much to the family's disappointment. Similarly, Lakshmanan who lives on the same street, lost two cows in the next two days. Three animals owned by Palanimuthan of North Street also succumbed one after another. This is in spite of the government having administered vaccines to the animals of this village a week ago.Joseph Amalraj, a teacher, whose cow is breathing her last, says that he believes the vaccines were given a a little late. \"My aged mother is inconsolable now that my cow is sick and from the symptoms, we suspect the foot and mouth disease,\" he said. Amalraj says that there are takers for the dead animals, ready at the doorstep as soon as the death is confirmed. \"They offer us about Rs 3,000 for the cows we bought for Rs 40,000. But the heartbroken villagers are ready to give away the dead animals for nothing, on condition that the animals is taken far beyond the boundaries of the village to prevent the spread of the deadly disease,\" he said.Foot and mouth disease is a highly contagious viral disease, requiring immediate action to quarantine the affected animals from the non-infected ones. It can spread through air and from humans when they handle the infected and healthy animals at the same time.Sudamani, husband of the Karisalpatti panchayat president Kulandai Terasu, said he believed that about 15 animals had died in the past one week. Our village has about 400 cows, but now we have conducted two vaccination camps in the past one week.Chief veterinary doctor Ravichandran said that the death of so many animals was news to him and that only to the best of his knowledge only two calves had died. \"But I will visit the village and find out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16510624", "title": "Santosh Hegde says he supports only Anna Hazare", "text": "MYSORE: Former Lokayukta Justice Santosh Hegde on Saturday said that he will stay away from Arvind Kejirwal's decision to form a political party, but continue to support social activist Anna Hazare .Answering a query after inaugurating cultural activities at Maharani's Arts and Commerce College for Women here, he said the gap is widening in Team Anna with regard to forming political party.When another student asked as to why can't he join politics to bring in change, he said youths must join politics to rid the society of social evils. On whether he is facing threat after submitting a report on illegal mining,Justice Hegde said politicians are frightened by the report, and \"I even refused to take security as suggested by an IGP\". \"I will support Prof H B Mallikarjun's campaign against corruption in the state. We have enough leaders, but not followers. I will become one of the followers and support him,\" he said.Lokpal Bill may be implemented before Vidhan Sabha and Lok Sabha elections, otherwise politicians may find it hard to beg for votes, he felt. He advised the students to report to Lokayukta if anyone demands bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16511263", "title": "Normal process bypassed, no one has seen blueprint: Delhi University teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the teachers' protests against the four-year system proposed to be introduced sound like a general rant, it's probably because they still don't know what they are up against. \"Absolutely no idea,\" says Mitali Mishra, who teaches English at Lady Shri Ram College, of a course she is expected to start teaching in nine months. Most college teachers and principals and, worryingly enough, even faculties appear to be in the dark about the structure and content of the new four-year courses. \"We only have the information we are getting from newspapers,\" says Mishra.The teachers have protested against nearly all the major reforms implemented since 2009. Last time it was the semester system. \"But then they had, at least, asked for our opinion. This time, no response has been sought,\" says Nandita Narain, senior mathematics teacher at St Stephen's College. Seniormost teachers in the faculties admit \"we haven't received any official communication\" or that \"we are not involved in designing courses\" and \"if someone is involved unofficially, we don't know\".The teachers are critical of the 'exits' allowed to students under the new system. \"This will only encourage the low-income groups, women and reserved category students to pull out early,\" says Narain. The possibility of a 'meta college' system is also alarming. \"It destroys the student-teacher and student-institution relationships. They want students and teachers to be nomadic ,\" says Narain. \"A student asked me if her sister will be studying English next year. I couldn't tell her if we'll even have the course,\" says Mishra.Infrastructure is going to be a serious challenge. The colleges are \"splitting at the seams\" after implementation of the 27% OBC reservation resulted in a 54% increase in intake. The new system will add another 54,000 students to the varsity's undergraduate roll-strength . Pradyuman Kumar, principal, Hindu College, admits it will put a severe strain on the infrastructure. \"We are getting two of our old buildings renovated. Plans for new buildings are caught up in paperwork. We'll have to create rooms in existing buildings,\" says Kumar. He adds that the four-year course may work if it is \"designed carefully and intelligently.\" But he, like everyone else, doesn't know who's designing it.Teachers, of course, have been scarce for many years now. In many colleges, there has been no recruitment for years. According to Delhi University Teachers' Association, 4,000 teaching posts are vacant . DU makes do with ad-hoc teachers and guest lecturers. Sources say Deen Dayal Upadhyaya and Kalindi Colleges have more ad hoc than permanent teachers . At Shri Ram College of Commerce, 50% and at St Stephen's College, 20% teachers are ad hoc. Hindu College is short of 22 teachers.Conventionally, for course change, broad structures are first created by small groups of teachers and opinions sought from staff councils. The committee of courses - statutory bodies attached to departments -after gathering inputs, puts the design together for the faculty. The final approval comes from the academic council. \"This entire process has been bypassed. The blueprint hasn't been placed before anyone,\" says Narain, \"Instead announcements have been made at big melas where students have been gathered like they do at political rallies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510792", "title": "In search of Gandhi", "text": "PATNA: The famous Ajanta caves in Maharashtra are worth a visit, but a few kilometres away, there's a fascinating quiet place called Jalgaon. Here, located in a property called the Jain Hills, is a phenomenon that has already found echoes in distant north Bihar. But first, a story:It was 1985. A farsighted industrialist wanted to set up a factory to manufacture resin, the raw material for PVC pipes. It was the 'licence raj'. So he needed a licence. The file arrived in New Delhi. The project was accepted. All it needed was one crucial signature, that of the minister. The minister called the businessman to Delhi to discuss the deal. The 'cost' of the signature was 5 crore rupees.The man said that all his life he had accomplished everything on merit, and he had never paid a single rupee as bribe. He told the minister that if there was merit in the proposal, there was no reason to pay the bribe. The signature never went on the file. Fifteen days later, a licence was granted to a competitor. The man who refused to pay a bribe was Bhavarlal H Jain, whose group became the undisputed king of PVC pipes a decade later.This Gandhian industrialist, now chairperson of the largest irrigation systems manufacturing group in the country, that has gifted the world one of the most amazing tributes to the Mahatma, the first-ever dedicated multimedia Museum named 'Gandhi Teerth'.A walk through the museum takes about three hours. On entry, the visitor is handed an electronic gadget with a set of headphones. The guest can choose to receive the narration in Hindi or English.In the first gallery, 'Wants and Needs', the guest is confronted with a touch-screen and asked to make an 'avatar' of himself - to choose the house, clothes, and lifestyle he wants from a set of visuals. The next exhibit shows his face (recorded by the camera) and along with it his lifestyle and the how 'cost-effective' it is for Mother Earth. This is the first of eleven stages of the 'Gandhi Pilgrimage': the childhood, influences, student life, journey to England, then India, then South Africa, then the return to India and Champaran and so on. Each gallery has surprises, experiences and new learning opportunities.Mahatma Gandhi's school leaving results, for instance, is an eye opener. He didn't even make it to forty percent! Paintings, sculptures, replicas of lifestyle items, actual artefacts used by Gandhi, and audio-visual magic that transports you to the sights and sounds of the late 19th and early 20th century: it's an experience to remember and cherish.But that's not all. Before you leave, witness the work being done across India by different 'Gandhians in action', people using their skills and knowledge to make India's villages work.Gandhi Research Foundation, founded by Padma Shri Bhavarlal Jain, (the industrialist in the story) is an international academic and research organization that doesn't limit itself to armchair philosophy. It is actively involved in helping surrounding villages grow organic crops, adopt waterharvesting, improve the condition of their schools, and aspire to a better economic status through small income generation measures that will be linked to viable marketing strategies.In Bihar, Bhavarlal Jain, through the Gandhi Research Foundation, has offered technical support to the Gandhi Shodh Sansthan in a sleepy undiscovered corner of West Champaran. Every week, scores of schoolchildren from neighbouring schools go to this ordinary looking building to experience Gandhiji and admire replicas and material made possible by the GRF. They also learn to spin thread on a charkha. This is not all.Several young people between the ages of 21 and 32 are already making their way to Bhitiharwa. They are educated, articulate achievers from across India, with one vision: to develop an environment friendly, humane, responsible and Gandhian approach to rural development in one of Bihar's most backward districts.Mahatma Gandhi , on 20 November 1917, had established his second basic school at Bhitiharwa. His development work was based on education, sanitation, and health. In his autobiography, he expressed his regret that his work in Champaran was left unfinished, because of the lack of committed local volunteers. It is just possible, that 95 years on, the youngsters of Bihar will rise to the occasion and by 2017, Champaran will show signs of a vibrant 'gram swaraj'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16515057", "title": "Goa Congress files complaint against chief minister Parrikar for geologist's suicide", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Congress on Sunday filed police complaint against chief minister Manohar Parrikar for allegedly abetting suicide of a suspended mines and geology department official.Congress leader Sudip Tamankar lodged the complaint at Ponda police station claiming that harassment meted out to assistant geologist Dattatray Bhave, along with five other officials who were suspended for their alleged involvement in illegal mining activity, prompted Bhave to commit suicide.The complaint said Parrikar should be interrogated and booked for his alleged role in the suicide.Bhave had committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Ponda town on September 21.His family had alleged that Bhave was humiliated, mentally tortured and harassed by the department after the suspension, which forced him to take the extreme step.A senior police official said they will be studying the charges levelled in the complaint before proceeding with further action.Meanwhile, BJP's Goa spokesman Wilfred Mesquita said the Congress was \"trying to draw mileage from the suicide incident.\"The officer should have faced the inquiry instead of killing himself, Mesquita said.Parrikar had asked local deputy collector to initiate an inquiry in the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509332", "title": "Telangana-talks on in Delhi: Kiran", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy confirmed on Saturday that talks are being held at the highest level in New Delhi to sort out the Telangana issue, Seemandhra Congress ministers and legislators vowed to oppose the division of the state in any form tooth and nail.\"Consultations are in progress. They are being held in two phases, one at the party level and the other at the Union government level. First, the party would announce its decision after which the UPA government would declare its decision,\" the chief minister told the media during an informal interaction in his chambers in the Assembly on Saturday.Kiran said he was not sure as to when the consultation process would conclude. He also said the consultations were taking place at various levels and the fact that TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao was camping in Delhi was itself an indication of the ongoing consultations.The CM said his proposed visit to Delhi on Sunday has been cancelled. \"I am ready to go to Delhi whenever I am summoned,\" is all he said when repeatedly asked as to when he would be visiting the national capital in connection with the Telangana issue. However, he refused to express his stance on the T issue. \"Life is full of uncertainties. The situation in the next moment will not be the same as it is now. Still, I am optimistic of a positive outcome,\" Kiran Kumar said.Hoping that the Centre would give clarity on the Telangana issue as it did in 1969 and 1971, the CM said there was nothing wrong if Seemandhra leaders held a meeting to voice their demand for united Andhra Pradesh.Meanwhile, about 40 Seemandhra Congress legislators at a meeting here on Saturday firmly resolved to stall any attempt to divide the state by reviving the \"united Andhra Pradesh movement\" throughout the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16510460", "title": "People power! Biogas for 3 Quepem villages", "text": "QUEPEM: Against the backdrop of the central government restricting the supply of subsidized LPG cylinders to just six per household, about 350 households in the remote interiors of Quepem taluka are opting for Biomethanation units that produce biogas from kitchen and vegetable waste.About 12 villagers representing Padi, Quisconda and Gokuldem villages had visited the manufacturers\u2014Vivekananda Kendra-Natrual Resources Development Project (NARDEP)\u2014in Kanyakumari, Tamil Nadu , a few months ago for a training course. They ordered 20 units.With the units having reached the villages, the stoves are expected to be set up and geared for functioning in a week's time.\"The 20 units cost 18,500 each. But this is completely funded by the state government under the watershed development project. Those who have purchased the units have to pay just 2,000 which is the cost for transportation and setting up,\" explained George Quadros, project manager and priest of the Quepem Salesian Society who accompanied the villagers to Kanyakumari.Society members say it's the 2,000 that kept the number of orders to just 20, as these are mostly poor villagers. But the number of interested is picking up and the three villages' 350 households are expected to make the switch shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510612", "title": "Chemical industry to get a national centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The department of chemicals and petrochemicals has proposed to set up a National Chemical Centre to address all issues affecting the chemical sector in the country.According to A J V Prasad, joint secretary, department of chemicals and petrochemicals, ministry of chemicals and fertilizers, the centre will be created to monitor international trade practices and identify opportunities for innovation and technology.\"The centre will conduct research and development for the industry apart from addressing issues of tariffs, monitoring import and export, maintaining a chemical inventory besides disseminating information about hazardous chemicals,\" said Prasad, who was the chief guest at the one-day international chemical conclave by Gujarat Chemicals Association (GCA) in the city on Saturday.The proposal has been made in the draft national chemical policy to facilitate the growth and development of chemical sector.Prasad also emphasized on the importance of innovation and technology at state level. \"Gujarat is a chemical and petrochemicals hub and must become an innovation hub. We have proposed regional laboratories in India for churning out innovations and research. At the moment, we are getting inputs from the industry,\" said Prasad, adding that Gujarat will receive a major chunk out of the Rs 500 crore corpus created by the Centre for research and development.The theme of the event was 'Gujarat, Emerging a Global Chemical Hub - Opportunities and Road Map. Among the speakers were K U Mistry, chairman, Gujarat Pollution Control Board, Gandhinagar , Raman Trikala, managing director, Wacker Chemie India and Savan Godiawala, senior director, Corporate Finance, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India.Jaimin Vasa, president, GCA, said that chemical sector is working towards adopting cleaner technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16511223", "title": "Delhi University's 4-year degree roadmap not clear", "text": "DELHI: Reforms seems to be the buzzword everywhere and, at least in Delhi University, it's breaking news that has caught the academic community off-guard . Into the second year of implementation of the semester system at the undergraduate level, Delhi University is embarking on another round of radical reforms with a four-year-degree system. Expected to roll out from the 2013-14 academic session , provided it receives approval of the statutory bodies - academic and executive councils - this will be the first structural reforms of its kind in a university of the size of DU in the country. This will be followed by reforms at postgraduate level.For such a giant step that will dramatically change the course content, the manner in which students approach a degree course and the number of students to be accommodated in the university, there has been very little debate or consultations with stakeholders it seems. Forget the Class XII students who will be appearing for their board examinations without any orientation to the new system.The four-year course will have exit options in the second and third year, allow breaks and completion within 10 years, be less rigid about studying various disciplines and allow credits, even from sports and extra-curricular activities. The pros and cons can be debated but teachers are worried about the unseemly hurry to introduce the change without any consultations, preparations or roadmap. They say they have been kept completely in the dark with none of the statutory bodies being formally informed of the reforms .The questions being raised reflect the academic community's anxiety. Are reforms like a four-year-degree course at the undegraduate level really necessary? Or is DU simply becoming a laboratory for the HRD ministry's agenda on higher education? Why are teachers not being consulted via staff councils? \"In comparison to the semesters , this is a much bigger change being proposed. For semesters, the first proposal was placed in the academic council .Feedback was sought from the staff councils of various colleges. This time, teachers have no idea what it will be like. Even now, there is no communication on the proposed reforms,\" said Nandita Narain, senior mathematics teacher at St Stephen's College.There are also allegations of a bigger and sinister plan of HRD Minister Kapil Sibal to push forward the 'higher education reforms' and make DU a centre for experimentation. \"There are inherent strengths and weaknesses in all education systems. What we need to deliberate upon and debate is whether there is something wrong with the threeyear system,\" asked Sanjaya Bohidar, an economics teacher of Shri Ram College of Commerce. \"Is it necessary to switch gears in such a hurry? These are proposals that only prime minister Manmohan Singh and HRD minister Sibal are talking about. We don't know about the pre-requisites for such major structural changes and yet these are being imposed on us. This implies that the objective is not to improve quality but something else. Is this not an attempt to create a uniform model for credit transfer to private foreign institutions when they come? It is all about recasting higher education as a business model.\" Vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh defends the plan, saying it's not an imitation but has been developed for the benefit of society. \"This is the need of the country and society. We can't be removed from it as we are a publiclyfunded institution. Moreover, we have to give the students some degree of freedom and also its time teachers should be allowed to play the role of true mentors.\"But why experiment with a large university like DU where students at the undergraduate and post-graduate levels and thousands of teachers will be impacted at once? Is DU then to be reduced to a 'feeder' institution for foreign universities to recruit students and teachers from. \"This is 'academic corruption' . Why can't they start the reform process with the national policy which endorses the 10+2+3 system?\" said a physics teacher from Miranda House, Abha Dev Habib.On the designing of the courses, Singh said: \"This will be a dynamic curriculum and we will not allow continuing with the same syllabus for 40 years. On the issue of consultations, I have interacted informally with 4,000 teachers and 700 have been divided into smaller groups and are engaged in devising the structure. I want to assure all that no process will be violated and we will go to the statutory bodies for their approvals.\"\"We need more classrooms and laboratories for the present crop. Infrastructure will be further strained,\" said principal of Hindu College Pradyuman Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509955", "title": "Unhealthy posting!", "text": "NAGPUR: Three years after the Nagpur high court ruled, on a petition filed by assistant health officer (sanitation) Dr Milind Ganvir, that the post of deputy director of health (DDH) in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation is illegal, he is holding its additional charge and issuing orders since the past nine months.The court is yet to pass a final order on the issue. Naturally, Ganvir has not pursued his legal fight after being elevated to the post.Ganvir had filed the case when Dr Rajan Pradhan was appointed DDH on January 1, 2009. Pradhan took voluntary retirement in September last year in view of the controversy. Two months later, the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal then asked Ganvir to take charge as DDH despite the contrary court ruling.Today, Ganvir is enjoying power and privileges of the post, with both health officers (sanitation and medical) reporting to him. The entire health department, with all its hospitals and doctors, is also administered by him.Ganvir had filed a writ petition in 2009 challenging the appointment of Pradhan as DDH, claiming the post could not exist in NMC as the highest post in the health department was of 'health officer'. Ganvir, who was then assistant health officer, also pleaded that there was only one post of 'health officer', and by seniority and qualifications he was the lone candidate for the post.The high court observed that the DDH post was not created as per proper procedure, and so was illegal. On December 14, 2009, the HC directed NMC not to fill the post without prior permission. The court observed that the post of DDH is nowhere contemplated under the City of Nagpur Corporation (CNC) Act. It also said the health officer should be a principal officer, and cannot be subordinated by the DDH. It only allowed NMC to appoint or promote suitable officer to the post of health officer.On March 11, 2010, the HC also said that the corporation should not have created two posts of health officers, since only one post is permitted under the CNC Act; again allowing NMC to promote suitable officer to post.Appointment letters of health officers and DDHs, court observations, papers submitted by Ganvir and NMC in court (all documents procured by a citizen under RTI), and investigations by TOI, have revealed many irregularities in appointments in the health department. Even as Ganvir signs documents as DDH, his actual post continues to be 'assistant health officer'. In effect, he is holding additional charge of a post created illegally, that too two levels above his designation!The DDH post was created by the then NMC commissioner T Chandrashekhar in 2001, with the state government deputing an officer to the post for one year. After that, only Dr SG Kimmatkar was promoted to the post with the higher pay scale. Later, all officers have held the post of DDH as additional charge, with no financial benefits.Sources in NMC say Ganvir has used his influence to retain the post. \"The NMC is a mess. Only people with influence can survive. I opted for voluntary retirement since I couldn't bear the political pressures and administrative interference in my work, although I was senior to Ganvir,\" said a retired DDH not wanting to be named.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane said the records show the post was created following an NMC resolution of May 13, 2000. The corporation sent a proposal to the government to create the post of DDH. The state sanctioned the post on November 14, 2003. A fresh proposal was sent after the state government appointee MS Pimpalgaonkar quit the post, and the post was given to Dr Kimmatkar. The post continues thereafter without any financial benefits, and was vacant for three years, between 2006 and 2009.Wardhane said documents show Ganvir had also filed a contempt petition on December 1, 2010 against NMC not abolishing the DDH's post. He, however, withdrew it. \" I'll seek legal opinion before taking any action,\" said the commissioner.Ganvir himself sees nothing wrong in holding a post he had challenged in the high court. \"If I had refused this post, my junior would have been appointed there. How could I work under my junior?\" he said. \"I am only following the commissioner's orders,\" Ganvir added.Sources in NMC say Ganvir withdrew the contempt of court petition after he was appointed to the post. \"I did not pursue the contempt plea as it was not in my favour,\" Ganvir told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16510402", "title": "110 veterinary doctors submit resignations", "text": "BELGAUM: As many as 110 veterinary doctors from across the district submitted their resignation letters to the deputy director of animal husbandry department B S Jambagi here on Friday, demanding restructuring the department according to the recommendations of Meera Saxena, development commissioner and chairman of the high power committee. Doctors said government had announced during the budget session about implementing the recommendations of high power committee but not a single step has been taken so far in this regard.Recommendations comprise salary to veterinary doctors on the lines of doctors in health department, opening veterinary hospitals at every hobli, separate office at taluk levels, policlinics at district levels and creating posts according to the requirement.85 resign in Davanagere As many as 85 veterinary doctors serving in Davanagere district submitted their resignation letters to the DC S.S.Pattana Shetty here on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509195", "title": "Women catch three snatchers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three women \u2014 a Miranda House student, a teacher and an IT professional \u2014 showed immense courage by nabbing three snatchers on Friday.Swati Goswami, Miranda House student, pinned down a snatcher at Mukherjee Nagar; Reena Verma, a teacher at a public school in Vasant Kunj, pulled back a snatcher who was trying make off after snatching her gold chain. Delhi Police has decided to reward both the women, who suffered minor injuries.Elsewhere, Anju, the IT professional, held onto a snatcher who tried to pull her chain even as locals rushed to help.In the first incident, around 9pm on Friday night, Chinu Dhamija, a resident of Mukherjee Nagar, was waiting for an autorickshaw at Hakikat Nagar bus stop when a boy, later on identified as Sajjad, snatched her gold chain andstarted running towards the Mall Road.\"I was going towards my house at Bhajanpura when I heard the lady. I did not think twice before deciding to run after him,'' Swati told police.\"Swati was running behind him despite the heavy traffic on Ring Road. A QRT police van stationed near Mukherjee Nagar heard her and head constables Mukesh and Santosh overpowered the accused and nabbed him,'' said P Karunakaran, DCP (northwest).The arrest led cops to solve two other snatching incidents in the same area. The accused was arrested twice earlier.In the second incident, Reena Verma, who resides at the Vasant Enclave area, was headed to her school on Friday at around 8.30 am when two men on a bike came up from beind and snatched her chain. The woman immediately lunged at the pillion rider. Even as the bike picked up speed, Verma kept running after the duo.\"What was amazing was that she did let go of the snatcher even though when there was danger she getting seriously hurt. The pillion rider fell on the ground finally along with Verma. Seeing his accomplice fall on the ground, the rider rode away,\" said a police officer. Verma then shouted for help and the locals nabbed the accused and handed him over to police. The accused was identified as Trilok Singh, a resident of Badaun in UP.In the third incident, Anju, who works in an IT firm in Noida, was walking back to her residence on Friday evening when a snatcher tried to take her chain near the DDA in Park Mayur Vihar Phase-3. The woman held on to the snatcher before finally locals arrived hearing her cries. The locals allegedly beat him up before handing him over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511139", "title": "Sec 19 school to open gates for children to play", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the municipal corporation earmarked 20 locations to develop small playgrounds in the city, there is more good news for the kids. Now a government school in Sector 19 is all set to open its gates for kids to play. The children of the locality will be able to use the school playgrounds once some rules and regulations for its use are formed.The development came following the area municipal councillor, along with some local residents, meeting the school authorities and making a request for the school grounds being thrown open for kids of the locality to play.Like other areas of the city, Sector 19 too doesnt have a designated playground for kids, as a result of which they have been opting for playing on roads. The government model senior secondary school (GMSSS) in Sector 19 has big playgrounds where schoolkids play football, cricket and handball. And as the school boundary wall is also quite high, it is a safe place to play.Sukhneer Sekhon, the GMSSS principal said, During our meeting with the locals, we told them that the kids of the locality would be allowed to use the playgrounds of the school, once we have framed rules and regulations for the safety of the kids. Suryaveer Bali, 12, who lives in the area gushed, There is no safe place where we can play and have fun. We cant go on the roads to play as it is risky and we usually end up watching cartoons on TV at home.Naresh Chaudhary, a resident of Sector 19 while taking to TOI said, It would be really nice if more government schools open their gates for kids to play. Kids in our locality play on the roads, which is a risky proposition, but they dont seem to be having an alternative, therefore providing designated locations for kids to play is the need of the hour.Pretty handyArea municipal councillor Mukesh Bassi, who took up the matter of throwing open the school playgrounds with the school authorities said, Provision of a playground for kids was an important demand of the residents of Sector 19, which falls in my ward. Efforts are being made to construct playgrounds in various localities, but having a readymade playground in the school was a good option. We requested the school authorities and they gave a positive response. I have also requested the local MP to provide funds from the MP land fund to construct big play grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510287", "title": "State-of-art cancer institute in pipeline?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government may not have given a clear stand on banning gutka, a major cause of oral cancer in Uttar Pradesh, but it wants to come up with a state-of-the-art cancer hospital with a research centre of excellence for treatment of oral cancer too. The cancer hospital was proposed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav soon after he assumed charge as chief minister. The medical education department which has been delegated the responsibility to turn the project into a reality is busy preparing a blueprint for the hospital. According to officials, the hospital will be a centre of excellence in oral cancer. It may be noted that the Allahabad High Court has recently pulled up the state government for not imposing a ban on gutka. The court gave 15 days time to the state government to ban the chief cause of oral cancer.When asked to comment on the progress of the project, principal secretary medical education JP Sharma said, \"The land for the cancer institute has been identified. The institute will come up on the Sultanpur road along the Shaheed path in an area of about 14 acres of land owned by the Lucknow Development Authority which is transferring it to us for the project.\" He added that the project plan would be unfolded soon.\"An expert group has been constituted to prepare and present the blueprint,\" he said.Officials informed the expert group has director of JK Cancer Institute Dr AK Dixit. Though Dr Dixit refused to comment, sources said, \"A letter to the group has requested them to conceptualise a hi-tech tertiary care cancer hospital with all facilities for cancer treatment, prevention and education and research under one roof. Some 20 departments would be set up in the institute with a capacity of 500 beds. It will be a centre of excellence for prevention and treatment of oral cancer.\"Officials associated with the project said the CM's dream project will \"borrow positive characteristics from India's best institutes\" and devise a model of its own. The expert group is studying models of cancer centres in India including Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai and Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Hospital, Delhi. Sources said several features in the cancer hospital will give it an edge over other centres. \"For the first time, a cancer psychology department is being planned in a cancer institute. The department will help improve the quality of life of cancer patients in the terminal stage,\" said an officer. Pain management , hospice and palliative care are some other interesting features.The model for funding , as in government-funded, public-private partnership or charitable, is also being examined. Initial indications from the government show a public sector entity is what they were looking up to. \"How else will a poor person who sells off his land and belongings and lives in Mumbai slums failing to get a dear one treated in the Tata Memorial get treatment here?\" asked the officer.Officials prefer to stay quiet on the cost of the project. The government has already made a token allocation of Rs 20 crore for the project in the state budget, but officials assume that the at least Rs 500 crore is needed for just the infrastructure. \"Funds will not be a big issue as we would proceed in a phased manner. It will take around 4 to 5 years for the hospital to get functional. This means the allocations would also be done in parts,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16509610", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon imposes Rs 5,000 fine on highrises without fire no objection certificates", "text": "GURGAON: In the first such instance in Gurgaon, the local court has imposed a penalty of Rs 5,000 on eight highrise building owners for failing to get their fire no objection certificate (NOC) from the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG). Apart from these eight, the court has issued bailable warrant, summonses and %notices to 51 others and the next date of hearing is next month. There are around 622 highrise buildings in Gurgaon at present.According to MCG officials, they were forced to take the legal route after repeated reminders and notices failed to ensure that these owners get the mandatory fire NOC from them.\"We have consistently sent reminders and issued notice to the building owners to get their firefighting equipment checked by us so that we can issue them the no objection certificate. However, these 59 owners never bothered to apply for the NOC and therefore we were forced to approach the court in May this year. It is mandatory for every building that is over 45 metres to obtain a fire NOC,\" said an MCG spokesperson.He said, \"apart from the eight owners, who have been asked to pay a fine of Rs 5,000, there are 12 owners against whom bailable warrants have been issued and 27 owners have been issued summons.\"Moreover, nine owners have been have been issued notice asking them why they have failed to take this NOC and three have been granted bail. In all the case was against 59 building owners who come under the municipal jurisdiction.The MCG authorities have been conducting mock fire drills regularly and say that the onus lies on the building owners to get such mock drills conducted from time to time. \"We are willing to conduct such drills and check the preparedness of the people and machinery in case of a fire incident. However, many residents do not care and later in case of an actual fire incident, they blame the fire department. There are many residential buildings in the city who have blocked the emergency fire exists and do not have adequate firefighting equipment,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511020", "title": "Residents use innovative method to jolt Tirupur corpn into action", "text": "COIMBATORE: Lord Ganesha might be the one people turn to in times of need, but he too requires help to fight mosquitoes. A group of devotees of Sugumar Nagar in Tirupur, which draped the idol of the lord in a mosquito net and set a burning mosquito coil near it to ensure he is not disturbed till Sunday's immersion in the Noyyal river, seems to have sent a subtle message to the Tirupur corporation with regard to the fight against mosquitoes.Residents of Sugumar Nagar were surprised when they saw the nine-feet tall Ganesha idol in their area covered in a mosquito net. A burning mosquito coil next to the idol has also caught the attention of devotees. An attendant is also present at the pandal to replace the coil as it burns out to ensure that the blood sucking mosquitoes are kept at a distance from the god.\"We have been constantly petitioning the civic authorities about mosquito menace in this locality. No action has been taken so far and we decided to seek the blessing of Lord Ganesha and send a strong message to them,\" said KV Saravanan, one of the organisers of the Vinayaka Chaturthi celebrations in the area and district president of the Shiv Sena .The residents of Sugumar Nagar along the banks of the Noyyal claim the entire stretch is completely covered with water hyacinth and other aquatic weeds. It has also become a breeding ground for mosquitoes they alleged. Local MLA K Thangavelu said he had inspected the locality and instructed civic officials to start removing water hyacinth and take other steps to bring the mosquito menace under control.\"The removal of water hyacinth has already begun and the corporation has already been instructed to take measures to control mosquito menace,\" said Thangavelu.Another section of residents from Sugumar Nagar submitted a petition to district officials in this regard to control mosquito breeding in their area. They handed over a plastic bag carrying numerous mosquitoes caught from the locality as a 'proof.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513109", "title": "Sonu, Shreya to sing a special number for Suruchi Sangha", "text": "A-listers Sonu Nigam and Shreya Ghoshal are singing a special Puja number for Suruchi SanghaRupang dehi jayang dehi yasho dehi disho jahe... Before rain clouds give way to a clear, azure sky and Kolkata wakes up to the sound of Mahalaya on the airwave, chances are these shlokas from Chandipaath will find a new voice.Sonu Nigam and Shreya Ghoshal, both A-list singers from Bollywood , have come together for a theme Puja single for state minister Arup Biswas' Suruchi Sangha . The song meticulously weaves in the chants at the end of the song. Credit for making the duo come together goes to composer Jeet Gannguli.Making Sonu and Shreya lend their voices to a Puja song is no mean feat. Says Jeet, \"The trend of customising songs for Puja began last year. It was Arupda who had asked me to compose a number. This year too we are treading the same path. Sonu is a dear friend and while recording for Raaz 3 , I asked him if he would be interested in singing for Suruchi Sangha, which also happens to be my own club. He agreed. Shreya and I share a comfort zone. That's how things fell into place.\"The lyrics, penned by Jeet's wife, Chandrani and Kazi Kamal Nasser, go like \u2014 Dulchhe sagar, bhangchhe dukul, jonopath shob dubchhe. The theme of Suruchi Sangha this year is Goa and the song is in sync with the ideation. Says Chandrani, \"Every year, Suruchi tries to convey a social message through its theme. While last year it was about the impact of terrorism on Kashmir, this year the Puja theme revolves around marine pollution and its effect on Goa. Hope we manage to drive home the message through this single.\"Jeet, who has finished recording the song, has added to it the sound of the shaankh. \"I decided to blow the conch shell myself as it gave me a Puja feel, sitting here in Mumbai,\" he says. And what about the feedback? \"Arupda has liked it. I'm waiting for Kolkatans to listen to the track,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509257", "title": "Only CPI reveals info about major donors to party fund", "text": "NEW DELHI: Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) said all national political parties save CPI have declined to give the information about their major donors under the RTI Act. The organization had recently revealed the donations that major political parties have received from corporate houses.ADR in an official release said while CPI provided the information about their largest donors, their addresses and the mode of payment of these donations, the other parties either didn't reply or claimed that they did not come under the purview of the Act.Indian National Congress (INC) and CPI(M) returned the RTI applications along with the postal order. These political outfits in their response to ADR said that the parties don't come under the Act, the release claimed. The principal opposition party at Centre BJP and Mayawati's BSP did not even respond to the RTI application. NCP replied, but said that it didn't have enough human resources to provide the information sought by the organization.Based on these replies ADR had filed a complaint with Central Information Council (CIC) in March, 2011, to direct the political parties to provide these information. CIC is likely to take up this case on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509871", "title": "PMC to make energy efficiency rules must in new constructions", "text": "PUNE: Soon, all new constructions in the city will have to pass a test in energy efficiency and will have to provide an 'energy efficiency certificate' before seeking completion certificate from the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).\"The intention is to see that the energy is conserved in the newly-constructed buildings. If measures are taken right at the construction level, it would help meet the goal. The PMC, with other government agencies, have decided to chalk out standards of energy efficacy and make it mandatory,\" said Shriniwas Kandul, civic head of the electricity department, while speaking to TOI.Kandul said agencies like the Maharashtra Energy Development Agency (MEDA) and the Bureau Energy of Efficiency (BEE) will assist the PMC in this plan and provide energy efficiency certificate. The first meeting to discuss the details about the certification was conducted last week and the civic administration has given in principle approval for certification.The main objective ofstate created the MEDA in line with the Central government policy, the renewable energy namely Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) in early eighties.MEDA is to undertake development of renewable energy and facilitate energy conservation in the state. The Union government had set up BEE on March 1, 2002, under the provisions of the Energy Conservation Act, 2001. Its aim is to develop policies and standards for reducing energy intensity in the country.\"Steps to develop mechanism to check energy efficiency will be jointly taken. The BEE has set standards for giving energy efficacy certification to buildings. Same standards will be used in the city. We will make some changes in the standardisation process if required,\" said Kandul.He said the architect will have to obtain the energy efficiency certificate from the energy auditor. The government agencies will appoint a third party auditor. The auditor will make the assessment of the constructions according to the energy standards and will give the certification. This architect will have to provide this certificate along with other documents while applying for compulsion certificate.Some of the parameters included in the certification process are the use CFL lights, energy saving equipments, usage of air conditioners, use of alternate energy sources, usage of glass windows and other such aspects. Even the usage of energy efficient building material will be considered while allotting the certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508944", "title": "Shanty rentals hit roof, but conditions remain sub-human", "text": "NEW DELHI: Square foot for square foot, your maid probably pays more than you to live in Delhi. A rent of Rs 2,500 a month might seem meagre, but when you consider the typical shanty room measures only 8x10sqft or less, the unit rate comes to more than Rs 30 per square foot. That's like paying Rs 30,000 a month for a two-bedroom 1,000sqft apartment. Unlike apartments, though, shanties lack toilets and bathrooms, wall sockets and running water. They are neither weather-proof nor earthquake-safe.A recent study by the School of Planning and Architecture's (SPA) National Resource Centre to assess the capital's rental housing options for low-income groups has made shocking findings. It shows that even after spending half their monthly earnings, poor families cannot rent anything better than a jhuggi. While SPA found the rents go up to Rs 1,200, TOI's visits to some slums showed the rents touched Rs 2,500 in places.Rents vary with a slum's proximity to the city centre. For instance, a shack in Sarojini Nagar or Jal Vihar fetches a higher price than one in Barapullah. But the land mafia makes a killing regardless of the area.In the 'Madrasi Camp' shanties in Nizamuddin, rents hover around Rs 1,000. But go south to an area like Jal Vihar, and every jhuggi is rented out for Rs 2,000 or more.\"For new migrants to Delhi, there is no option but to rent jhuggis . You can get a room for nothing less than Rs 5,000, which most of us cannot afford. People have started renting out jhuggis to augment their income,\" says Ganesh Prabhu, a construction labourer from Tamil Nadu. He has been staying in the Nizamuddin squatters' colony for 25 years.Sanjiv and his wife Bela came to Delhi from Benaras for better employment opportunities. Sanjiv did get a job as a courier delivery boy with a salary of Rs 4,000. \"But we did not anticipate the steep rents. We pay Rs 2,000 a month as rent for our jhuggi. I am thinking of working as household help,\" says Bela, who lives in a 7x10 feet jhuggi near Jal Vihar.Slums near Jal Vihar, behind Lajpat Nagar market, have higher rents. \"Here rents for jhuggis hover around Rs 2,000. Most of the families living in rented jhuggis earn about Rs 4,000. We are a family of five. The room is too cramped, but we try to keep it clean. In many parts of the city the conditions are even worse,\" says Rajesh, a scavenger.The rents have increased drastically over the last few years. \"Earlier, very few migrants would rent a jhuggi. But due to lack of space, people now have no option but to stay on rent. A few years ago, rents were not higher than a few hundred rupees. They have tripled, or increased four times in some cases. People also have to pay in advance. I know of people who have paid Rs 10,000 in advance for a jhuggi ,\" says Sunil Kumar Jaiswal of Mumbai-based Society for the Promotion of Area Resources Centres (SPARC), who works with slum dwellers in Delhi.Professor of Housing at SPA, Neelima Risbud, says this trend is disturbing, especially when the rents are eating into the occupants' meagre income. \" Jhuggis are rented out in most of Delhi's slums. What do these jhuggis offer for a rent of Rs 1,200? Nothing. We have sent our report to the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation and recommended that rental housing facilities be provided to low-income groups,\" Risbud adds.Mumbai's slums are infamous for rents as high as Rs 10,000 per jhuggi , but Delhi may also follow suit, and add to the burden of the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513575", "title": "Actress Nandita Das and her husband to produce films", "text": "Actor, filmmaker and now producer Nandita Das has kickstarted a theatre and film production company in collaboration with her husband Subodh Maskara. The production house going by the cute name of Choti Productions will produce quality films and plays, essentially what the couple as individuals and artistes believe in.To begin with the couple will produce their play Between The Lines, a marital drama based partly on their own marriage. In fact Nandita is keeping her little son Vihaan away from seeing his parents bickering on stage.Says the good mother and the brilliant actress, \"We avoid doing our tense marital fight scenes in front of Vivaan. He wouldn't want to see us that way! He doesn't know that Maya and Shekhar and not his parents, are fighting! When aren't in the belligerent mode Vihaan plays around on our set and then goes away quietly. But I want to so cuddle him that I get distracted!\"Playing actress and mom for the first time is a tough job. \" It is tough to juggle my time between being with him and focusing on the play, but then the play is all about that, so I guess it is true to life! Vihaan is mostly at home when we rehearsing down in the hall. But at least once a day he stops by, on the way to the garden and then sees his parents do their rehearsals\"Nandita agrees the lines between her own marriage and her character's are blurred in the play. \"When you will see the play you will know how the lines between reality and fiction have blurred. So much of my life and that of others is reflected in it. It's interesting to see how men and women, those that have seen the rehearsals or read the script, are already reacting to it differently. I recommend couples see it together! But if they get into an argument after that, we are not liable!\" The play is likely to end up as a movie adaptation.Elaborating on her home productions Nandita says, \" Between The Lines is the debut production of Chhoti Productions, a company my husband and I have recently started. Through Chhoti, we aim to tell compelling stories using different creative mediums with an emphasis on film and theatre. Our creative journey with Chhoti Productions begins with Between the Lines and in its first round it will travel to Ahmedabad, Mumbai, New Delhi, Bangalore and Kolkata, before returning to Mumbai, as part of the Prithvi Theatre Festival.\"The play also goes to Dhaka! Needless to say, little Vihaan will accompany his parents on this extended drama tour, though he won't be allowed to watch his parents getting into fights on stage until he can tell the difference between what's on stage and what's for real.Nandita says the play a, sort of staged version of the films that Basu Bhattacharya did on the theme of contemporary urban marital discord in the 1970s, would find a resonance in many current marriages. \"The play is set in contemporary India where educated and affluent couples are caught between modernity and tradition. We explore the relationship between a lawyer couple who have been married for 10 years. They end up arguing on opposite sides of a criminal trial mresulting in the blurring of their personal and professional lives. The battle in court starts to impact their relationship at home, and they struggle to find a new balance.\"Nandita has co-written the play with Divya Jagdale. \"We have drawn from real-life experiences, our own as well as that of other women and men to create a play that will resonate with a lot of people. Contrary to popular belief, I do not come from a theatre background and have worked in only two professional plays!\"Nandita has butterflies in her tummy. \"Expectations are high and that is daunting! I am not sure why, but I have made my life more difficult with many firsts ...writing and directing, and then acting with my husband Subodh, who makes his debut as actor and theatre producer! Perhaps to keep it all in the family, ha ha.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16510190", "title": "Maha Lok Adalat brings down pendency in dist", "text": "YAVATMAL: The concept of Maha Lok Adalat mooted by the ex High Justice Ranajana Desai of Bombay High Court, currently a Judge in the Supreme Court of India, aiming to minimize the burden on the judiciary owing to the unabated heaping up of litigations.The four Maha Lok Adalats held so far in the district have helped in saving valuable time and money of the litigants. Not only common people but also officials of various agencies including the state and central governments in the district have welcomed it.According to the principal district and sessions judge Savita T Barne, four Maha Lok Adalats were organized at both district and tehsil levels under the District Legal Service Cell (DLSC) between February 2011 and September 2012. Total 20671 pending litigations involving crores of rupees have been amicably settled.Total 5458 cases were settled during the Maha Lok Adalat held on September 16. Yavatmal (1331), Darwha (458), Digras (398), Pusad (524), Umarkhed (298), Mahagaon (177), Ner (254), Babhulgaon (162), Kalamb (221), Ghatanji (364), Kelaapur (298), Maregaon (115), Wani (322), Ralegaon (285), Arni (175) and Zarijamini (76) respectively.According to secretary and senior division civil judge, Sardar Tamboli, all the four Maha Lok Adalats received overwhelming response from the litigants in the district. \"Pending litigations pertaining to land acquisition, motor accident claims, municipality taxes, recovery cases of BSNL, cooperative and nationalized banks, revenue taxes, insurance claims and others were settled amicably and crores of rupees were either disbursed or recovered from the litigants,\" he said.\"On September 16, Rs one crore was released to owners after settlement of land acquisition cases while Rs49.5 lakh was released in motor accident claims,\" said Tamboli adding that the beneficiaries of Bembla River Irrigation project were given additional compensation, including land owners of Malapur and Pahur in Babhulgaon tehsil.Giving details of DLSC's efforts to create mass awareness about the Maha Lok Adalat, Tamboli said that the litigants were informed through SMSes and campaigns on TV channels and public address systems.According to the executive chairman of Maharashtra State Legal Service Authority, Justice DD Sinha, prior to the Maha Lok Adalat held on Sunday, as many as 2,64,434 cases were pending at various courts in the state. Total 5,79,743 litigations were settled in the previous three Maha Lok Adalats held in the state, which is a great achievement. The Inter State Council has taken note of this and a report was published under the head 'Judicial Reform for Pendency Reduction' in reference to good governance.Tamboli further said similar Maha Lok Adalat would be held in the future, besides one Lok Adalat in each month.Tamboli urged the litigants to register their names with the district cell for the Maha Lok Adalat and monthly Lok Adalat.Maha Lok Adalat in districtDate Cases settledFebruary 6, 2011 6451September 18, 2011 3784March 4, 2012 4978September 16, 2012 5458Total 20671", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16511226", "title": "Collector takes up childcare issues", "text": "MADURAI: The district administration convened a special meeting to initiate early intervention measures on deformities among children. Collector Anshul Mishra presided over the meeting attended by paediatricians, anganwadi workers, officials from health, differently abled and welfare departments, Government Rajaji Hospital dean N Mohan and RMOs Pragadeeswaran and Thiruvaimozhiperumal.During the meeting, Mishra instructed medical officers at primary health centres and village nurses to visit anganwadis to find out the deformities among children in anganwadis. \"They should visit the children and find out the deformities at earlier stages so that treatment is effective,\" he said.The visiting doctors and nurses should verify the weight and height of the children in the anganwadis and health supplements should be given to those with discrepancies in weight and height. Health workers should concentrate on prenatal and postnatal care provided to pregnant women and nursing mothers in the villages. \"Our ultimate goal is to ensure no deformities among children in Madurai district. Anganwadi workers, village nurses and PHC staff should coordinate to achieve our goal,\" the collector told the meeting. The special meeting also discussed forming an exclusive committee to coordinate activities in this regard. Workshops, public meetings and awareness rallies to sensitise people were also suggested at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mall road", "code": "16511324", "title": "Workplace turns party zone for birthday", "text": "MALL ROAD: The Girdhar family of Sector 32-Chandigarh Road celebrated the second birthday of their youngest member, Aabha, by throwing a dance party for friends and acquaintances on Saturday.Aabha's father Abhay, who is a hair stylist, said, \"Aabha is the life of the entire family and her birthday was a special occasion. We celebrated at my workplace and family and friends came here.\"The birthday girl's mother, Pooja, said, \"We had got a special cake and all of us danced and celebrated together. I am very happy that my little angel enjoyed the day.\" For Aabha's grandparents Aabha Som and Arti, the party was a not-to-be-missed occasion. \"Aabha is our bundle of joy and we can't do without her. All her little innocent ways are our life. The celebration of these happy moments keep one alive... it's not age but happiness from family that gives you energy and love for life,\" said Som.Little Aabha also made the most of the day dancing and playing with the guests at her party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515408", "title": "Adele will never do world tour over voice concerns", "text": "Adele will never do a huge global tour because of fears that she could lose her voice.Doctors have warned the pregnant singer that her vocal cords could fail due to her grueling workload.Last year she lost her ability to sing after a polyp was found on her vocal cords.The polyp was surgically removed.\"It is basically a clean slate in my throat. It doesn't mean it won't happen again. If I decided to go on a 200-date tour, it will happen again through exhaustion,\" Adele had said.Her admission could be bad news for fans who long to see her in concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16510170", "title": "Kozhikode police project for children to be extended", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The success of the Our Responsibility to Children (ORC) project -- a non-governmental venture to address the increasing socially deviant behaviour among adolescents -- of the Kozhikode city police has prompted the government to extend it to all schools in the state. It has been implemented in city schools now.In the initial phase, the project will be implemented in 12 schools each in Kozhikode, Thrissur, Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam. The education department, district-level police juvenile wing, Kerala State Social Security Mission, non-governmental organizations and educational institutions will also be involved in the project.The ORC project, a brainchild of former district police chief P Vijayan, was launched in 2011 with an objective to curb criminal tendencies among children. It was the involvement of students in a bike theft case that prompted some like-minded police officers here to launch the project. Under it, experts give counseling to adolescents to address their emotional, psychological, social and educational needs. Mentoring workshops and various activities to nurture talents of young offenders are also part of the project.The social security mission, which will supervise the project in the state, is planning to involve local self-government bodies in the project implementation. School-level protection committees -- comprising parents, teachers, residents' associations, political representatives, ward councilor and counsellors -- will be formed to identify socially deviant behaviour in the early stage and take remedial measures.Social security mission executive director T P Ashraf said a meeting convened by minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer a couple of days ago had decided to implement the project in four districts in a year.\"The support and involvement of police had made the project a success in Kozhikode. The mission will appoint one state coordinator and four district coordinators for project implementation. A detailed plan will be chalked out at a meeting to be attended by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan , officials of police, education and security mission, held in Thiruvananthapuram next week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16510281", "title": "Ex-Congress chief Sulochana Ramakant Katkar passes away", "text": "PONDA: Sulochana Ramakant Katkar, former member of Goa, Daman and Diu legislative assembly and longest reigning president of Goa pradesh Congress committee (GPCC), passed away on Saturday evening.Katkar, 83, breathed her last in a private hospital in Margao after a brief illness. She had undergone a backbone surgery some time ago and was admitted to the hospital two days ago, sources said.Katkar, a resident of Bandora village in Pondataluka, was a nominated MLA of the assembly between 1984 and 1989.As the two consecutive assemblies elected in 1980 and 1984 did not have a single woman MLA, the then Congress chief minister Pratapsingh Rane had nominated three women Sulochana Katkar, Phyllis Faria and Sangita Parab as MLAs.As a union territory, there was a provision for appointing unrepresented section in the assembly.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , Governor B V Wanchoo and opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane have condoled the death of Katkar. Congress leaders in their condolences have said that Katkar was instrumental in building the party from the grassroots since late 70s.Katkar started her career with Congress stalwarts such as Purushottam Kakodkar, R Deshprabhu and Praful Priolkar. She was personally know to former prime minister Indira Gandhi , with whom she interacted during the formation of the government in the year 1980, Jitendra Deshprabhu said.Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik who said he owes much of his career to her said that 'Tai' (as she was addressed in the party), gave a new direction to the party and even reprimanded some ministers who went away from the party ideals and policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16509401", "title": "Himachal Pradesh high court asks CBI to complete probe into fake colleges in HP", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh high court has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to probe how many private educational institutes have got recognition and no objection certificates (NOC) by submitting fake documents in the state.CBI had informed the court about shortage of staff and pleaded to get the investigation done through some regulatory body, but the court asked the premier investigation agency to go ahead with the probe.Following the filing of a petition by a Kangra resident last year, alleging that a private BEd college had used fake documents to get recognition from the national council of teachers education (NCTE) to run its courses, the high court had asked the CBI to probe how many fake colleges are there in the state.During its investigation, CBI found that Himachal Pradesh has around 274 private BEd and engineering colleges. Considering the large number, it requested the court to get the probe completed through some regulatory body as it did not have enough manpower to scrutinize such a huge number of colleges. But the high court recently directed the CBI to get the probe completed with the assistance of a regulatory body.Confirming the development, CBI SP Rigzin Upasak said that following fresh directives from the court, now all the private educational institutes in the state would be scrutinized to know how they have got recognition and affiliations. \"We would check whether these institutes are having adequate staff and area as claimed,\" he said.Last year, the high court had directed the CBI to reveal names of all educational institutions in the state which secured recognition based on fake documents. According to sources, CBI has already accessed the documents of the 274 private educational institutes running in the state to know whether any wrong has been committed to get required permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16515298", "title": "Pune Zilla Parishad sanctions supplementary budget of Rs 70 crore", "text": "PUNE:Pune Zilla Parishad (ZP) has sanctioned a supplementary budget of Rs 70 crore. The decision was taken at the general body meeting presided by ZP president Dattatray Bharne. The general body of the Pune Zilla Parishad (ZP) has sanctioned a supplementary budget of Rs 70 crore. The decision was taken at the general body meeting presided by ZP president Dattatray Bharne.The additional allocation has come primarily for the construction and repairs of roads as well as construction of buildings and implementation of new social welfare schemes.The ZP has already sanctioned an annual budget (2012-13) of Rs 105 crore. The departments including women and child welfare department, social welfare, agriculture and health have been allotted Rs 3 to Rs 5 crore for implementation of newly proposed schemes. A fund of Rs 27 crore has been proposed for constructions and road development. The animal husbandry department has been allotted Rs 25 lakh.Meanwhile, the members of general body have demanded for equal distribution of funds for all departments and additional allocation for the welfare projects. During the meeting, the members pointed that funds were not being used properly by some departments. The members also questioned as to why the chairpersons of various departments have failed to implement new schemes even though the plans have already been sanctioned by the general body. The members alleged that the administration was lethargic in implementation of schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "darbhanga", "code": "16510648", "title": "Lalit Narain Mithila University campus being spruced up for President's visit", "text": "DARBHANGA: The Lalit Narain Mithila University (LNMU) campus is being spruced up for the visit of President Pranab Mukherjee on October 3 for addressing the 4th annual convocation of the university.The team of university officials under the leadership of vice chancellor Samrendra Pratap Singh is performing different tasks to make the convocation a grand success. The convocation will be held at Nagendra Jha stadium located on the campus. The entire campus has been cleaned and all the buildings have been whitewashed and painted giving a decent look to the campus. The VC and other officials stay at the stadium throughout the day these days overseeing the ongoing preparations. LNMU proctor T N Jha said that an event manager, Sanjay Kumar Chaudhary, has come from Kolkata to give guidance for successfully organizing the event.Two helipads are being constructed __ one at the nearby Raj field and another on the campus of Kameshwar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University __ for the landing of Army helicopters carrying the President. Officials of Darbhanga district administration led by DM Narmadeshwar Lal are visiting LNMU campus daily for taking stock of the preparations. Foolproof security arrangements are being made for the occasion.LNMU registrar V P Singh said the President would arrive here at 3.45 pm and after addressing the convocation, will leave at 4.45 pm on October 3. He said students passing post-graduate examination in 2012, MBA examination 2012, MEd 2012 and MSc (biotechnology) examination 2012 would be awarded degree at the convocation. PhD as well as DLitt students, whose results have been published between April 1 and September 25, will also be given degrees at the convocation. Students have been asked to apply for the degree till September 27.The chief minister, Nitish Kumar , will reach here on Sunday for reviewing the arrangements being made for the convocation. The review meeting will take place at the university office. Senior civil and police officials, officials of Bihar State Electricity Board and university officials led by the VC will attend the meeting.The convocation is the second occasion when the President would address the convocation. Earlier, in 2005, the then president A PJ Abdul Kalam had delivered the convocation address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510249", "title": "Bandh derails passenger trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barring a stray incident of stone-throwing reported from Janghai railway station, 60 km from Allahabad, the bandh called by the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Samajwadi Party protesting against the Centre's decision to allow foreign direct investment in retail and hike in diesel price did not affect the movement of trains much in Lucknow division. At Janghai station, protestors hurled stones at the public reservation system building, forcing the officials to close the PRS for an hour.\"Not more than 10 trains were held up in Lucknow division,\" said Ashwini Srivastava, senior divisional commercial manager, Lucknow, NR. The protestors stopped train number 14227 Varanasi Junction to Lucknow Junction Varuna Express, as early as 5.45 a.m., near Varanasi for about half an hour, but after 9.00 am, there were no major disruptions. Trains were not stopped for more than 15 minutes in Lucknow division.The 'Rail-roko' incidents were reported from Varanasi, Lucknow, Kanpur, Akbarpur, Unnao, Rae Bareli, Kakori, Najibabad, Faridabad, Muzaffarnagar and Meerut. The worst affected were the passenger trains.The trains which were affected in Lucknow division include: 13009 Howrah Junction-Kotdwara Express, which was held up at Jalalganj (near Varanasi) for 10 minutes, 14266 Dehradun-Varanasi Junction Express stopped at Alamnagar for about half an hour, 14650 Amritsar Junction-Jaynagar Saryu Yamuna Express stopped at Faizabad for 20 minutes, 13134 Varanasi Junction-Sealdah Express that was held up at Banahi, 14215 Allahabad Junction-Lucknow Junction Ganga Gomti Express held up at Rae Bareli for seven minutes, 14369 Singrauli-Bareilly Tribeni Express held up for five minutes at Rae Bareli, 13307 Howrah-Shri Ganganagar Abha Toofan Express held up for 20 minutes at Malipur, 12512 Trivandrum central-Gorakhpur Rapti Sagar Express held up for 10 minutes at Unnao, 14204 Lucknow Junction-Varanasi Junction Intercity held up at Rare Bareli for 10 minutes and train number 12167 Dadar central to Varanasi Junction superfast Express, which was held up at Kashi for 10 minutes.The passenger trains which were affected were train number 54255 Varanasi-Lucknow Passenger, 54375 Prayag-Jaunpur Passenger, 54110 Faizabad to Mughal Sarai Passenger and 54211 Rae Bareli to Kanpur central Passenger.The trains coming from Bihar were severely affected due to bandh. Trains like Doon Express and Farakka Express were running at least six hours behind schedule in Lucknow division on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16513976", "title": "Funding incentive for states rolling out free-drugs-for-all scheme faster", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has dangled a fresh carrot in front of states, if they can roll out the free-medicines-for-all scheme at the earliest.States, who manage to roll out the \"game-changing scheme\" faster, will receive an additional 5% increase in funding under the National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM).Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has allocated Rs 1,300 crore to purchase drugs so that all those attending a government facility can get free medicines.A break-up shows Uttar Pradesh has received the major chunk of the money Rs 165 crore, followed by Bihar (Rs 82 crore), West Bengal (Rs 79 crore), Tamil Nadu (Rs 71 crore), Rajasthan (Rs 45 crore), Odisha (Rs 55 crore), Karnataka (Rs 34 crore) and Madhya Pradesh (Rs 29 crore).Union health ministry figures show that most states had drastically cut down on spending to purchase drugs, and consequently passing on the burden to aam aadmi.Maharashtra spent only 5.2% of its health expenditure in 2010 on purchasing drugs as against 11.3% a decade ago. Rajasthan cut down its expenditure on purchasing medicines from 9.6% (2001) to a meagre 1.5% (2010).Haryana has reduced spending on drugs from 9.8% (2001) to 5.5% (2010). Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh have followed suit from 7.9% to 6.3% and 11.8% to 9.3%, respectively, during the same period.The Planning Commission's high-power expert group on universal health coverage had recommended availability of free essential medicines by increasing public spending on drug procurement. The panel said low public spending on drugs and non-availability of free medicines in government healthcare facilities are major factors discouraging people from accessing public sector health facilities.\"We estimate that an increase in the public procurement of medicines from around 0.1% to 0.5% of GDP would ensure universal access to essential drugs, greatly reduce the burden on private out-of-pocket expenditures and increase the financial protection for households,\" it reasoned.Public spending on drugs is extremely low, with huge variation between states and across districts within a state.Figures from 2010-11 indicate that about 10%-12% of the health spending in the states of Tamil Nadu and Kerala goes towards procuring drugs as against the 2%-3% spent on drugs by other states like Jharkhand, Punjab and Rajasthan.Nearly 39 million people in India are pushed to poverty because of ill health every year. Around 30% in rural India didn't go for any treatment for financial reasons in 2004 - up from 15% in 1995. Similarly, in urban areas, 20% of ailments were untreated for financial reasons in 2004 1 up from 10% in 1995. About 47% of hospital admissions in rural India and 31% in urban areas were financed by loans and sale of assets.The sharp increase in prices of drugs has been the main reason for the rising costs of medical care, which more than tripled between 1993-94 and 2006-07.Between 1993-94 and 2004-05, compared to a 67% increase in real per person income and an 82% rise in per person tax collections, real per person public health expenditure rose from Rs 84 to Rs 125 - a spurt of 48%.The committee suggested, \"Governments need to commit a higher level of spending on drugs to reduce inter-state and inter-district disparities in drug spending which become barriers to access and affordability. Unnecessary spending on non-essential medicines has to be reduced and irrational use eliminated. Improving overall governance and accountability of medicine supply system is absolutely essential to make medicines available to one and all.\"Now, 74% of private out-of-pocket medical expenditure of an average Indian is on buying medicines.\"States already have a budget to purchase drugs but it isn't enough. The latest allocation is to support the state budget for the year 2012-13,\" said a ministry official.The entire free medicines to all programme, however, is estimated to cost Rs 28,560 crore over the 12th five year Plan. At present, the public sector provides healthcare to 22% of the country's population, which is expected to increase to 52% by 2017 once medicines are provided for free from 1.6 lakh sub centres, 23,000 primary health centers, 5,000 community health centres and 640 district hospitals.The Cabinet has approved the setting up of a Central Procurement Agency (CPA) for bulk procurement of drugs.\"Only a handful states will be able to roll out free medicines by this year end,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508889", "title": "After foreign investors, government balm for aam aadmi", "text": "NEW DELHI: An SMS alert that tells the position of stocks in ration shops. A front-to-back computerization tracking food grain movement from procurement to rations shops. And a swipe card to allow BPL users to access subsidized food grain.A two-stage Rs 4,200 crore recast of India's notoriously leaky public distribution system (PDS) is likely to considered by the Cabinet on Monday along with a Rs 1.25 lakh crore expansion of the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) that will provide for seven lakh anganwadis.The decisions aim to dispel the Opposition's criticism that the government's recent burst of economic reform initiatives are intended to cater to foreign investors and an elitist segment of society at the cost of the aam aadmi. The schemes intend to balance reform zeal with a pro-poor outreach.Another politically significant initiative - launch of a unified National Health Mission (NHM) with an urban component \u2014 envisaging a Rs 40,000 crore spend over the next three years, is at an advanced stage and will soon be ready for Cabinet approval.An IT backbone for PDS is an essential component of an eventual linkage with aadhar, the nationwide database for all residents of India. The reform is an overdue response to massive leakages of food grains, estimated as high as 60% in areas like the north-east.The initiative that the Cabinet will consider sets out digitization of ration cards, a toll-free call centre for grievances and real time tracking of food grain movement as its objective in the first stage. This is expected to roll out in a year to 18 months after Cabinet approval.The second stage aims at ration shop-level computerization and introduction of swipe cards that can be used by PDS consumers in both the below and above poverty line categories. Once this is linked to the national PDS data, it will also help supervisors at the Centre and states follow entire supply chain from procurement onwards.The first stage Cabinet approval involves Rs 880 crore of which the Central share is Rs 500 crore. The Central largesse is in keeping with finance minister P Chidambaram's recent speech at the Planning Commission outlining a transition to cash transfers. The government is also considering offering cards with loaded with cash values that can be used at ration shops.A reconfiguration of ICDS will see it being converted into a \"mission mode\" like the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). A steering group will monitor the programme that aims to provide a big fillip to anganwadis, aiming to construct an additional two lakh buildings. The cash for maintaining these buildings has been doubled to Rs 2,000 a year.Spending on nutrition per child will go up and anganwadis will operate six hours a day instead of the more usual three hours. The yearly expenditure will rise from Rs 16,000 crore to Rs 25,000 crore. The total number of angawadis, according to the plan, will reach seven lakh at the end of a five-year rollout.The NHM has been caught in an intra-government feud as the health ministry under Ghulam Nabi Azad has opposed a unified mission, insisting that the rural and urban components be kept under separate schemes. A reconciliation of positions in on the cards after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asked Azad and deputy chairman of the Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia to sort out differences. The NHM will be one mission but with a separate component for urban areas.The rural mission currently costs around Rs 25,000 crore a year and the urban component is expected to add another Rs 4000-5,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509844", "title": "Anna's secretary quits post, to stay with movement", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare's personal secretary Suresh Pathare resigned from his post on Saturday citing \"family responsibilities\" as the reason for his decision.\"I have tendered a written resignation to Anna and he has accepted my decision. I will hand over the responsibilities to my colleagues in the next five days and will stop attending office. However, I will continue to remain in Anna's anti-corruption movement as a common worker,\" Pathare, speaking from Ralegan Siddhi, told TOI.Pathare has been with Hazare since 2002 and was by his side when Hazare went to Delhi for his fasts and agitation at Jantar Mantar and Ramlila Maidan to demand a strong Lokpal.He was his constant companion during the various tours and visits to other cities. When asked if his decision to resign was linked to Hazare's split with Arvind Kejriwal , a member of Team Anna, Pathare said that the decision was purely because of family reasons and had nothing to do with the recent developments.\"My family responsibilities have increased and I have to devote time to these matters as well. I have been thinking about resigning for the past three weeks as I was convinced that I will not be able to devote my entire time to Anna's movement which has grown considerably and has gone national. So he needs to have somebody who can give more time and do full justice to the responsibilities,\" Pathre said.He added that he would miss working with Hazare. \"I have spent some memorable moments with Anna..his agitation at Jantar Mantar, his arrest in Delhi, the massive response he got..can never be forgotten,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509959", "title": "Police sub-inspector robbed of Rs 1.86 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: A police sub-inspector and his wife fell victim to tricksters, who made away with gold valuables worth Rs 1.86 lakh used for the Goddess Mahalaxmi idols.Rajendra Jachak and his wife were passing via Katol Road when two youths distracted their attention and fled with the ornaments from the car on Friday afternoon. Jachak is posted at Khaparkheda police station.Jachak, a resident of Dubey Nagar in Hudkeshwar, was heading to his father's home at Kalmeshwar for Mahalaxmi festival. Police said he was carrying the valuables, including his wife's gold necklace, in his car for the festivities.On the way, the couple had stopped to buy a few things for Mahalaxmi Puja. They parked the car right in front of the shop. When they returned, two youths on a bike said their car was leaking oil. When Jachak and his wife went to check the leakage, the youths fled with the bag of valuables kept on the driver's seat. Besides ornaments, the bag also had cash Rs 3,000 and a cell phone.Jachak interrogated nearby people about the youths, but could not get any clue. He immediately alerted Gittikhadan police and filed a police complaint. Police are searching for the tricksters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509755", "title": "SWaCH to ensure eco-friendly immersions", "text": "PUNE: SWaCH, a collective of waste pickers in the city, will collect nirmalya and ensure that Ganesh idols are immersed in the tanks set up by the Pune Municipal Corporation at 18 ghats in Pune and in Pimpri-Chinchwad on September 23 and 29.The collective aims to collect 70 tonne of nirmalya, which will be used for composting and recycling. Two hundred corporate volunteers and five waste pickers will be deployed at each ghat, along with SWaCH staff, between 4 pm and 10 pm. September 23 is Gauri immersion, while September 29 is Anant Chaturdashi, the last day of the festival.SWaCH chief executive officer Malati Gadgil told TOI, \"We will distribute 50,000 pamphlets among citizens, instructing them not to immerse idols and nirmalya in the river. Many idols are made from plaster of Paris and chemical paints are used to colour them, which pollute the river.\"\"SWaCH will collaborate with corporate volunteers on the two days to ensure that idols are immersed in the environmentally safe tanks,\" she said.The nirmalya collected will be segregated. The flowers, fruit, coconuts, etc, will be used for composting, while plastic, thermocol and paper will be recycled. After segregation, the nirmalya will be transported to the closest composting pit, Gadgil said.Last year, 35 tonne of nirmalya was collected from 14 ghats. For the first time, 40% of the nirmalya will be converted to compost at SWaCH's facility in Aundh, which has the capacity to absorb three tonne per day. The remaining 60% will be composted at various city institutes, which will later use the compost for their own purposes.\"Except for the Pachaleshwar ghat in Deccan Gymkhana, 17 ghats have artificial immersion tanks. We are in talks with the civic body to arrange for a tank at Pachaleshwar ghat too. We will also compile the count of idols immersed in artificial tanks and of the citizens who gave nirmalya to waste pickers. We will seek feedback from citizens,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16510138", "title": "State BJP steps up attack on Centre", "text": "RANCHI: Emerging as a strong opposition all over the country, BJP is leaving no stone unturned to register its protest against the decisions of the UPA II over the recent issues. Continuing to demand resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Jharkhand BJP marched to Raj Bhavan on Saturday and handed over a memorandum to governor Syed Ahmed seeking presidential intervention in the matter.While different wings of BJP have been demonstrating and holding public awareness mass meetings over the Coalgate scam since the CAG report was tabled in Parliament, it decided to intensify the stir after two more bold economic decisions taken by the central government. These include nod to FDI in multi-brand retail and increasing the diesel prices by around 20%. While a section of the Opposition alleges the Centre of taking these decisions to deviate the attention of commoners from the Coalgate scam, others claim the move was guided by foreign powers who want see the Indian market open up for the multination brands.The protest march of BJP started from Din Dayal Nagar and culminated into a general assembly near the Raj Bhavan. Later a 22-member delegation comprising state president Dinehsanand Goswami, MLA Raghuvar Das, MP Sudarhsan Bhagat, office bearers Baslmukund Sahay, Deepak Prakash, Rakesh Prasad and others met the governor and handed over a memorandum.In the three-page memorandum addressed to the President of the Union of India, the party has elaborately registered its protest. Calling the Coalgate scam which allegedly caused loss of around Rs.1.86 lakh crore to the government exchequer the biggest scam of India, BJP reiterated its demand for resignation of Manmohan Singh. Goswami said that PM had been in-charge of coal ministry for around five years during the eight year rule of the UPA government. \"On moral grounds, he must step down for a fair probe to take place,\" Goswami said.Calling the decision to increase diesel prices by Rs 5 per litre anti-people and demanding a rollback, the party has asked the government to review all such decisions that have triggered inflation in the country. Goswami also expressed resentment over the decision of inviting FDI in retail sector. \"In both houses of the parliament, UPA had assured to take political parties and state government's into confidence before allowing foreign companies to enter into the retail market. The assurance was completely forgotten and paying heed to the concerns of alliance partners was also not considered,\" he said threatening to intensify the stir in days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509934", "title": "Quota for varsity lower subordinate staff", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has decided to allow 20% reservation of lower subordinate staff in the position of junior assistants at the Calcutta University.\"We have decided to implement reservation of 20% during promotion. Rest of the 80% posts will be filled up by recruitment through open advertisement. We wanted to increase the reservation but were unable to do so because of legal complications,\" said education minister Bratya Basu at the medal award ceremony of Calcutta University on Saturday.In order to be promoted to the position of a junior assistant, a lower subordinate staffer has to appear for an exam conducted by the university. Those who have passed Madhyamik are eligible for the test. Bratya informed on Saturday that 20% of the lower subordinate staff who achieves the highest score in the examination will be promoted to the position of junior assistants.Those LSS who have passed the Madhymik examination while in service are eligible to appear in the examination. They also have to meet a few other prerequisites. The minister on Saturday informed that 20% of LSS who achieves the highest score in the examination will be promoted to the position of junior assistants. Rest 80% appointments will be through advertisements.The minister also added, \"Mamata Banerjee has allotted funds for refurbishing of Asutosh Museum in Calcutta University. We have also taken up plans to improve the hostel facilities,\" the minister added.The award ceremony was suspended in 1984 due to cash crunch. It was the then governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi who had decided to re-introduce the event in 2008.On Saturday, medals were awarded to 139 students of the university who had the highest scores in post graduation examination from 1995 to 2010. \"We had advertised in newspapers seeking applications from those students with relevant documents supporting their claim of them securing the first rank,\" said a Calcutta University official.The award ceremony suspended in 1984 was reintroduced by former governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi.The medal giving ceremony was suspended in CU from 1984 due to cash crunch. It was former governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi who gave a go ahead to the syndicate - the highest decision making body of CU, decision of re-introducing the medal distribution among toppers. In 2008 the first set of medals were distributed followed by 2010 and again in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16510525", "title": "National Disaster Response Force teams rescue marooned villagers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) has pressed eight search and rescue teams in the flood-ravaged areas of upper, lower and northern Assam.In the last 10 days, the NDRF's teams evacuated 4,987 victims from Tinsukia, Dhemaji, Sonitpur and Kamrup (rural) districts and transported them to safer places till Friday night, said first battalion NDRF commandant, Alok Kumar Singh.Sootea in Sonitpur district, Machkhowa, Sisi Boragaon and Somarajan in Dhemaji district and Dumdooma and Sadiya in Tinsukia district are the worst affected by the fury of the Brahmaputra and its tributaries, said Singh.On Saturday, NDRF pressed into action three search and rescue teams in Tinsukia. Of them, two teams were deployed in Sadiya and one in Doomdooma. The situation remained grim in Sadiya in Tinsukia district and Sootea in Sonitpur district on Saturday as well. In Sadiya alone the NDRF has rescued 600 villagers. \"We are carrying out rescue operation amid heavy rainfall in remote areas. Saving the lives of the marooned people is our top priority,\" said NDRF team commander in Sadiya.Apart from rescuing 157 people in Rangiya in Kamrup (rural) district, NDRF teams are also assisting flood-affected people of Dhemaji district since the past 12 days.\"This year, floods have either destructed embankments or weakened them. As a result, most of the major rivers and tributaries have inundated hundreds of villages,\" he said .On the direction of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and DG of the NDRF, the first battalion NDRF has been imparting training to communities so that the flood-affected people can learn to assess threat of flood and reach safer places fast, the NDRF commandant said. The NDRF has saved over 23,000 flood victims this year. Its teams have assisted administrations in distributing relief material to over 13,000 flood victims, while its medical teams consisting doctors and paramedics have treated over 11,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514755", "title": "Veerappan's wife watches Vana Yuddham", "text": "After keeping the team of Vana Yuddham guessing, forest brigand's Veerappan's wife Muthulakshi finally attended a screening of the film in Chennai recently. The film is directed by AMR Ramesh and stars Kishore and Vijayalakshmi, who play Veerappan and Muthulakshmi. The film also stars Action King Arjun and Shika (who acted in Kola Kolaya Mundhirikka and Vinmeengal).The film deals with the hunt for Veerappan and Muthulakshmi has filed a case in the court claiming that the film will affect the lives of her daughters. However, the film's producer had clarified that there won't be any characters shown in a negative light and that Muthulakshmi was free to watch the film any time and raise any objections.She had been scheduled to attend a few screening earlier but had given them a miss making industry observers wonder if it was a delaying tactic. However, she came along with her lawyer and court-appointed observers and watched the film.We hear that she has pointed out a few scenes as objectionable to the filmmakers who will do the needful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509037", "title": "\u2018Khurshid most handsome MP\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Law minister Salman Khurshid is one of the handsomest ministers,\" said Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia in front of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and a huge gathering, which broke into an impromptu thunderous applause, at Vigyan Bhawan here on Saturday.Khurshid was seen blushing amid amused faces of CJI-designate Altamas Kabir, Justice Swatanter Kumar and Attorney General G E Vahanvati.Possible candidates from among the Union Council of ministers vying for a place in the 'list of handsomest' could be Jyotiraditya Scindia, Jitin Prasada, R P Singh, Sachin Pilot, Anand Sharma, G K Vasan, Mukul Wasnik, Jairam Ramesh, Kapil SIbal and Ajay Maken.The CJI, however, did not elaborate on who were the others in his judicially estimated handsomest list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509803", "title": "Mohol gang member held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch arrested Arjun alias Anna Shivaji Sable, a member of the Sharad Mohol gang, on Friday night for allegedly possessing two pistols. Sable (27), a resident of Khed, was arrested at Lohegaon on Wagholi Road around 8.15 pm, following a tip-off received by inspector Balkrishna Khutwal and his team from the anti-organised crime cell (north region).Two pistols and six cartridges worth Rs 50,600 were seized from Sable, who is a criminal on record of the city and Pune rural police. Police are trying to identify the source of weapons.A case has been registered against him with the Airport police under the relevant sections of the Arms Act. Meanwhile, a magisterial court on Saturday sent Sable to police custody till September 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511364", "title": "Energy soars on last day of \u2018Koshish\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The festive fervour was at its peak at 'Koshish-'12' \u2014 the week-long annual cultural and literary fest of Punjab College of Technical Education. Students ensured perfection in their performances and a healthy competitive spirit prevailed on Saturday.The enthusiasm among participants soared as they presented solo song, solo dance, turncoat, face painting, western group dance and choreography events held for the senior wing.Singers from various disciplines of PCTE mesmerized the audiences with folk songs, ghazals and Bollywood numbers. Students from Afghanistan did not fail to enjoy the week of liveliness at the college and participated with zest. BCA-II student Ershad Ahmad said every performance at 'Koshish' involves a story from some part of this country. \"These seven days have been the most wonderful ones during our stay here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509457", "title": "Transporter shot dead in northwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-four hours after the Rohini triple murder, three new cases of murder and robbery were reported from the city's northwest and outer district areas.One of the crimes was reported from Swaroop Nagar, which has hit headlines twice this month, first for a bloodbath in which the killers committed suicide, and then the murder of a housewife by her relative. In the first incident reported on Friday night, two men allegedly shot a smalltime transporter twice while he was talking to his friends near his house in Swaroop Nagar.According to DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran , the deceased, Dheeraj (25), was the breadwinner of his family. \"Dheeraj was standing near the crossing at Nathupura on Burari Road at night when two men came and shot him in the chest at pointblank range. A case of murder has been registered at the Swaroop Nagar police station. The killers seem to have not taken away anything but we are further investigating the case. Prima facie, it looks like a case of enmity,'' said Karunakaran.Sources said the deceased is survived by his parents, four siblings, wife and a year-old child. His brother studies in class 10 and two of his three sisters are married. Locals rushed the victims to the BJRM Hospital, where he was declared brought dead. Police said they were not sure how the accused arrived at the spot and how they escaped. \"We have two contradictory accounts of the accused. Some witnesses said they walked down to the spot, others said they used a bike,'' said an officer. He added Dheeraj was not keeping well and had stepped out of his house after several days in order to get a shave. He was returning home when he was murdered.In the second incident, a businessman's car was robbed right outside his industrial plant on Saturday around 11.20am. The businessman, who resides at Pitampura and owns a packaging unit in the DSIDC-II area, was in his Fortuner car. \"The car had reached the factory gates when two boys came in a red Hyundai i10 and one of them asked the complaint to hand over the keys. He was holding a gun. Rakesh handed over the keys and the two occupants of the Fortuner were asked to step out of the car. The accused then drove off with both cars,'' said a senior police officer. A similar incident was reported a weak ago from the same area,'' said an officer.In the third incident, a missing person's body was found in Bawana. The man had been missing from his Moti Nagar residence for the past two days. Police said Dhruv had gone missing on September 19 with more than Rs 50,000 cash that he was carrying. \"We located his body on September 21 at Bawana. He was hit on the head with a heavy object. He was a scrap dealer by profession. We have arrested one Mahesh Kumar for committing the murder but one of his accomplices is yet to be nabbed,'' said V Renganathan, additional CP (west) in whose area this case was registered. Sources claimed the victim was murdered for a share of the money which he was carrying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511098", "title": "Migratory birds flock Coimbatore lakes ahead of season", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite the shrinking water bodies due to massive encroachment and pollution, the 17 urban wetlands in the city continue to attract 116 varieties of exotic birds, among which 43 are seasonal migrants.Though the migratory season is still two weeks away, major city lakes including Singanallur, Vedapatti and Ukkadam Periyakulam have started attracting a large number of painted storks, spot-billed pelicans, oriental white ibis and western marsh harriers. Even the highly polluted Valankulam and Ukkadam lake in the heart of the city are witnessing the arrival of a large number of migratory birds. The seasonal guests are in perfect harmony with the permanent occupants including coots, cormorants and grebes.According to avid bird watchers like K Mohanraj and R Mohammed Saleem, a number of shore birds too have started arriving in city lakes, ahead of the season. We suspect their seashore habitats may have experienced some disturbance. This is an emerging trend as the city rarely saw shore birds in previous seasons,'' said Mohanraj.Mohammed Saleem has identified nine new species that have visited the city this season, and he is hopeful that more would come towards the end of October, staying through the season which ends in April. Most lakes have started drying up due to poor monsoons but that has not deterred birds from arriving in the city,'' said Saleem.In previous years, Puttuvicki lake between Selvapauram and Kovaipudur had attracted many birds irrespective of whether they were local or migratory. Less polluted and situated in lush greenery, the lake had turned into a massive nesting and roosting site for birds. But it has almost dried up completely, keeping the birds away.The Valankulam lake started attracting more birds this season after corporation authorities removed water hyacinths and pollutants. The wealth of fish has been largely depleted in Coimbatore lakes due to the toxins and sewage released into the lakes. Human encroachment and heavy traffic are also discouraging winged visitors. But regardless of the several deterrents, the birds continue to show up every season,'' said Saleem.\"Among the 17 urban wetlands, only the Perur and Puttuvicki lakes have clean water. It is a real wonder that birds are still flocking the other lakes,'' says N Lakshminarayanan of Wildlife Conservation Society .Though it is polluted by sewage water from the Sanganur drain, the Singanallur lake is ideal for observing birds, say watchers. Several verities can be seen here. The Noyyal basin can attract more birds if we can check encroachment and pollution. Located close to the Western Ghats, the area is known for its mild winters and moderate summers. The annual rainfall is 61.22cm. These conditions are conducive for migratory birds,\" says Lakshminarayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16511566", "title": "Shoes hurled at Union coal minister\u2019s car", "text": "KANPUR: Hordes of traders, who were raising slogans against the economic policies of the Congress and the UPA government, on Saturday hurled slippers and shoes at the motorcade of Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal on the VIP Road near Gwaltoli tri-section.The traders, under the banner of Akhil Bharatiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, also decried the UPA government's decision of allowing 51% FDI in retail.According to the eye-witnesses, the angry traders first tried to stop the motorcade of the local MP to talk to him and hand him over a memorandum. But when the minister refused to stop, the protesters threw slippers and shoes at his car. The protestors stood in front of the Innova vehicle in which the minister was travelling and did not allow it to move. The securitymen of the local MP then used force to disperse the protesters. This led to ruckus between the two sides. After the motorcade passed, angry Congressmen following the minister entered into a tiff with the traders.The chaos continued for five minutes after which the cars of the MP left the place without taking memorandum from the traders.The traders said they were protesting against hike in the price of diesel, FDI in retail and limiting of subsidy on the LPG gas cylinders. They said they were following Jaiswal from the DAV College where he had gone to attend a private function.Till the time of filling of the report, the police had not taken any action against in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509105", "title": "Prices of office spaces in Bandra-Kurla Complex dip by 10%", "text": "MUMBAI: The uncertain economic climate and over supply seem to be putting pressure on the commercial office space market in the international banking and finance district of the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC).Capital values and rentals quoted for under-construction office space have dipped by almost 10% to touch 2009 levels. Wadhwa Group is quoting roughly Rs 27,000 a sq ft for its recently-launched One BKC building it is constructing on C66, the plot it bought from Reliance Industries two years ago. Of a developable space of about 15 lakh sq ft, the developer has already sold 2-3 lakh sq ft at Rs 26,000 a sq ft. Managing director of Wadhwa Group Sanjay Chhabaria said they were quoting Rs 28,000 a sq ft for One BKC. Property consultants say Godrej Properties Ltd, that is expected to launch its project in the next few months, is also quoting a similar rate of Rs 27,000 a sq ft. The office building is coming up on C68, a 12 lakh sq ft plot, for which Godrej signed a joint venture agreement with Jet Airways three years ago.Till 2011, developers quoted roughly Rs 30,000 a sq ft for under-construction property. Ready office space currently is quoted at Rs 32,000 a sq ft.Both these projects are expected to add roughly 20 lakh sq ft supply in the BKC office market in the next three years. Consultants say this supply will put pressure on the prices at a time when roughly six to eight lakh sq ft of ready to nearly completed office space is still lying vacant. Majority of this space is concentrated in FIFC Tower and The Capital at BKC.Said Anshuman Magazine, managing director of CBRE, global property consultants, \"With so much of supply coming in BKC, I expect the office space prices to drop by about 10% in the short run of about one to two years. A reason being the slowdown in demand for space from corporates and multinational corporations in light of sluggish economic conditions.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16510211", "title": "Corporation to implement mini-drinking water schemes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation authorities have chalked out plans to revamp the existing mini-drinking water schemes and to introduce additional drinking water schemes to find a permanent solution to the water scarcity experienced in the hilly in its limit.Frequent bursting of water pipelines, leakage on pipelines of the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) and unavailability of water during summer intensify water scarcity. As many as 21 mini-water schemes will be implemented as spillover projects of 2011-2012 in the corporation limits. Of the 21 projects, 20 will be implemented with the help of beneficiary contributions. The civic body will take up the repair works of unused water sources. It is also planning to popularize rainwater harvesting system.According to data with the corporation office, the city has 45,739 domestic water connections, 3,011 non-domestic water connections, 26 industries connections and 2,638 public taps. The old corporation area has 46 mini-drinking water schemes while the Chervuvannur Zonal office area alone has 25 mini-drinking water schemes. The civic body had spent a sum of Rs14.14 lakh for mini-water schemes during the 2011-2012 financial year.Mayor A K Premajam said the responsibility to ensure safe drinking water was vested with the KWA. \"The civic body has decided to implement schemes considering the delay in commissioning of Japan International Cooperation Agency-assisted drinking water project. The civic body will dig wells in the available places especially in the hilly regions,\" she said. \"Steps will also be taken to test the quality of water and to create awareness among public to curb pollution of water bodies,\" said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16508964", "title": "APTDC lines up golf treat for CoP-11 guests", "text": "HYDERABAD: The golf course in the historic Naya Qila precinct may have cost Golconda Fort its heritage sheen but the elite Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) is now being aggressively promoted as a must-see site for delegates at the upcoming biodiversity conference (CoP -11).And showcasing its lush green lawns, teeing arena and star facilities is none other than the state tourism department which, incidentally, is the official custodian of this heritage precinct.Over the last few days, a prominently placed link has appeared on the APTDC homepage guiding guests to the private club's website.A click takes the viewer on a virtual tour of HGA, which has, over the years, eaten into a chunk of the area on which stands the iconic Golconda Fort. The website even invites interested delegates to a game of golf during their 19-day stay in the city. The APTDC logo sitting pretty on the club's webpage is hard to miss.If tourism officials see no harm in this marketing gimmick, HGA executives are only too happy with enquires flooding its office as a result of this state government-sponsored promotional. What is more, they even proudly announce how the tourism department would arrange a two-day golf tournament for CoP-11 participants at its premises if the response is impressive.And this list of participants might just include a bunch of UNESCO officials as well. UNESCO is, ironically, the body which decides whether the over 400-year-old fort is eligible for the world heritage tag.Heritage activists are, predictably, fuming at this blatant endorsement of the golf club.Lashing out at state government authorities, they rued how the move only further established the government's connivance in turning the heritage site into a social joint for cash-rich Hyderabadis.\"On the one hand, the 'babus' claim they are addressing our concern and taking action against HGA for destroying Naya Qila. And, now, on the other hand, they are going all out to showcase the club at an international forum. This is unpardonable and highlights the government's lack of seriousness in protecting the city's heritage,\" said activist Jasveen Jairath who, along with other civil society representatives, has been fighting a pitched battle against HGA over the fate of the heritage site.Activists also wonder how the government has conveniently forgotten that the club is currently embroiled in a legal tangle for unlawfully landscaping its interiors. \"HGA has completely changed the ancient feel of the site by resorting to works banned by the court. It is very unfortunate that the tourism department has paid no heed to such issues,\" said Mohd Afzal, an activist from the Golconda area.Such concerns notwithstanding, tourism department bosses wonder what the fuss is all about.They maintain that the golf club is a state government-HGA joint venture and, therefore, deserves wide publicity.\" Yes , we are promoting it. And I see no harm in doing so,\" said Chandana Khan, special chief secretary (tourism, cultural affairs &amp; archaeology). She dismissed all allegations about the elite club being caught in any controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514948", "title": "Time we put an end to water wars", "text": "They say wars of the future will be fought over blue gold. The ongoing battle between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu over sharing of Cauvery only strengthens that argument as thirsty people, drought-hit farmers and opportunistic politicians stake a claim for the dwindling resource.While the Centre, states and tribunals are rallying to find a temporary solution to ease the growing tension, water agencies and experts indicate the prospect of a water war over Cauvery will only increase in the future. \"The areas where water scarcity is the biggest problem are some of the same places where political conflicts are rife, leading to potentially explosive situations,\" they say.The risk of conflict would grow as the demand is set to outstrip sustainable current supplies in the Cauvery belt by at least 20-25 per cent by 2020. With rapid population growth, water-intensive agriculture practice and increased industrial demand, water withdrawals have tripled over the last 50 years. In 1991, less than 50 lakh people were dependent on Cauvery for drinking water needs. But today it quenches thirst of over 3 crore people in two states.After the river leaves the Kodagu hills and courses into Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, two- dozen dams for the purpose of irrigation and drinking water interrupt the channel. This could only grow in the years to come as Cauvery irrigates an area of over 25,000 acres and Climate change and further spread of industrialization will also make increasing demands and competition for scarce water resources. Water managers in Karnataka also see a conflict between farmers and urban citizens growing, with tension already brewing between them in Mysore and Mandya.Alongside this is the concern over people along Cauvery delta destroying its surface and ground water by throwing waste into water bodies and over-extracting sand so much so that it threatens the very existence of habitation. Ground water level close to the river too has fallen to alarming levels.So, there is an urgent need to assess the realistic needs of water in both states backed by appropriate to face future water scarcity. Notwithstanding political compulsions, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu need to draw a \"water sharing agreement\" on principles of equity, fairness and no harm to either party. After all, there is no alternative to cooperation on regional and national issues of water sharing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510442", "title": "Students walk to promote a green idea", "text": "MANGALORE: To promote green buildings and create awareness about maintaining cleanliness in the port city, nearly 1,000 students walked four kilometres as part of the World Green Building Week (WGBW) celebrations here on Saturday morning.Bearys Institute of Technology and Indian Green Building Council has jointly organized WGBW with the theme \"Clean city - Green City Walkathon 2012.\"BIT chairman Syed Mohammed Beary flagged off the green walkathon at Nehru Maidan. Students with posters related to environment conservation from Nehru Maidan traversed through RTO road, Hampankatta Signal, KS Rao road, PVS circle, MG Road, and concluded the walkathon in Mangala stadium. Syed said it is the duty of every person to keep the city clean with lots of greenery and India should become a global leader in the green building movement. Green building is one which uses less energy, water and natural resources and which creates less waste, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16508945", "title": "Bharti Wal-Mart to open store in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bharti Wal-Mart will open its first cash-and-carry wholesale 'Best Price' outlet next week at Attapur. It will be the entity's third store in Andhra Pradesh - after the one each in Vijayawada and Guntur - and 18th in the country.Bharti Wal-Mart, a joint venture of Bharti Enterprises and Wal-Mart with both the companies having a 50% share in the enterprise, has fixed September 26 as the tentative date for the opening of the 53,000 square foot facility.Sources said that nearly 60,000 persons and businesses, including kirana shop-owners, retailers, resellers, hotels , restaurants, catering agencies, offices and institutions, have registered with the store for utilising its services.The registrations have been done on the basis of the tax identification number (TIN) generated by GHMC while granting trade licences. Over 5,000 items, ranging from fresh vegetables, dairy products to packaged goods, general merchandise, electronics and household appliances, would be available under one roof at the soon-to-open store.As the store is to be located at a distance of about 20km from the core city area, Bharti Wal-Mart is planning to provide free transport of goods to retailers and other clients.The first 'Best Price' store opened in Amritsar in March, 2009, and the firm entered AP last year with stores in Vijayawada and Guntur.\"A 'Best Price' store will open in Rajahmundry next month with more stores to come up in Tirupati, Eluru, Kurnool and Khammam over the coming few months,\" a Bharti Wal-Mart representative told STOI on Saturday.Although the existing stores record a monthly turnover of about Rs 10 crore, the one in Hyderabad is likely to do a monthly business of Rs 15 crore.Wal-Mart had entered into agreement with Bharti Enterprises as there were restrictions on foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail sector.Now, with the Centre allowing FDI in retail, the industry is closely watching whether Bharti Wal-Mart goes ahead with its 'Best Price' expansion plan of opening 60 stores in the country over the next 18 months.Wal-Mart is also reportedly waiting for responses from various state governments on FDI in retail as the Centre has left the decision on the issue to the state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16511009", "title": "Three youths decamp with cell phones, setup box", "text": "INDORE: Three youths decamped with two cell phones, CCTV cameras and a setup box, in an attempt to loot a shop, hardly 100 metres from Tukoganj police station here on Saturday.Vikram Singh , the resident of Snehlata ganj, later lodged a complaint in the Tukoganj police station.Quoting him, police said that the miscreants carrying country made pistols, barged into his shop at around 12.30 pm and demanded him money at gunpoint.Failing to get substantial amount of cash, they escaped with cell phones, CCTV cameras and a setup box. Acting on the complaint, they have been booked on the charges of loot and police is investigating the matter.Acting on the complaint, police have booked three unidentified persons for loot charge and investigating the case.Three youths in their early twenties reached to a shop in a mall, situated hardly 100 meters from Tukoganj police, for loot purpose on gun point here on Saturday.The complainant Vikram Singh, resident of Snehlata Ganj later reached to Tukoganj police and lodged his complaint.Quoting him, police said that three youths in their twenties came at 12.30 pm around in the shop. They were lashed with country-made pistols and demanding money.The police said that they came and lashed the pistols. They were demanding money but the shopkeeper told them, that he has not money at present.Subsequently, the youths escaped with two cell phones of shop keeper, CCTV camera and set up box. It seems that they were quite alert that they could be caught and they looted all these things only to save themselves from the shop keeper.The building in which they came with the intention of loot stands hardly 100 meter from Tukoganj police and also from Indore bench of High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511325", "title": "Over 1,000 register for legal help at mela", "text": "LUDHIANA: The two-day 'Kisan Mela' of Punjab Agricultural University concluded on Saturday after providing the much-needed legal help to agriculturalists.While a farmer from Lalton village inquired about court marriage and the procedure to get court's protection with regard to his love marriage, another farmer Inderjeet Singh from Reiyan village asked about the utilization of RTI Act.\"I wanted a legal opinion on what can be done when the seed and other farm material do not reach us even after we book them and make the payments,\" said Harpreet Singh , a farmer from Barewal.The legal aid stall also attracted people looking for a solution to their property disputes. BRS Nagar resident Manmohan Singh sought information regarding a property dispute. \"I had no idea as to what could I do about the dispute as my own people cheated me. I have got my name registered with PLSA and hope my property gets out of the legal tangle,\" he said. Chief judicial magistrate, Ludhiana district courts, K K Singla said over 1,000 farmers got their problems registered with PLSA during the fair.Awareness driveThe atmosphere at PAU remained abuzz with flash mobs and other activities organized by student volunteers and various NGOs. The farmers were motivated to read with help of flash mobs, were given \"Gurbani\" and inspirational text, anti-drug abuse posters, Sukrit career charts, minority scholarship forms and other useful material. More than 100 volunteers from various Sikh NGOs including Sukrit Trust, Guru Gobind Singh Study Circle, Gur Gian Sewa Trust and EcoSikh (USA) participated in this awareness drive for farmers at the fair. PAU students and city youth participated with enthusiasm in the golden jubilee 'Kisan Mela' on September 21-22 and organized activities for community and social service, such as blood group testing, eco-friendly and cleanliness drive, healthy literature sale, street plays against drug abuse, teaching street kids and spreading awareness about minority scholarships.Traffic awarenessThe 'Kisan Mela' also witnessed a stall of the traffic police where farmers were advised to follow rules", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pakur (jharkhand)", "code": "16514918", "title": "Money grows on trees for corporate sector, says Brinda", "text": "PAKUR (JHARKHAND): Taking a dig at Prime Minister Mahmohan Singh using the adage 'money does not grow on trees in his recent televised speech, CPM leader Brinda Karat said central government policies \"have indeed made it true for corporate houses\".\"Corporate houses are plucking money from trees of favourable central policies,\" Karat said referring to Singh's address to the nation on Friday night following withdrawal of support to the government by the Trinamool Congress .Slamming the Congress-led UPA government for \"focusing on the interests of the corporates alone\", the party Politburo member told reporters: \"The Centre's policies have become unbearable for the common people and the need of the hour was to set up a \"Sangharsh Morcha instead of a Third Front.\"Asked whether the left was not in favour of a Third Front, she said it depended on the stand of other parties, as \"there are instances when parties have taken a stand outside Parliament only to reverse it inside the House.\"On Trinamool president and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , Karat claimed she had no choice but to raise voice against the FDI in the wake of the left parties joining strongly combining against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16510603", "title": "Mulayam meets Sukhbir, seeks help in opposing FDI move", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) president Sukhbir Singh Badal met Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav in New Delhi on Saturday to discuss a common strategy to oppose government move to allow FDI in retail.The meeting has triggered speculations of an attempt at forming a third front and Mulayam is believed to have urged Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal for a greater role in national politics. Badal Senior had, earlier this year, refused to be considered for the post of vice president for which his name was doing the rounds in NDA.Balwant Singh Ramoowalia, a former Union minister who joined SAD just before the recent assembly elections, mediated the meeting. Speaking to TOI from New Delhi, Ramoowalia said: \"Mulayam Singh Yadav's association with the Badals is old as Parkash Singh Badal was a close associate of Chaudhury Charan Singh. Since Badal had played a critical role in opposing the Emergency imposed in the country, besides heading one of the oldest parties of the country for several decades, Mulayam Singh sought his greater role at the front of national politics.\"Ramoowalia said the SP supremo sought SAD's support in opposing FDI. Mulayam had courted arrest against UPA's decision during the bharat bandh but has pledged to support the government.\"There was no talk about SP withdrawing support to UPA. The party is opposing FDI just as we are opposing the decision. Mulayam Singh only sought support for opposing FDI,\" said Ramoowalia, adding SAD's joining hands with SP over opposing FDI should not be taken as the two parties agreeing on a political alliance of any kind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509034", "title": "City-based institute all set to facilitate gold mining", "text": "HYDERABAD: Last year, India imported 655 tonnes of gold with 969 tonnes being the quantity shipped in the previous year. Prior to that, the country had imported 816 tonnes of the yellow metal. The import of so much of gold is a cause of concern for the government as gold production in the country is said to be at a mere fraction of the imports - about four tonnes.Given this situation, the Hyderabad-based National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI-CSIR) is embarking on a programme to facilitate gold mining in the two states of Karnataka and Chhattisgarh.Mrinal K Sen, the NGRI director, told TOI that his organisation was about to take up a project for exploration of rare earth elements and gold. Sen said that two areas in Karnataka and Chhattisgarh have been identified for the purpose. YJ Bhaskar Rao, a scientist from NGRI, said that the institute was building in-house capability for high resolution shallow surface layer resource exploration and mining applications. He said that the two areas that will be studied are the Shimoga greenstone belt in Karnataka and the Sonakhan greenstone belt in Chhattisgarh.\"A combination of geological, geophysical and geochemical methods will be applied in the study,\" Sen said. Rao said that collaborations were being forged with agencies which have worked in this area. He added that detailed gold targeting for future mining operations was also being contemplated.The institute, it was learnt, will also make use of already existing data to prepare detailed maps for the study. A team of scientists from the institute has already begun work on the project. Officials said that, apart from the ground-level work, heli-borne surveys would also be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509511", "title": "Seven held for vandalizing hotel", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after unknown miscreants allegedly vandalized a city hotel and thrashed its owner, the police have arrested seven persons for assault and criminal conspiracy.According to the police, late on Friday, a history-sheeter Jeetendra Dhariwal, one Shashi Yadav along with 13 of their accomplices barged into a hotel situated in Jyoti Nagar area. Immediately after entering the hotel they started vandalizing the property and thrashed the owner Ramkumar Singh. They were equipped with batons and iron rods. The assailants had also stolen some cash and gold jewellery before leaving.\"Soon after the incident, we had detained some persons to know the whereabouts of the main accused Dhariwal and his accomplices. After a search, Dhariwal along with six of his aides were arrested,\" said a senior police officer with Jyoti Nagar police station.The arrested accused included Jeetendra Dhariwal, Pramod Meena, Mahesh Jaat, Rajveer alias Ramnarayan, Bablu, Anil alias Monu and Vidhydhar Jaat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510004", "title": "Security guard tries to save youth, gets killed", "text": "NAGPUR: Being a good samaritan cost 32-year-old Surendra Shende his life. Bhim Nagar resident, Shende lost his life while trying to save Amit Parekar from a gang of youths who were bashing him on late Thursday night.According to the police there was a tiff between two groups over loud music being played during a religious programme organized by Sanjay Chavan at Mokshadhan ghat, Ganeshpeth on Thursday evening. As the DJ music was causing nuisance to other guests, Parekar insisted the DJ to reduce the volume. However, youths dancing to the music took objection to it and started abusing Parekar which led to a heated argument. But timely interference by Chavan helped control the situation from getting worse.After and hour or so, Ganeshpeth patrolling police reached the spot and forced the youths to shut down the music. Suspecting Parekar's role in getting the police there, some of the youths intercepted him near Mokshadham crematorium. While the gang of youths were thrashing Parekar, Shende, who happened to pass by, intervened. However, instead of listening to his requests, the youths started abusing Shende. Suddenly, one of them stabbed Shende killing him on the spot.As the assailants fled, Parekar immediately alerted the cops. Parekar claimed Chavan's cousin Montu and his friends were among the killers. Following the post mortem, Shende's body has been kept at Government Medical College and Hospital mortuary till his family members arrive in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509494", "title": "Don't change N-liability law to suit MNCs", "text": "Nuclear power is dangerous and meltdowns are expensive. Nuclear power is so dangerous that the corporations that build nuclear reactors would not do so unless they were protected from the liability of a nuclear accident. As the world has witnessed in Japan, the cost of a nuclear accident far outstrips the insurance coverage governments have jerry-rigged for the benefit of the nuclear industry. Ultimately, the public is left holding the radioactive bag and billions of dollars in accident clean-up costs.Without an insurance scheme that shifts liability from the corporation to the public, the nuclear industry would never have split the first atom. After the Fukushima disaster, Vermont Law School Institute for energy and the environment researcher Mark Cooper stated that: \"If the owners and operators of nuclear reactors had to face the full liability of a Fukushima-style nuclear accident or go head-to-head with alternatives in a truly competitive marketplace, unfettered by subsidies, no one would have built a nuclear reactor in the past, no one would build one today, and anyone who owns a reactor would exit the nuclear business as quickly as possible.\"Cooper found that without such insurance schemes \"nuclear power is neither affordable nor worth the risk.\"In 2010, India passed the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act. Since then, foreign corporations and the governments that represent them have pressured the Indian government to amend the Act. Unlike other liability regimes adopted by nuclear nations, the Indian law allows those corporations that supply nuclear reactors to be held accountable in the event of a meltdown. The Nuclear Liability Act provides the nuclear plant operator a 'right of recourse' and this has made foreign nuclear corporations nervous.Nuclear salespersons and statesmen, from Areva's \"Atomic Anne\" Lauvergeon to US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , have lobbied India to amend its Act. And Russia has recently requested that India waive its Nuclear Liability Act for the two Russian reactors being built at the Kudankulam nuclear power plant. It seems American, French and Russian corporations want to sell India billions of dollars worth of new nuclear reactors; they just don't want to be held accountable for the damages their nuclear reactors can cause.Rather than rewrite the Nuclear Liability Act, the rules implementing it have drastically diluted the liability of the reactor supplier. Fortunately, as the world's largest democracy, India is uniquely situated to defeat and deflect these attempts to water down the law. The parliamentary standing committee has identified inconsistencies between the Act and the rules implementing it and has asked the department of atomic energy to go back to the drawing board and establish rules that are consistent with the intent of the Nuclear Liability Act. This is a step in the right direction and will serve to better protect the lives and livelihoods of Indian citizens.India's Nuclear Liability Act should not be altered or subverted to benefit Areva, General Electric Hitachi, Westinghouse or Rosatom. These corporations have been coddled by their own domestic and international regimes that channel legal and economic liability for a nuclear accident away from the nuclear supplier and to the owner of nuclear plant. In the Indian context, these are public companies and so the ultimate burden would fall on the tax payer.But, as is evident after the accident at Fukushima, no nuclear plant owner can withstand the financial tsunami of a nuclear meltdown. TEPCO, the owner of the Fukushima nuclear plant is now bankrupt, virtually a ward of the state. General Electric, the corporation that designed the reactors that melted down and then blew up, turned a $5 billion profit in 2011. Even if the faulty GE designed reactors contributed to Fukushima disaster, Japanese law fails to hold the nuclear vendor accountable.Fukushima has again shown that splitting atoms to generate electricity is inherently dangerous. If corporations want to sell nuclear reactors, they should be held accountable for the damage their reactor can cause. The Indian Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act corrects this glaring omission in international liability regimes. Nuclear power has proven to be more peril than promise and those who would profit from promoting it should be held accountable.The writer is a nuclear policy analyst for Greenpeace in Washington DC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509063", "title": "Vinod Rai keeps mum, averts fireworks at PAC meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a last-minute decision taken ahead of Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) meeting on Friday, Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai averted fireworks by giving a quite burial to his point-by-point rebuttal to the PM's allegations that the top auditor had once again exceeded its mandate in commenting on government policies.After the CAG's reports on coal block allocations were tabled in Parliament's monsoon session, the PM had said that in commenting on government policies the CAG had erred and its estimates on the windfall gains to private firms were flawed.The stormy PAC meeting on Friday saw the Congress members in the minority as Opposition leaders demanded that Rai respond to the charges leveled by the PM. However, the CAG refused to indulge on ethical grounds and said that he would not comment on anything that had been said outside PAC.Sources said an elaborate rebuttal to the PM's charges was prepared by the CAG's office, but Rai agreed to respond to the queries of the members instead.The CAG's briefing at the PAC continued for at least two-and-half hours even though initially he was asked to sum up his arguments within 15 minutes.Rai clarified at the meeting that his reports had never endorsed any policy. \"Audit has merely made observations based on the policies as prevailing and the different policy intents and announcements by government from time to time. Our observations are entirely based on the records that we have examined,\" he said.He emphasized that it was within the mandate of the CAG to assess amounts payable to the Consolidated Fund of India. \"Hence in doing so, from the very inception of our audit, we have been assessing amounts which have been received and commenting on short receipts,\" he argued for putting a figure to the windfall gains.He said the windfall gain term was used by the coal secretary and the auditors only calculated the short receipt which could have otherwise accrued as a result of the auctions the government's own department had suggested.Rai defended his audit saying his officers had considered the lowest and most conservative average price of coal as the reference price. He said it was the bench price used by government itself. He cited how the coal secretary in his note dated July 16, 2004, had observed, \"there is a substantial difference between the price of coal supplied by Coal India and coal produced through captive mining, there is thus a Wind Fall Gain to the person who is allotted a captive block\".\"Thus in computation of the gain to the captive block allottees at worst, audit can be accused of extreme conservatism only,\" he argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16515197", "title": "Bengal government organises roadshow to highlight the financial hub in Rajarhat", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bengal government is trying hard to bring investments in the International financial hub in Rajarhat New Town. State urban development minister Firhad Hakim along with senior officials of the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation organised a roadshow on the financial hub at Mumbai on last Saturday.The meeting was organised at the Taj Lands End in Mumbai. Representatives of reputed institutions like Edelweiss Tokyo, IndusInd Bank , Yes Bank, Citibank, L&T; Infra, DBS, IDBI Mutual, Dena Bank , SBI Capital, ICICI, Kotak Mahindra, Future Capital and others were present in the roadshow. State urban development minister Firhad Hakim delivered the keynote address. Arun Saha, the managing director of ILFS gave a special address and Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen also gave a detail presentation on the financial hub.Earlier, both the state and union urban development ministry had organised a similar meeting with bankers and other reputed financial institutions at Delhi to attract investors to come at the financial hub. The last date of submitting applications to invest in the financial hub has been extended till October 31 this year.Apart from highlighting the financial hub, the Hidco authorities also went to see the monorail project that was now being implemented in Mumbai. Officials even rode into a monorail for a short stretch and debated the pros and cons between the monorail and the light rail transit system in Rajarhat New Town that has been planned to be set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510959", "title": "Free medicines at govt hosps soon: Minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister's free medicine distribution programme is going to be launched in Madhya Pradesh .Under the programme, every patient coming for treatment at government hospitals and medical colleges will be provided medicines free of cost. This information was given by medical education minister Anup Mishra at a meeting of deans of medical colleges and hospital superintendents of the state here on Saturday.Mishra informed that six new medical colleges will be opened soon in the state.The minister said that a police post will be constructed in every medical college to ensure security of patients and doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "sawai madhopur", "code": "16509476", "title": "Heritage hotels to help sustainable wildlife conservation", "text": "SAWAI MADHOPUR: The first convention of the Indian Heritage Hotel Association held in the tiger reserve town on Saturday naturally ended up discussing the interim ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves. The next hearing of the PIL in the case is scheduled in the Supreme Court on September 27.The onus now rests with the newly created Federation of Associations in Indian Tourism and Hospitality (FAITH), a common non-government, non-profit body of the tourism sector, for preparing a charter for good practices to be followed by all the members of FAITH for highlighting the role of natural heritage tourism for sustainable wildlife conservation. The move follows a bid by the IHHA to raise its profile from allegations of tourism eating away the wildlife pie.President of IHHA, former ruler of Jodhpur Gaj Singh, made the proposal much to the delight of all members of the association. The one-day meeting saw participation from Goa, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Kerala, Himachal Pradesh and Rajasthan.Minister for tourism Bina Kak inaugurated the exhibition on the occasion and released the IHHA guide book containing details on heritage hotels in the country.In what could be the first recognition from the government of the growing strength of the association, the convention was supported by Incredible India campaign of Union government. Officials from ITDC and India Tourism also gave presentations to the Clean India Campaign and Huner Se Rozgar and sought the association's co-operation in spreading these programmes.Beginning with just 13-members in Rajasthan in 1990, the IHHA now has a pan-India strength of 179.But that did not prevent members from crying out on the poor role of the government in helping the heritage hotels in the country. \"Heritage hotels would get a boost if only there was strengthening of infrastructure in terms of better connectivity both by roads as well as air, especially in the rural parts,\" said Gaj Singh. Poor availability of power was yet another detriment to heritage hotels that are mostly beset in rural settings, he felt.\"We want to bring tourism to rural India and lift its cuisine, its art and culture to the world stage. Heritage properties have generated substantial economic activities and created employment for rural youths. As a matter of fact, rural tourism has been given a big impetus due to the heritage hotels,'' he added.However, Gaj Singh added that the sharp fall in the rupee against the dollar has led to decline in the outbound travel since the third quarter of 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509825", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to provide free water connection in 424 slums", "text": "NAGPUR: The slum-dwellers residing in 424 slums of the city have something to rejoice. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to take a policy decision to provide water connection to all slum-dwellers free of cost. Besides, they will also be exempted from penalty in case of possession of illegal water connection.Mayor Anil Sole has convened the general body meeting on September 28. Sole is convening the meeting of general body once in every month according to the provisions in the bylaws and became one of the few mayors to do so.The general body will discuss eight proposals including three new. One of the three proposals is related to water connection to all slum-dwellers.According to the proposal, the NMC charges Rs 500-600 for new water connection. The NMC levies penalty of Rs 5,500 for illegal connection. Besides, it also collects the charges for installation of new water meter. All these deter the slum-dwellers in taking legal water connection.According to the data available with the NMC, 33% of total population comes from the slum areas. Maximum slum-dwellers don't have legal water connection. Either the slum-dwellers get water from public taps or water tankers or from illegal water connection.The central government had sanctioned funds for free water connection to all slum-dwellers under JNNURM scheme with a motive to prevent water losses. Taking advantage of JNNURM funds, the NMC has proposed to give water connection free of cost to all slum-dwellers. But for that the consent of general body will be required as any changes in the water bylaws regarding penalty and collection of charges for new water connection, can be done only by the general body. Therefore, the proposal has come for discussion in the meeting to be held on September 28. The general body is all set to approve the proposal unanimously as related to slum-dwellers.Besides, the general body will decide on the percentage of capital-based property tax. The administration has proposed to assess the property tax according to 0.2% on capital value of the properties. The general body will decide whether to approve the proposal or reduce the percentage. But one thing is sure that the capital-based property tax will be implemented in the city.A proposal related to official from health department Dr Sarita Kamdar will also be discussed in the meeting. Besides, the general body is likely to elect one corporator for NIT board of trustees which is pending since April due to strong internal fight for the post within BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16510526", "title": "Rio to take action against policemen robbing arms", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio said his government will take strict action against police personnel, who rob arms and ammunition. He said such police officers had brought shame to the uniform service.Replying to the starred question raised by Congress leader Tokheho on Friday, the CM told the state assembly that 152 arms and 44,550 ammunitions had been lost from the Armed Battalion and District Enforcement Force (DEF) from 1998 to 2012 in Nagaland.Rio said a criminal case had been registered and police had made a breakthrough in arresting the culprits and recovering some arms and ammunition.Rio said the issue was a serious concern for one and all. He fully endorsed the views ventilated by Tokheho stating that senior police officers should visit battalions and companies to find out whether they are functioning within the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16507882", "title": "2G, Coalgate are trees of money for Congress: Narendra Modi", "text": "VADODARA: Continuing his onslaught against central government, chief minister Narendra Modi targeted Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during the Swami Vivekananda Youth Convention in Dahod on Saturday. This time around the PM's remark 'Money does not grow on trees' fuelled Modi's rhetoric.Modi said he had not expected an economist of his level to explain things to the nation in such a language. \"The country knows that money does not grow on trees. We also know that for you 2G and coalgate are trees of money,\" Modi said referring to the series of scams. He said Congress had found these trees of money even as the country was being ruined.Modi's address in Dahod was hardly a reflection of the speeches that he had been giving so far since he started addressing the conventions. The rhetoric was devoid of his signature style.Other than the comment on Singh, the only other time when he targeted the Congress top brass was when he said Congress has mocked at him when he said he would give a package of Rs 15,000 under Vanbandhu Kalyan Yojana for tribal areas in the state. Modi said he managed to give a package of Rs 18,000 crore then and Rs 40,000 crore now. \"Their mouths have Italian locks on them now,\" Modi said.Speaking about development in tribal belt of the state, Modi said this green corridor from Umargam to Ambaji will become the golden corridor of development during the next decade. Modi said education and health are high priority areas for the region.Listing the development works that would help Dahod, Modi spoke about the proposed Rs 3,500 crore project of drawing surplus water from Narmada project and supplying it to the tribal areas of Vadodara, Panchmahal and Dahod districts. Modi said 700 villages would benefit from the scheme and 2 lakh acres of land will be irrigated.Modi announced that for the welfare of construction workers working outside Dahod, special anganwadis and schools will be started for their children. He added that night shelters will also be started so that they do not spend nights on footpaths. Modi said an institute to teach construction technology will also be started for capacity building of construction workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16513945", "title": "Lack of doctors ails Gujarat, Tamil Nadu", "text": "NEW DELHI: On an average, a single government doctor serves more than 12,000 people in India.The situation is worse for dental surgeons.On an average, a single government dental surgeon serves around 3 lakh people.The latest figures on human resources, finalized by the Central Bureau of Health Intelligence and published in the National Health Profile 2011, show that the ratio of a doctor against an average population served is worst for Gujarat, followed by Tamil Nadu.One government doctor serves 25,168 people in Gujarat, Tamil Nadu (25,042), Maharashtra (24,540), Bihar (23,174) and Uttar Pradesh (19,409).One government doctor serves 17,811 people in Madhya Pradesh, Chandigarh (11,692), Odisha (10,695) and West Bengal (8,416).The ratio is slightly more respectable for Delhi, where one government doctor treats 3,933 people.However, when it comes to dental surgeons, the ratio is abysmal in Bihar. A single dental surgeon in a government hospital in Bihar serves 35.46 lakh people, Odisha (26.21 lakh) and Maharashtra (20.57 lakh).One dental surgeon serves over six lakh people in Tamil Nadu, and Delhi (over two lakh).India is expected to take at least 17 more years before it can reach the World Health Organization's recommended norm of one doctor per 1,000 people.The Planning Commission's high-level expert group (HLEG) on universal health coverage (UHC) recently predicted the availability of one allopathic doctor per 1,000 people by 2028. It has suggested setting up of 187 medical colleges in 17 high focus states during the 12th and 13th five-year Plan to achieve the target.The number of allopathic doctors registered with the Medical Council of India (MCI) has increased since 1974 to 6.12 lakh in 2011 - a ratio of one doctor for 1,953 people, or a density of 0.5 doctors per 1,000 people.The nation has a density of one medical college per 38.41 lakh. There are 315 medical colleges that are located in 188 of 642 districts.There is only one medical college for a population of 115 lakh in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh (95 lakh), Madhya Pradesh (73 lakh) and Rajasthan (68 lakh). Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu each have one medical college for a population of 15 lakh, 16 lakh and 19 lakh, respectively.The World Health Statistics Report (2011) says the density of doctors in India is six for a population of 10,000. India is ranked 52 among 57 countries facing human resource crunch in healthcare.Between 2001 and 2005, India had a doctor: population ratio of 0.5 per 1,000 population in comparison to 0.3 in Thailand, Sri Lanka (0.4), China (1.6), the UK (5.4), the US (5.5) and Cuba (5.9).The nation has the largest number of medical colleges in the world, with an annual churning rate of over 30,000 doctors and 18,000 specialists.However, the average annual output is 100 graduates per medical college in comparison to 110 in North America, Central Europe (125), Western Europe (149) and Eastern Europe (220). China, which has 188 colleges, produces 175, 000 doctors annually, with an average of 930 graduates per institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509101", "title": "CM reviews MLA society scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan reviewed the allotment of high-income group (HIG) houses in Versova to a society belonging to serving and former legislators and MPs.In August 2009, the then CM Ashok Chavan had sanctioned the allotment of 225 flats in a 13-storeyed building to Rajyog society. Some of legislator-members had already been allotted houses in the city. Following a public outcry, most were forced to withdraw their memberships.Last year, a draft audit report prepared by one wing of the Comptroller and Auditor General had termed the allotment \"irregular\". Mhada, which constructed the flats, had also recently asked the government to reconsider the allotment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16511315", "title": "202 candidates who cleared TET disqualified", "text": "CHENNAI: As many as 202 candidates who cleared the Tamil Nadu Teachers Eligibility Test cannot become school teachers after all.They were among the less than 1%, of around 6.7 lakh candidates, who cleared the test in July and were disqualified because they did not complete their bachelor degree or diploma in teacher education, a prerequisite for becoming a teacher in Tamil Nadu, said Surjit K Chaudhary, head of the Teachers Recruitment Board that conducts the test. The matter came to light during the verification of certificates of the 2,448 candidates who cleared the test.Thirty-seven candidates did not turn up for the verification. The state has set up a committee based on the directions of the Madras high court to allot posts for eligible candidates. Chaudhary said the committee would meet next week to discuss the issue.After the dismal failure of teacher aspirants in the TNTET, the state government decided to conduct a supplementary test on October 3. To enable candidates who will be passing out from teacher training institutes to attempt the test this year, the exam has been postponed to October 14. While candidates who sat for the first test in July need not pay to take the supplementary test in October, those applying fresh will have to pay for the test.Following complaints from candidates in July about not being able to complete the test within one-and-a-half hours, the state government has decided the test will now be three hours long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "16515169", "title": "Punjab government to provide subsidized medicene to cancer patient : Badal", "text": "BATHINDA: Reiterating the commitment of the SAD-BJP government to eradicate the menace of cancer from the state, Punjab Chief Minister, Parkash Singh Badal said on Saturday that in order to give reprieve to the cancer patients the state government would provide medicines to them at subsidized rates.Addressing a gathering after inaugurating Sub Division hospital here in Gudda village of Bathinda today, the Chief Minister said that the SAD-BJP government was duty bound to make stupendous efforts for tackling this fatal disease which has made inroads in the state in general and Malwa region in particular. He said that though the exact cause of this disease was yet to be ascertained but the state government was making concerted efforts for providing relief to the patients suffering from this disease. Badal said that the top priority of the state government was to ensure early detection of this disease and give prompt treatment to the patients suffering from it.The Chief Minister said that as the cost of the medicines of this disease was very high so the state government would soon launch a scheme to provide subsidized medicines to the cancer patients adding that in order to provide world class treatment to cancer patients an ultra modern hospital on the lines of Tata Cancer hospital Mumbai would come up soon at Mullanpur near Chandigarh. Likewise he said that the Baba Farid Health University has opened a centre at Faridkot today for diagnosing cancer and another would be opened soon at Bathinda for which Rs 60 crore has been already allotted to them by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16510903", "title": "Karnataka HC breather for Bhupathi, Bopanna", "text": "BANGALORE: Tennis stars Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna have won the first point in their duel against the All-India Tennis Association (AITA), with the Karnataka High Court staying the two-year ban on them.Bhupathi and Bopanna tweeted their delighted reactions but refrained from making further comment as the matter is sub judice. After hearing Bhupathi and Bopanna , represented by counsel Aditya Sondhi, Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar issued notices to the AITA and the ministry of youth affairs and sports.The court further stayed the September 13 disciplinary action of the AITA , taken because the duo had refused to partner Leander Paes at the London Olympics.\"The high-handed action of the AITA in passing the decision (ban) has cast a stigma on us and deprived us of opportunities to represent the country in upcoming events. Moreover, the illegal decision has caused, and is continuing to cause, irreparable harm to our reputation.... The decision was taken without following the principles of natural justice,\" the petitioners had claimed.\"We were shocked to note that Rule 36(a)( ii) relates to suspension of players not placing themselves at the disposal of the AITA when required to represent the country and declining to do so without good reason. The said rule is entirely inapplicable, particularly when we represented the country together in the men's doubles event at the Olympics based on the selection made by the AITA\" the duo asserted.\"The decision suffers from mala fide and is discriminatory as the reason ostensibly given for placing a ban is that we, without reason, did not place ourselves at the disposal of the AITA with respect to representing the country at the London Olympics.\"However, no action has been taken against Leander Paes, who was the only one of the three players, including us, who threatened the AITA with withdrawal from the Olympics if his wish to be paired with either of us was not acceded to and made this decision known to the association in writing,\" the petitioners further said.It is interesting the high court found enough reason to stay the AITA decision ex parte (in the absence of the other party), something rare in a case of this nature.The order comes as a relief to sportspersons who are often faced with arbitrary decisions by sports federations. It's also a warning for sports bodies that don't employ transparent procedures or the principles of natural justice.Bhupathi and Bopanna had claimed that together they were ranked 7th in the world as a doubles team by the ATP and were the third highest ranked doubles team with both players from the same country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509646", "title": "Day 2: BBMP council meet goes waste", "text": "BANGALORE: For the second consecutive day, the 198 corporators chose to miss the woods for the trees. Instead of finding solutions for effective garbage disposal from October 1, the corporators indulged in a slanging match at the council meet, with much of their ire directed at BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel. Goel had suggested that the next council meet in Mandur and stay overnight to understand the plight of people living near landfills. This led to pandemonium for almost three hours with little discussion on waste management.Goel said, \"We sit wearing suits in air conditioned chambers, without understanding the plight of those living in Mandur. It's injustice. Waste, if segregated becomes gold , else it becomes poison . Unless we segregate waste at source, the situation is not going to change.\" He said contractors must follow rules enumerated in the tender notice if waste segregation at source was to become a reality. For this, fresh tenders had to be called as the earlier one was approved by BBMP council in 2011, he said.\"On September 29, I will come to the council seeking approval for the competitive bids. No rules have been violated,\" said Goel.But corporators were in no mood to listen. \"Who is responsible for the plight of landfills? What have IAS officers done to solve the crisis?\" asked M Nagaraj, Nandini layout corporator. He even threatened to resign, asking if corporators, elected by the public, had to sweep streets now.None of the corporators came up with any suggestion on segregation of waste at source. When Goel said minimizing the waste sent to landfill was essential, with transportation cost also rising due to hike in diesel price, he was attacked on that count as well. Congress corporator M Uday Shankar (Siddapura ward) asked if he was greater than the Prime Minister.K Chandrashekar, corporator from Hanumantha Nagar, questioned the commissioner's decision to include NGOs and RWAs as consultants in the garbage contract and exclude corporators. \"Those whom we shunted out of BBMP have tried to enter the Palike through the back door. Why do we need NGOs and RWAs,\" he asked.Kacharakanahalli corporator Padmanabh Reddy said the new garbage would not work. \"It is impossible to see a change on October 1. If I go wrong, I will resign,\" said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16510277", "title": "Big demand at Canacona for oil extracted in mill run by bullocks", "text": "KERI: In the coastal village of Agonda in Canacona taluka, there is a big demand for coconut oil extracted by the traditional method of using a bullock to run the coconut mill.Though, there are many other units extracting coconut oil, people living in the rural areas of Canacona, Quepem and Sanguem prefer to use coconut oil extracted by the traditional method of using a bullock to run the mill.For the mill owner Tomatur Fernandes, 47, there is hardly any time for rest before the onset of monsoon, as the demand is big.\"My father, the late Caitan, had started this mill 50 years ago and I have continued his profession since I too derive satisfaction by serving the society,\" says Fernandes. He further adds, \"From December to May I start working on the mill and villagers from surrounding areas come to my place for extracting coconut oil.\"In this traditional coconut oil mill, there is a fixed wooden or stone mortar, which revolves on a wooden pestle. The pestle is attached to a long pole which is turned round by a bullock. Locally, this mill is called a 'ghano' and it is the oldest seed crushing mechanism for oil extraction.In Agonda, besides Tomatur, his brother Menino too is running a mill at Malar but it is powered by a buffalo instead of a bullock.\"Everyday at least 100 kg of copra is crushed for extracting coconut oil. There is a big demand from villagers for extracting coconut oil at the mill. People come and sit early morning at my place,\" said Tomatur.Radhika Narayan Velip, 65, from Parve, Agonda said, \"The oil extracted at the traditional mill has the natural sweet taste of coconut and we are making use of such oil for generations and found that it is pure and good for health.\"Tomatur has a son and three daughters and is assisted in the work by his wife.Though, traditional bullock powered coconut oil mills went into oblivion in Goa, Fernandes brothers of Agonda have maintained the tradition of their family till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509744", "title": "Snatch-and-shoot bike gang strikes terror in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A bike gang fired five shots at a terrified middle-aged woman after snatching her chain in front of Dhakuria post office on Saturday morning, almost reminding of the Wild West where gunmen would make innocent people \"dance\" by shooting at their toes for fun.The woman sunk to her knees in terror as bullets ricocheted off the road, inches from where she lay cowering.Just 25 minutes later, the same gang struck a residential locality in Survey Park, 5km away, and snatched a chain from a woman on the doorstep of her apartment complex.The back-to-back strikes come only a day after a bike gang opened fire in a residential locality in Jadavpur after snatching a chain from a 63-year-old woman.Police believe the same group is involved in these three incidents and even the Kasba shooting of March. They are operating in a 5-km radius in south Kolkata and seem to be targeting quiet residential localities and middle-aged or elderly women.The first victim on Saturday runs a milk parlour on Babu Bagan Lane, just yards from Dhakuria railway station. \"I was at the booth when a youth, in his mid 20s or early 30s, walked towards me and asked for the price of a small bottle of milk. As I stooped to pick it up, I felt a pain in my neck. The next moment I found the youth walking away briskly. My hand automatically went to my neck and I realized my gold chain missing. Without understanding the consequences, I ran after him and grabbed him,\" said 50-year-old Sephali De, still trembling from the ordeal. She is so terrified that she refused to be photographed.Two men on a bike stood on the other side of the road. The moment Sephali grabbed the snatcher, the pillion rider opened fire. She froze in fear and then slumped on the road. The snatcher, too, pulled out a pistol and he and the pillion rider went on shooting. \"I have never seen a gun. I could have been killed by any of the shots. What's the city coming to,\" she sobbed.Badal Sarkar, of Trinath Decorators, ran to help Sephali the moment he saw her grab the snatcher. \"But I stepped back when they started firing,\" he said.Simanta Mondal was having tea at a roadside stall when the gunshots rang out. \"At first, I could not believe what I was seeing. Some of us mustered the courage to follow the bikers but a few elderly people advised us against it because they had seen the two pillion riders brandishing guns,\" he said. Many shops in Babu Bagan Lane pulled down shutters after the shooting.The bikers sped towards Selimpur level crossing, say witnesses. Around 7am, 55-year-old Dipali Mazumdar was chatting with neighbours at her apartment gates - an everyday routine at the KMC water tap - when a young man walked up to her and spoke pleasantly. She suspected nothing. \"He asked about a driver called Bibhas. I was at a loss and started thinking about the drivers in this locality. As I was lost in thought, I saw another youth walking towards me ominously. Before I could react, his right hand jabbed me in the neck. His nails dug into my skin and as I reeled back in pain, I saw that my chain was in his hand,\" said Dipali.\"It was a Saturday morning. There was hardly anybody on the road. I found a biker a few yards away and instinctively ran towards him for help. I shouted for him to stop the snatcher. Then I realized that the goons also were running towards him. I saw them jump on the bike and speed off,\" said Dipali. Her husband Kundalal Mazumdar chased them but they vanished. \"Later, one my neighbours said she too was a victim of snatching the same way one morning but did not file a complaint because it was imitation jewellery,\" said Dipali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511144", "title": "Victima s account to be recorded afresh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after a student of PGGCG, Sector 42, was thrashed in broad daylight, police on Saturday decided to record a fresh statement of the victim. The decision was taken after police faced flak for slapping softer charges against three eve-teasers, who were released on regular bail within four hours of being arrested on September 19. Komal, 20, had alleged in her statement to the police, that the eve-teasers had threatened her of forcefully taking her in their car, while thrashing her with a blunt weapon.Accused Lakhbir Singh, Khushwinder Singh and Karandeep Singh were however arrested only on charges of thrashing and molestation, which are bailable offences. The girls father, Harish Kohli, had said attempt to abduction charges should have been slapped against the accused.Harish said, I received a phone call from the SHO of the Sector 36 police station on Saturday telling me that they wanted to record my daughters statement again. But I refused because she is not fit to give a statement as she is still under trauma. He added, Earlier too, police had assured me that harsher charges would be slapped against the culprits but I felt cheated when I received a copy of the FIR and found softer charges pressed against the culprits.Sector-36 police station SHO Bhupinder Singh said apart from recording the victims statements afresh, police also requested doctors at GMH-16, to provide them the medical report of the injured girl at the earliest, so that fresh charges could be slapped according to the nature of her injuries.Eyewitnesses surprisedEyewitnesses including some shopkeepers, who had witnessed the girl being thrashed were also surprised about the nature of charges slapped against the accused youths. Two eyewitnesses had approached the family of the injured girl, claiming that they were ready to give statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509666", "title": "Brothers die after scooter slams into median", "text": "BANGALORE: Two brothers, both carpenters in their early twenties, died on the spot, when their scooter hit the road median near Ullala Circle on Kengeri Ring Road around 8.50am Saturday. Shabbir, 22, and Shafi Ahmed, 20, where on their way to their workplace in Chandra Layout.Shafi was riding the scooter, lost control of the vehicle, hit the median and then an electric pole. \"They were bleeding profusely and before help could reach them, they died on the spot. Both are residents of Dodda Basti near Ullala,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16510214", "title": "Coconut procurement drive in March", "text": "KANNUR: Agricultural minister K P Mohanan said that the government would procure all the green coconuts produced in the state through Krishi Bhavans. The procurement would start in the March-April period, he said inaugurating a seminar organized by Kannur district panchayat on Saturday.\"Considering the shortage of labourers to pluck coconuts, a system would be developed with the help of labourers and government would bear the expenses. Krishi Bhavans will provide the necessary help,\" the minister said.The aim of the agriculture department is to produce more value-added products from coconut to ensure a permanent income for farmers, said Mohanan. \"Government is considering a project to produce 'Neera', a soft drink from tender coconut. The project needs the approval of the excise department,\" he said. He said that the central agricultural department has already promised to meet all the expenses to set up the Jawaharlal Nehru Heritage Agriculture Farm at Karimbam to promote farm tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509671", "title": "Husband, wife cheat house-owners and banks of Rs 2.77crore", "text": "BANGALORE: Police nabbed Krishna Prameshwara Bhat, 43, for allegedly cheating at least eight banks and four others by pledging properties using fake documents in banks. His wife Asha Bhat is absconding.Bhat took the original documents of properties, made colour photocopies and submitted them to various banks to pocket over Rs 2 crore. \"He would affix seals of the Bangalore Development Authority to authenticate the documents before going to the banks. A case was registered against husband and wife with Yeshwantpur police for allegedly cheating a bank by pledging the documents of property on Site No 43, 9 D Main, RPC Layout, Vijayanagar for Rs 15 lakh. During the investigation, we found they had cheated nine banks,\" said HS Revanna, DCP (North).Bhat was picked up at the Central Silk Board Junction on Hosur road but Asha managed to escape.Bhat had cheated Syndicate Bank , Vijayanagar branch (Rs 18 lakh); State Bank of Mysore, Malleswaram branch (Rs 24 lakh), Canara Bank , Bagalur branch (Rs 15 lakh), Federal Bank , Marathahahalli branch (Rs 15 lakh), Oriental Bank of Commerce, Sadashivanagar branch (Rs 24 lakh), Union Bank, Vijayanagar branch ( Rs 13 lakh), Bank of India's Jnanabharathi branch (Rs 5 lakh) and Union Bank of India , Vijayanagar branch (Rs 24 lakh). They also cheated several property buyers.\"The duo would scan newspaper advertisements and approach property owners posing as prospective buyers and lay their hands on the original documents. After a while, the owners would realize they'd been cheated when banks sent them notices for recovery,\" Revanna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510497", "title": "Now, verify varsity certificates online", "text": "MANGALORE: The National Academic Depository Bill will help authentication of certificates of candidates who want to go abroad for jobs. To ease the authentication process, soon the government will upload the certificates of students attached to all institutions on a website, said former union minister and chairman, parliamentary standing committee for Human Resources Oscar Fernandes.Delivering a talk on 'Education Policy, Education Challenges and The Way Ahead', organized by Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry here on Saturday, Oscar said though Indian students are talented, not even one single university is one among the top 100 universities in the world.\"We have not even established one branch of Indian university in foreign countries,\" he pointed out. \"Despite spending enough amount of money for research works, India is still lagging behind in the field of research despite there being good number of research institutions here. The problem lies in the fact that these institutions are not connected with universities,\" Oscar said.Medical seats increasedAs many as 17,000 medical seats have been increased to overcome the shortage of medical teaching faculties, he said.He said the Educational Tribunal Bill will solve many problems of teachers and students while Prohibition of Unfair Practices Bill will help curb unfair practices in the field of medicine.On establishing foreign universities in the country, Oscar said the Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill has been tabled in the parliament.According to this bill; only institutions with 20 years of experience in the field of education sector can set up foreign universities in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515285", "title": "Mary Kom to grace Star Plus\u2019s Ganesh utsav special", "text": "Festive season is on; accordingly Star Plus is all geared up for its much celebrated 'Khusiyon Ke Tyohaar', in which the entire Star Parivaar will celebrate festivals in its unique way.The latest news related to 'Khusiyon Ke Tyohaar' is that Star Plus with its 'parivaar' celebrated Ganesh Chaturthi special event.The entire cast of Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara, Ruk Jaana Nahi, Mann Ki Awaaz- Pratigya, Diya Aur Baati Hum were present to celebrate the occasion where, the leads performed few gags, dance performances and acts.But that was all not enough for the celebration as famous Mary Kom also made her presence felt in the celebration. The entire world knows that Mary just made India proud by winning the boxing match in Olympics 2012 for which the nation is going ga-ga over her victory therefore; Star Plus took this opportunity to promote and celebrate the women power.This particular shoot took place yesterday and the leads of Star Plus parivaar except for the leads of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai, Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon were present.We tried contacting Pooja Gor and Disha Parmar but they remained unavailable for their comments.Keep reading this space to know more on the updates on TV", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510632", "title": "Barring CPI, political parties hide information on donors", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Information Commission will hear the complaint lodged by the by the Association of Democratic Reforms that major political parties in the country are not furnishing information of the donations received by them under the Right to Information (RTI) on September 26, 2102. Significantly, the hearing is being held after one-and-half-year of filing the complaint. The ADR had earlier exposed that despite economic slowdown and high inflation , the income of almost all the major political parties increased considerably through donations from 'undisclosed sources' in past five years.The ADR had filed the applications under the RTI with all the major political parties in India in 2011 seeking information on source and method of receiving donations to run their organisation. In response, all political parties barring the Communist Party of India (CPI) declined to give the information. While CPI provided the information about their largest donors, their addresses, the mode of payment of these donations etc, other parties either didn't reply or simply said that they do not come under RTI.In a letter signed by their then general secretary AB Bardhan, CPI said that it is a 'public authority' as the organisation is substantially financed directly or indirectly by government funds. It also said that they have an internal appellate authority in case we were not satisfied by the information received. However, the Congress returned the RTI letter along with the postal order. In the letter signed by Motilal Vohra, it said that party is returning the letter and postal order because it does not come under the RTI. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) did not respond to the application.Interestingly, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) replied but said that it didn't have enough manpower to provide the information. The Communist Party of India Marxist (CPIM) also returned the RTI application along with the postal order. Through a letter singed by Hari Singh Kang, member of the central secretariat of the party said that CPI(M) is not a public authority as per the provisions of RTI Act and hence under no obligation to provide the information. On the basis of these replies, the ADR had filed a complaint with the CIC in March 2011.The ADR said in a statement released on Saturday that leaders of all political parties publicly maintain that they are committed to transparency in the functioning. However when it comes to the implementation, their behaviour is completely opposite. The ADR had earlier won the case in which political parties were asked to make their Income Tax (I-T) returns and contribution reports available in the public domain. Even at that time all political parties had opposed to part with this information. The CIC had then, however, directed the I-T authorities to make the information public as it involves public interest.The political parties get tax exemption on all their income. In addition, they have been provided facilities for residential and official use by the government on nominal amount. A study by the ADR recently revealed that the major source of the income of political parties is donations, 80% of which come from undisclosed contributors. Between 2004 and 2011, the income of Congress was Rs 2,008 crore, BJP - Rs 994 crore, BSP - Rs 484 crore, CPIM - Rs 417 crore and SP - Rs 279 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16509750", "title": "Vaiko thanks NCP for its support", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: MDMK leader Vaiko Gopalswamy, who is on his return journey to Tamil Nadu after protesting the visit of Sri Lanka's president Mahendra Rajpakshe to Madhya Pradesh, expressed gratitude to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for supporting him. Local NCP leaders welcomed Vaiko at Old Warora Naka square here on Saturday.NCP district president Rajendra Vaidya, ZP vice president Sandeep Gaddamwar, Nitin Bhatarkar and other supporters greeted Vaiko and shouted slogans in his favour.\"We had gone to Madhya Pradesh to protest against president of Shri Lanka Mahendra Rajpakshe who is responsible for genocide of Tamils in Sri Lanka . On behalf of my party and the people of Tamil Nadu, I express gratitude to the NCP, its leaders Sharad Pawar and Anil Deshmukh for supporting us,\" he said adding, \"I wish Sharad Pawar becomes prime minister of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16510415", "title": "Villagers hope project is model for state to follow", "text": "QUEPEM: The benefits of switching to biogas will be several-fold for the locals of Padi, Gokuldem and Quisconda in Quepem taluka.\"The Biomethanation units will help locals and protect the environment too, as firewood is used for cooking in these villages,\" said Subodh D'Souza, sociologist and a key member of the Quepem Salesian Society's watershed development projects. He said the units will also help villagers manage their kitchen waste.Speaking to STOI from Kanyakumari, G Vasudeo, secretary, Vivekananda Kendra-NARDEP, explained how a unit works. \"The main digester is initially fed cattle dung which is rich in methanogenic bacteria that produces methane from cellulosic material. Subsequently, one can feed the plant daily with kitchen/vegetable waste,\" said Vasudeo.About 5 kg of kitchen waste is required to produce 1 cubic meter of biogas which is equal to 0.43 kg of LPG. Apart from being an alternative cooking fuel and a good biodegradable waste management system, the units are hygienic (no odour or flies), user-friendly, easy to relocate and can be kept on the terrace as well, he said.The state agriculture department-the nodal agency for the central government's National Watershed Development Programme for Rain-fed Areas-said the funds are disbursed under the NWDPRA's testing and demonstration scheme.Arjun Velip, representing Padi for this project, said the arrival of the stoves has created a buzz in the village. Datta Gaunkar, the project head for Gokuldem, agreed, \"Such projects are badly needed as our villages lack basic infrastructure.\" The ex-sarpanch of Padi Barcem village panchayat pointed out that villagers in this part of Quepem live very simple lives, eating what they grow and earning a meagre livelihood from working in plantations.The biogas project, incidentally, is another feather in the cap for the Quepem Salesian Society. Just four months ago, under another watershed development project, they lit up 400 homes across Gokuldem, Padi, Quisconda and Vavurla with portable solar lights.The Salesians trained the youth to carry out the electrical wiring and maintenance of the units and each household had to invest a minimal amount for installation to engender a sense of ownership. The remaining amount was funded through donations.\"This biogas unit was always meant to be implemented, but we took it stage-wise,\" said Quadros, who is now based in New Delhi.The Society first implemented a watershed project where locals dug trenches and ponds, gabions (wire fabric containers), vegetative bundhs, loose boulder check dams and julkunds (low-cost rainwater harvesting structures on hilltops).Villagers benefitted from the construction of embankments that stopped soil erosion and allowed water to percolate into the soil, increasing groundwater levels.Society member Pratibha Naik said, \"The watershed project started in March 2008, and the solar home lighting project started in November 2010, and both initially failed to entice any demand from most villagers. Coming up with the money was also seen as a burden. Later when they saw how the few families were benefiting the demand was so huge that villagers were kept on a waiting list. Such is the case with the biogas units as well.\"Velip summed up the feeling, \"It would be nice to see our three villages work as a model for the rest of the state to follow, so that all can benefit the way we are.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514483", "title": "Bharath rubbishes rumours about Sanjana", "text": "Actor Bharath's career might not be going anywhere of late but he's still in the news for his alleged relationship with Kannada actress Sanjana. Some sections of the media even reported that the two were having a live-in relationship.However, Bharath, who is currently shooting for Sasi's 555 , dismisses these rumours and maintains that he is not in relationship with anyone.\"I'm friendly with many girls but that shouldn't be used as an excuse to link me up with any of them. I'm not dating Sanjana and even the reports of me getting close with a senior actress are absurd to say the least,\" the actor said.He also added, \"My parents are actually looking out for a girl for me and I'm likely to get married next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510721", "title": "Language courses cost more than IIT degree", "text": "PATNA: Sounds incredible but it is a fact that the expense incurred by Patna University (PU) on educating a student of a language course is much higher than what is spent by an Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) in producing an engineering graduate.The university spends more than Rs 5 lakh per annum per student in some of its language departments while an IIT spends around Rs 4 lakh on a student per annum. That language teaching has taken a back seat in PU for the last several years is evident from the fact that only a microscopic minority of students have been opting for language courses, both at undergraduate and postgraduate levels and, not surprisingly, quite a few departments have been reduced to one-student departments.Even though Maithili has been included in the 8th Schedule of the Indian Constitution and it happens to be an optional subject in the civil services examinations conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and Bihar Public Service Commission, the subject fails to attract students at undergraduate and postgraduate (PG) levels. In recent years, several candidates, including some from outside the state, have reportedly qualified the UPSC civil services examination by offering Maithili as one of the optional subjects. But only two students have secured admission to the MA (Maithili) course of Patna University this year.As many as 18 students have been admitted to the Persian course and 10 to the Arabic course in PU in the current academic session.Patna College Maithili department head Birendra Jha said the main reason behind the low number of students for Maithili course at the PG stage is the lack of feeder institutions at the undergraduate level. Almost all the colleges of PU have virtually stopped Maithili teaching owing to lack of students. Students seeking admission to the undergraduate courses seldom opt for Maithili or other language courses simply because there is no job market for them. Some language courses of PU manage to get students from other states, he said.Jha pointed out that the postgraduate language departments of PU may get some students if the admission regulations were changed. For instance, in Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University and BRA Bihar University, even students having honours in other subjects are admitted to the Maithili course at the PG level. But, in PU, only those who have honours in Maithili, can apply for admission to the PG course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510269", "title": "SP's promise of free saris tied in red tape", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is not just distribution of laptops and tablet PCs to students that is awaited. Samajwadi Party government's poll promise to the below poverty line (BPL) population of two saris each to women and blankets to the elderly persons is another that remains unfulfilled. In fact, it may not be possible for the government to fulfill it before January 2013. A technical committee that was to be constituted to decide on the quality and type of saris and blankets has not been formed yet. The committee would recommend specifications for the sari and blanket to the group of ministers formed to implement the plan. Departmental sources said it will take three months before orders are placed.A group of ministers headed by panchyati raj minister Balram Yadav was constituted by the Akhilesh government in April to plan and implement the said scheme. The GoM nominated a core committee comprising chief secretary and principal secretaries from three departments to formulate the eligibility criteria and for the purpose, finalise the specifications for the sari and blanket and to place orders for bulk supply.The core committee submitted its recommendations on June 18, but the GoM could meet only on September 10. The GoM said a technical committee should be formed to finalise the specifications for the dole. The technical committee has yet to be formed. \"Recommendations and criteria given by the technical committee will be placed before the GoM for a final call,\" said director panchyati raj VP Singh.As per the criteria fixed by the core committee and cleared by the GoM, married BPL women 18 years of age on or before April 1, 2012 will be eligible for the saris. For blankets, the recipient has to be 65 years old on or before April 1, 2012. It was also said that the scheme will be implemented in two phases. Crucial decision on the two issues is pending. The first is whether women above 65 years would get both saris and blankets. The second one relates to Muslim women. As per initial feedback , Muslim women want two suit lengths instead of saris.A provision of Rs 200 crore has been made in the current budget for the scheme. But this is surely not going to be enough. Considering that one has to spend Rs 500 for two saris each and Rs 400 for a single blanket, the cost per family would come to Rs 900. The scheme targets all below poverty line families in the state. This translates into Rs 900 crore for the over 1-crore BPL families in the state. \"We presume the scheme would cost nearly Rs 894 crore and the government will allocate more funds as and when needed,\" said Singh.When asked to comment on the delay, Panchyati raj minister Balram Yadav said, \"We will fulfill this promise too the way we gave away the unemployment allowance. We are looking forward to the distribution of kanya vidya dhan too. But we need time to plan and execute schemes which involve bulky procurements. I hope we will be able to roll the scheme by December.\"Meanwhile the survey to identify the number of beneficiaries has begun. The list of beneficiaries is being prepared at district level. District panchyati raj officers (DPRO) are expected to submit the list by the end of September. DPROs are taking the help of panchayat secretaries and pradhans for the purpose. The two set of village level officers will help in distribution of the saris and blankets, later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509118", "title": "Government Railway Police nets bag of 45 mobiles worth Rs 5 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Checks on commuters and their luggage as part of Ganpati bandobast landed the Government Railway Police (GRP) with a prize catch on Thursday, after a youth left behind a bag containing 45 cellphones, all suspected to be stolen. Many are high-end phones and cops have begun a hunt for their owners.\"On Thursday, our personnel were frisking commuters and examining heavy luggage at Bandra station. Around 5pm, a youth walked by with a bag. When constable P Bhosle asked the youth to stop, he became nervous, dropped the bag and fled,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar, Bandra GRP. Cops gave chase but the youth had vanished in the crowd.\"Most of the handsets are high-end models, such as Samsung S3 phones and iPhones. Of the 45 handsets, 26 were Samsung models, while the rest belong to other brands. We managed to trace some of the owners by going through the contact lists on the phones and dialling numbers saved under 'Home'. The owners hadn't even registered police complaints,\" Dhopavkar added.Cops have prepared a list of IMEI numbers of all the handsets. They have appealed to citizens whose phones have been stolen to come forward with receipts to claim the handsets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16510977", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation destroys one tonne tea", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) on Saturday destroyed one tonne tea after it was declared unfit for human consumption. Tea samples were declared unfit for human consumption and district court ordered to destroy them. Civic body also recovered fine from the tea shop.Special judicial magistrate D K Singh ordered the civic body to destroy tea packets, according to IMC health in-charge, Munnalal Yadav. He added that earlier IMC had taken seven samples of tea from a tea store at Jagruti Nagar and seized one tonne of tea on August 31 during its drive against adulteration.All the tea packets seized were tagged with duplicate famous tea brands which were deemed harmful for consumption after the test. The owner of the tea store, Bherulal Jaiswal had then filed an application in the district court to get back the tea packets. But it was rejected and the court ordered to destroy them.Meanwhile, the mobile court of IMC took action against 63 shops near Madhumilan Talkies. All these shops were fined for encroaching the road area. A fine of Rs 1.32 lakh was also recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16509954", "title": "Trinamool, CPM clash in Burdwan, one killed", "text": "BURDWAN: A youth was killed and 24 others were injured after Trinamool and CPM supporters clashed at Alampur village on Friday. Police said that they have picked up 20 people for interrogation. A picket was also posted in the village.Police said that several Trinamool supporters had gone to attend a meeting at Kaity on Friday evening. On their way back home, they got into an altercation with some CPM activists. Soon the warring groups attacked each other with rods, sticks, spears and firearms, killing Sk Salakat on the spot.It was only after police reached the spot that situation was brought under control. While 16 people were admitted to Burdwan Medical College Hospital (BMCH), four were shifted to Kolkata Medical College. Burdwan SP SMH Meerza said, \"Combing operations are on and so far police has picked up 20 persons for interrogations.\"Trinamool alleged that CPM had led the attack and they were in no way involved. \"CPM goons led by four prominent leaders attacked our supporters while they were returning from the meeting on Friday. They have also been throwing away Trinamool flags for the past few days. We have lodged an FIR aginst 30 people, including four CPM leaders,\" alleged Ashim Pal, Trinamool president of Kaity.District secretary of CPM, Amal Halder, brushed away the allegations. \"The clash was a result of infighting among two groups of Trinamool. Our men were in no way involved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "16509917", "title": "College principal, professor assaulted", "text": "JHARGRAM: In yet another incident of campus violence involving the Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP), the principal of the Jhargram Raj College and a professor were assaulted on Saturday afternoon when they tried to stop clashes among groups of students.While principal Kishore Kumar Rarhi claimed that he was assaulted by TMCP leader Soumen Acharya, a BA second-year student, the charge was denied by the students' wing of the Trinamool Congress. State education minister Bratya Basu has sought a report.Trouble has been brewing at the Raj College for the last several days after Students' Federation of India (SFI) members launched a demonstration against the poor living conditions at the students' hostel. The SFI said that the hostel was without power and water for the last two days and chunks were falling off the ceiling. Leaders claimed that when demonstrations were taking place on Friday, SFI member Kajal Das was assaulted by TMCP members. Das was treated at the Jhargram sub-divisional hospital.On Saturday, the college principal had convened a meeting of all students' organisations to discuss the issue of union elections. The TMCP had won the elections held last year and Soumen Acharya had been nominated as general secretary. However, soon after this, the Calcutta high court had ordered a stay on elections at several colleges in the state, including Jhargram Raj College.Since the morning, groups of students belonging to the TMCP and the SFI as well as outsiders clashed within the college campus. When Rarhi went to stop one such skirmish, he was punched and slapped by alleged TMCP workers, including Soumen Acharya.Bleeding profusely from an injury close to his left eye, the principal was rushed to a hospital. Chemistry professor Bishnu Kundu, who went to Rarhi's help, was also assaulted.\"I tried to stop clashes between groups of students when Soumen Acharya and others attacked me. I have lodged a complaint with the police, seeking action against the accused and restoration of peace in the campus,\" Rarhi said.TMCP joint secretary Rathin Mondal, however, denied that members of his organisation were involved in the assault: \"When we went to the college, we were assaulted by staff members including Bimal Mahato and outsiders.\" \"We won the students' union elections in 2011 but the principal has always supported the SFI. On Saturday, we were not involved in any violence,\" he said. SFI leader Soumen Mondal claimed that the TMCP has perpetrated violence in the campus ever since the high court issued a stay in 2011.Jhargram SP Bharati Ghosh said that she has received a complaint and the matter is being looked into.This is not the first time that a college principal has been assaulted by alleged TMCP or Trinamool Youth Congress members. On January 6, the principal of the Raiganj College was assaulted by Trinamool Youth Congress members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16510057", "title": "Backward community students in open category can opt for quota seats, says high court", "text": "CHENNAI: A backward community (BC) student selected on merit under open category (OC) can choose a medical college of his/her choice under BC category, the Madras high court said.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, clarifying that it was only choice of college and not admission to MBBS course, said: \"The BC candidates who got selected under OC category cannot be penalised for having been selected under OC category in case no OC vacancy is available in reputed colleges/college of their choice. They can opt for colleges where BC vacancies are available and it would be only for choosing the college and not for selection/admission.\"The petition was filed by Jenitha Jeba Roopa, a BC candidate who was given admission in a self-financing medical college. If BC candidates selected under OC category were not counted under the BC category, petitioner would have got a seat in a government medical college and not in a self-financing college, her counsel K Selvaraj said. She had scored 197.25 marks in Plus Two.P H Aravindh Pandian, additional advocate general of Tamil Nadu, denying violation of any reservation norms, stated that a total of 565 candidates qualified for MBBS admission under open category. Of them, 358 were BC candidates. The cut-off mark for open category candidates was 198.50 out of 200.Besides, 483 BC candidates too were selected under the BC category. In all, a total of 841 BC candidates were selected for admission to MBBS courses this year. But the BC ranking of the petitioner was 927 and she was not in the zone of consideration for admission in a government college, he said.Justice Paul Vasanthakuma, citing the Supreme Court rulings, held that there was no illegality in accommodating the BC candidates in OC vacancies only for selection of colleges and not for admission. \"In this case, as long as the petitioner has not reached her turn (zone of consideration) for selection under BC category, no prejudice is caused to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16509732", "title": "Couple nabbed for duping investor", "text": "AMRAVATI: Amravati police have nabbed a duo who duped a man by falsely promising to double his investment.According to information, Sonal Vakharia (27), a resident of Jayant Colony, and Vijay Dudhat, a resident of Govind Nagar, are the names of the couple. After duping many people, the two fled to Gujarat and stayed in Kothav area in Ahmedabad under assumed names.One Vinod Deshmukh, a resident of Collector Colony, lodged a complaint with police in which he had mentioned that couple had opened office by the name of Aryan Shares and Brokers at Dande Plot locality of city. The two had told Deshmukh that their relatives were higher-ups in Chennai based Aryan Shares and Brokers and they assured him double benefits in limited time. Impressed with the couple, Deshmukh invested Rs 10 lakh with the two. When cheque given by couple bounced, Deshmukh tried to contact them, but in vain. He also visited their office but it was closed.Deshmukh then approached police in the matter. The investigation was handed over to economic offences wing of Amravati police. On Thursday evening, police nabbed the couple from Ahmedabad. They introduced themselves as Shah couple in Gujarat. The two have been sent to PCR till September 24.Man held for molesting girl studentsNandgaon Peth police have arrested an employee of a private school in connection to molestation of girl students.According to information Pravin Mathurkar is a name of the employee attached with Tomoe School. He used to work as an attendant in the school bus and used to molest girl students while they would be dropped from school to home. He even threatened them of dire consequences if they told anyone about his acts. Due to this, the girls were in a state of shock and fear.When the matter finally came to fore, some parents approached the school. On Friday, headmistress Vaishali Awale registered a complaint with police. Police have arrested accused Mathurkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16508900", "title": "1 held for murder of Chembur senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime on Saturday arrested one of the four men who had strangled an 89-year old man and critically injured his wife in their Chembur house on Tuesday.The accused, including Ganesh Kannaujia, had barged into K S Parshuraman's flat on the pretext of delivering a bill. They attacked Parshuraman, killing him on the spot and grievously injured his 80-year-old wife, Rajamma, before fleeing with 80gm gold. During the probe, the police prepared sketches of the suspects on the basis of information provided by Rajamma. \"Based on the sketches we identified the accused and sent out teams to trace the culprits. With the help of the Special Task Force of Uttar Pradesh, we detained Kanuajia in that state. Our teams are looking for his accomplices in Bihar,\" said an officer.The deceased, K S Parshuraman, and his wife Rajamma had no children and lived alone in the second-floor flat in Krishna Niwas building, Chembur, for the past 50 years. \"A dog squad reached the spot but failed to pick up the trail of the accused. The building down not have any security guard and no CCTV camera is installed there,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16510908", "title": "3 cops 'flout' law, booked", "text": "NASHIK: Ambad police registered an offence against three cops, constable Samadhan Gaikwad attached to the control room and Manoj Wankhede and Ganesh Patil attached to the State Reserve Police Force, Dhule.According to the complaint filed by constable S S Nikam, Gaikwad was driving under the influence of alcohol on Vijay Nagar Road on Friday, with the two other accused riding pillion. Nikam alleged that the three argued with him and threatened him when he stopped them for riding triple seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508937", "title": "Did ED bend rules to file case against Baba Ramdev\u2019s aide?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate's (ED) case against Baba Ramdev' s close aide Balkrishna under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) has raised eyebrows within the department itself. Many have pointed out that those handling the case have not yet gathered enough evidence to suggest that yoga guru' s aide was engaged in laundering proceeds of crime: the offence that PMLA is designed to deal with.ED' s enforcement case information report (ECIR) against Balkrishna, registered on August 22, accuses him of operating through England, Wales and Scotland and that the agency is probing the \"proceeds of crime generated and laundered at the strength of the passport obtained illegally by the accused Balkrishna\".However, the details provided by the ED don' t back up the charge that he was involved in money laundering, sources said. They also said that the ECIR is limited to the charge that Balkrishna obtained passport on the basis of a fake date of birth certificate, an alleged offence for which he has already been chargesheeted by the CBI.Balakrishna was arrested by the CBI and is currently on bail granted by Uttarakhand High Court.The case against Balkrishna was registered after the nationwide black money stir launched by his mentor Baba Ramdev . The yoga guru and Balkrishna have accused the government of unleashing its investigative agencies against them for leading anti-government protests against graft.Registering a PMLA case, or ECIR as it is called, requires the agency to provide specific details of charges of money laundering. However, in Balakrishna' s case, the column where the details of property allegedly amassed through crime is to be listed, there are no details except the allegation that the accused \"has visited a number of countries at the strength of his passport obtained by using forged documents and established a number of trusts and companies\".The ECIR goes on to merely catalogue the trusts and companies in which Balkrishna is associated as a trustee or a director. These include: Patanjali Yogpeeth UK Trust, Patanjali Yogpeeth (Trust) Mauritius, Patanjali Yogpeeth Tatha Ayurved Company, Nepal; Herboved Inc, USA and Patanjali Malagasy SARI, Madagascar.ED has, however, defended the use of PMLA against Balakrishna reasoning that it was necessary for investigating the financial transactions that he made using a passport he had procured illegally.As for the details of \"movable property\" alleged to be proceeds of crime which ED has cited to justify in invoking PMLA against Balkrishna, the ECIR says : \"The incoming resources were primarily from donations. The trustees are reported to be in the process of preparing gift aid claims in respect of the financial years 2008 to 2010.\"Interestingly, there is no explanation as to how they are \"proceeds of crime\" that forms the basis of the use of PMLA.The ECIR, at several instances, reproduces verbatim CBI' s FIR against Balkrishna - like how and from where he obtained fake date of birth certificate from, he being a `Nepalese citizen' , etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16510232", "title": "NCP leaders to recommend collector's transfer", "text": "BHANDARA: It seems Nationalist Congress Party leaders are upset with the district administration for not giving enough credit to MP and heavy industries minister Praful Patel for attracting funds for projects under corporate social responsibility (CSR) scheme.In the line of fire is collector SP Singh, who has allegedly shown indifference to Patel's contribution in getting CSR funds for his Bhandara Gondia Parliamentary constituency. NCP MLC Rajendra Jain and chairman of Bhandara district central cooperative bank Sunil Funde, who is also one's of Patel trusted aides, are demanding Singh's transfer within two months, it is learnt.The demand came up after a meeting held last week under the chairmanship of the collector, which was attended by Rajendra Jain and Sunil Funde among others. An officer from Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), submitted progress report on CSR projects undertaken in villages of Sakoli assembly constituency. Notably, BHEL is one of the industries that falls under Patel's ministry.When Jain and Funde questioned the officer about whom he had consulted before submitting the report, he informed that Sakoli assembly constituency MLA Nana Patole was briefed about the works. Since Patole is from the rival party, this seemed to have ruffled the feathers of the two NCP leaders.Jain and Funde reportedly took the BHEL officer to task and even asked the collector to make it known to everybody that the funds are coming due to Patel's initiative. \"However, Singh told us that he is not concerned with the political agenda and only wants proper implementation of CSR projects,\" said Funde.This statement of the collector added fuel to the fire. \"We have now decided to apprise Patel of the happenings in the meeting and recommend the collector's transfer within two months,\" said Funde.going on in his assembly constituency, this very act of BHEL officer triggered anger in the minds of both NCP leaders, because MLA Patole is the arch rival of their leader Praful Patel, they scolded him in the meeting, they asked collector that CSR funds are brought by Praful Patel and there is a hidden agenda behind it, so it shall be known to the villagers that works are being done at the behest of Praful Patel, collector SP Singh told them that he is not concerned with political agenda, he is concerned with proper implementation of CSR projects. this has also added fuel in the fire .Huge funds are to be pumped in rural area through implementation of corporate social responsibility projects it's implementation has also begun , but NCP is aggrieved by the approach of district administration as enough importance is not given to their leader Praful Patel who has brought CSR funds to both the districts.Praful patel is the heavy industries minister in central cabinet there are many industrial companies under his ministry, BHEL is one of them. Every corporate company is having CSR funds and from these funds various schemes of physical and social infrastructure are implemented, due to Praful Patel CSR funds are diverted to Bhandara Gondia parliamentary constituency as he is member of parliament from this constituency. he himself had taken the initiative which resulted in funding to several projects. Tata I Institute of Social Sciences has conducted baseline survey of 32 villages of both the districts and submitted it's report, as per report there is unavailability of potable drinking water and water for irrigation,lack of proper sanitation facilities,lack of sufficient and sustainable livelihood options, lack of proper infrastructure and skill building and training of youth, in these five core areas schemes were suggested to fill up the gap .entire schemes are to be implanted through government agencies.Last week there was a meeting of officers of various agencies under chairmanship of collector, NCP MLC Rajendra Jain and chairman of Bhandara district central cooperative bank Sunil Funde who is also the trusted lieutenant of Praful Patel were also present in the meeting , in the meeting one of the officer of BHEL was submitting progress report of implementation of the projects in villages of Sakoli assembly constituency, when Raju Jain and Sunil Funde asked officer whom he had consulted , officer replied that he met Sakoli assembly constituency MLA Nana Patole and briefed him about the works going on in his assembly constituency, this very act of BHEL officer triggered anger in the minds of both NCP leaders, because MLA Patole is the arch rival of their leader Praful Patel , they scolded him in the meeting , they asked collector that CSR funds are brought by Praful Patel and there is a hidden agenda behind it , so it shall be known to the villagers that works are being done at the behest of Praful Patel , collector SP Singh told them that he is not concerned with political agenda, he is concerned with proper implementation of CSR projects .this has also added fuel in the fire .After conclusion of meeting both NCP leaders have decided to acquaint Praful Patel with the straight forwardness of collector and his rigid approach to CSR, they will complain against collector and will recommend his transfer within two months, collector like SP Singh is intolerable to them and he shall be shown exit gate within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509358", "title": "Mamata\u2019s walkout puts railway projects off track", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banejee may have scored a political point by walking out of the UPA coalition but experts say her action has put in jeopardy several projects planned by the railways and could also have serious implications on efforts to restore the health of the state's finances.The feisty Bengal leader had used her position as a key ally of the government to get several projects to be executed by the railways in her state. Her 19 MPs were also a bargaining tool for getting some help from the Centre to tide over hard times.While the Centre had rejected her demand for a moratorium on loan repayment saying it was unable to help as the state government had borrowed the funds from the public. Despite several rounds of negotiations, Banerjee failed to arrive on any compromise on a package from the Centre.West Bengal's interest payment on loans is estimated at around Rs 25,000 crore annually and Banerjee had demanded that the Centre impose a moratorium on this for at least three years.Finance ministry officials had said that the centre was willing to assist the state by providing cash through several programmes rather than a moratorium on loan repayment which is difficult to implement against the backdrop of stringent fiscal consolidation measures. While some funds were provided to bring relief to the state, the Centre would have gone ahead and provided the cash package. It would have worked out to over Rs 20,000 staggered over a few years.Experts say the Centre is unlikely play the villain's role and block all financial relief for the state after Trinamool Congress's separation from the Centre but the pace was likely to slow down.\"Now it is going to be much more difficult for the state government to really get help in strengthening the financial health of Bengal,\" said N R Bhanumurthy, a professor at the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy.The biggest casualty of her action would be the numerous projects that were expected to be implemented by the railways to jumpstart investments and boost employment in the state. Lack of jobs could stoke anger against Banerjee's administration which the fiery TMC chief would like to avoid as she plots her next big move.\"Going by the past experience and given the strained relationship between the UPA and the TMC, the change in the railway ministry would hamper the projects that have already been announced,\" Bhanumurthy said.Several projects announced by Banerjee in her 2011-12 railways budget could face delays. Among the major ones are the move to up grade and expand the Kolkata Metro railway network, set up the Kolkata Rail Vikas Corporation on the lines of the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation aimed at transforming the suburban railway network in the state and introduce 15-car trains to cater to heavy passenger load.Coach and railway equipment units at Kanchrapara, Dankuni, Budge Budge and several projects under the public-private partnership and joint ventures could face scrutiny. Railway staff training facilities at Kharagpur and Kurseong may also be impacted while the \"izzat scheme\", which aimed to create low-cost housing for people living near the railway tracks could be reworked.The Centre may also seek a fresh review of the large number of projects announced for the state by Banerjee and her successors from the Trinamool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16510283", "title": "Lone judo hostel in state has no training hall", "text": "BELGAUM: It has been 10 years since the DYSS Judo Sports Hostel came into existence, but it still does not have an indoor hall of its own for training its judokas. The athletes get trained in a makeshift hall at the stadium. The department of youth services and sports (DYSS), Belgaum district, has failed to provide the bare minimum facilities even though it is the only judo hostel in the state. The makeshift hall at the stadium is in a pathetic condition and though it was brought to the notice of officials concerned no action has been taken till date.About 40 men and women undergo training at this hostel every year, which has produced many state, national and international judokas. The lack of an indoor hall for their practice has not hindered the judokas of this centre from excelling at every level of competition they have taken part in.But this does not mean they are disappointed by the department's apathy. Speaking on condition of anonymity, one of the trainees said: \"This is the only judo hostel in the state, but we don't even have the basic facilities. An indoor hall is the need of the hour. The present facility is not fit for practice.\"Some of the players who trained at the centre and went on to represent India are Rohini B Patil, BR Sangeetha, Devishree Muthu, Devashree, Pooja Gavde, Mohan Gadi, Yellappa Gourav and Besto Rane.Defending the department, deputy director H Basavaraj said: \"The proposal to construct an indoor hall has been sent to the government. A place has been identified and we will go ahead with the construction after the government approval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509175", "title": "These men guide Haj pilgrims\u2019 progress", "text": "S Lari, an advocate, has been a haj orientation programme at the Saboo Siddique Musafirkhana since June. Yet, last week, he went for another orientation at Haj House organised by the Sahyog Cultural Society. The session comprised a viewing of two Arabic documentary films dubbed in Urdu, where the protagonists enacted different rituals and demonstrated different dimensions of haj. \"Before I attended the training sessions, I didn't know much about the haj rituals and what to do or not during the journey. Now I am confident,\" says Lari.This October, 1,70,000 Indian Muslim pilgrims will perform haj. And if their 40-day stay in crowded, hot and humid Mecca and Medina is hassle-free, credit is due, in part, to the team of trainers hired by numerous organisations across the country. In Mumbai, over a dozen such\u2014the Haj Committee, Sunni Dawat-e-Islami and Tablighi Jamaat for instance\u2014organise camps where trainers instruct pilgrims on the whys and hows of everything, from wearing the ehram (the two unsewn pieces of cloth for male pilgrims), to using the aircraft's toilet to circumambulating the Kaaba in Mecca.There are two kinds of trainers\u2014while those appointed by the Haj Committee mostly teach pilgrims about the logistics of travel to, and traffic rules in, Saudi Arabia, trainers brought in by socio-religious bodies coach the pilgrims on haj rituals. And both come up against many interesting situations, given the plethora of dos and don'ts around the pilgrimage, beginning with who can perform it.Salim Baksh, a haj trainer at Saboo Siddique, narrates an incident which arose out of the fact that the Saudi government does not issue a haj visa to a woman pilgrim unless she is accompanied by her husband or a mehraam (a male relative whom she cannot marry, like her father, son, grandson and brother). A woman once wanted to go for haj but couldn't find a mehraam,\" he says. \"She was offered a 'solution' by a private tour operator. He told her that they should share a glass of milk\u2014by doing so, they would become brother and sister and she could travel to haj with him. I stopped him from doing so.\"While Baksh says that the mehraam bit is mandated in the Sharia, Islamic scholar Zeenat Shaukat Ali does not see this as inherently obligatory. \"This was not the practice in the early phase of Islam,\" she points out. \"During the Prophet's time, a woman called Asma binte Umais travelled alone by sea and emigrated to Abyssinia in Africa. If she could travel alone, why can't women today travel alone to Mecca? It's not religion but the patriarchal culture that has created this rule, and this has crept into the Sharia.\"A number of other beliefs that have set in over time are mistakenly attributed to Islamic norm\u2014the belief among many uneducated Muslims, for instance, that they cannot perform the haj pilgrimage unless they marry 'off' their daughters of marriageable age. \"This is a wrong belief, a product of the patriarchal culture where parents try to marry their daughters off early,\" says senior cleric Maulana Rizwan Khan, who has conducted haj orientation programmes for over a decade.There are other conditions one has to fulfil for haj like being able to afford the journey physically and financially. \"If you are indebted, haj is not obligatory for you,\" says Khan. Would-be hajis also have to seek forgiveness for any harm they may have caused family and friends. \"This is because haj should be performed with a clean slate,\" says Mohammed Khalid Banegar, a Mira Road-based haj trainer.Haj is supposed to be a person's spiritual rebirth, and after the pilgrimage a haji is supposed to remain truthful and devout, says Maulana Yusuf Raza Qadri, a Bhiwandi-based trainer. Cleric Maulana Anees Ahmed Ashrafi, however, admits that many people who perform haj never become pious. \"This is because the money they spend for haj is earned by wrong means,\" he says. \"It is also because for many performing haj remains a picnic, not a pilgrimage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510343", "title": "Govt targeting mining officials, not main culprits: Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress party on Saturday accused chief minister Manohar Parrikar of not initiating action against main players in illegal mining and condemned the government action of suspending government officials selectively.Congress spokesperson Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco, in a press statement, said the Congress party offered their condolences to the family of assistant geologist at the mines department, Dattatraya Bhave, who allegedly committed suicide.\"The chief minister is misleading the people by showing that he is taking action on the Shah commission report, while the main players who have brought Goa to this situation, no action is been taken against them by the government,\" Lourenco said.The Shah commission report had accused former Congress chief minister Pratapsingh Rane and Digambar Kamat of abetting illegal mining in the state.Reginaldo also reiterated that the government should hand over the probe to Supreme Court monitored agencies such as the enforcement directorate or Central bureau of investigation (CBI) to go through the Shah commission report.\"Fix responsibilities on people who have looted Goa to the extent of 35,000 crore and recover the same amount,\" said Reginaldo.Reacting to the recent state government decision to increase the Value Added Tax (VAT) on diesel, Reginaldo said while national leaders of the BJP have been critical of the diesel price hike, a different ball game is being played out in Goa. The BJP-led Parrikar government in Goa increased the VAT on diesel by 2%. \"This decision is out of sync with that of the national leaders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16510554", "title": "Pedal power will light up Mysore Palace this Dasara", "text": "MYSORE: On the first day of Dasara, Mysore Palace will be illuminated not with regular electricity but with pedal power. \"The Mysore Palace Board and district administration, in association with a private telecom company, plans to fit dynamos to bicycles and generate power,\" said assistant executive engineer, Mysore Palace Board Parashiva Murthy.Ten cycles will be placed on the palace premises and visitors can pedal for as long as they wish. Power is generated using a dynamo and the generated power will be stored in batteries and used to light up the palace on Oct 16.Asked if there'll be sufficient power to illuminate the entire palace, he said the palace has 98,260 bulbs of 15 watts each and every hour, 1 megawatt power is needed to light up the palace. Cycle-generated power will not be sufficient to illuminate the entire palace but just a certain portion of it.\"The effort is to spread the message about the benefits of cycling and we hope the response is positive,\" Mysore Palace Board deputy director TS Subramanya told STOI. The palace gets over 5,000 footfalls every day.Deputy commissioner PS Vastrad said, \"We've discussed this project with a private firm which will install the necessary equipment required for power generation.\" In earlier efforts to popularize cycling, the district administration introduced the cycle-to-work culture in which bureaucrats came to office by bicycles.Times ViewThe use of dynamos to generate electricity is ages old, but the idea of using such power to illuminate the centre of Karnataka's Nada Habba is innovative. Though the bicycles will light up only a part of the Mysore Palace, it's an eye-catching demo of the advantages of using bicycles. Visitors to the palace during Dasara can do their bit for eco-friendly illumination. The district administration's efforts to promote cycling are worth emulating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509495", "title": "Schizophrenia helps man get away with murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Schizophrenia and hallucination are mental disorders that could wreck a person's life. But in the case of Zakir Hussain , they helped him get away with the murder of his pregnant wife.In a rare case of acquittal, a Chennai court acquitted Zakir of murder charge despite telling evidence, because it was medically proved that he was not in his senses and was suffering from extreme mental disorder when he stabbed and killed his young wife in 2006.Zakir, a tailor, married Ramzan Biwi in May 2002. The couple had frequent quarrels as Zakir suspected his wife's fidelity. They lived separately in 2005, but later reunited. However, when it became clear that Ramzan Biwi was pregnant with twins in 2006, Zakir's old doubts returned and there were quarrels again. On February 12, 2006, Zakir slashed her neck with a knife and killed her.During trial before the mahila court judge Meena Sathish, several neighbours and prosecution witnesses spoke about the discord between the couple and it became fairly clear that it was Zakir who had murdered Biwi. However, on coming across a reference to Zakir's mental disorder, the judge summoned Dr Anandha Pratap of Institute of Mental Health and inquired him about Zakir's medical history of Zakir.The doctor revealed that Zakir was indeed his patient and that he was under intense treatment between November 30 and December 15, 2005. The doctor said Zakir was diagnosed with schizophrenia and that he was paranoid about others. He said Zakir was suffering from hallucination too. Since Zakir's schizophrenia was in an advanced stage, the doctor said he had advised him to continue the treatment and return for more tests. Zakir, however, did not continue his treatment.On February 2 2006, just six days before he murdered his wife, Zakir again went to the doctor and said he experienced extreme tiredness and was unable to do his regular work. Dr Pratap said it was a clear indication that his mental illness had worsened.Zakir allegedly murdered Biwi on February 12, 2006 and after his arrest and subsequent remand, he was sent back to the hospital. Dr Pratap said Zakir was in hospital for 15 months from February 2006 to May 2007 and he continued to be schizophrenic.Relying on the clear evidence of the doctor, well supported by medical records, judge Meena Sathish said it was clear that Zakir had schizophrenia and hallucination when the offence was allegedly committed by him. Also, the prosecution had not presented any eyewitness to prove the charges. She the ordered his immediate release, if he is in custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513045", "title": "Sonakshi gets ready for her first action film", "text": "At last Sonakshi is ready to have a blast. Having played a string of delicate feminine very Indian roles Sonakshi will now be cast in Prabhu Deva's Namak in her first full-fledged action role.The film being described by a source very close to the project as \"an intense love story with a violent backdrop\", would be a new beginning for director Prabhu Deva.Says a friend of Prabhu, \"He is scripting Namak. This would be his first effort at screenplay writing. So far he has only directed films written by others. He felt it was about time he created the characters himself.\"And we understand from Prabhu's friend that the girl's part has been written especially for Sonakshi. Says our source, \"During Rowdy Rathore Prabhu Deva and Sonakshi really hit it off. When he was shooting the Govinda song with Sonakshi for Oh My God, Prabhu mentioned to Sonakshi that watching her agile dance steps he was sure she would make a terrific action heroine. He told her about the girl in Namak who doesn't just stand behind the hero biting her lips and wringing her hands, but actually has her own action plan. Sonakshi was immediately game.\"Her excitement comes from the fact that so far all her films have featured her as a demure, sweet angelic desi girl. Says our source, \"There's a very trendy and Westernized, very young side to Sonakshi not yet tapped because so far she has only been working with heroes twice her age. Ranveer Singh is her first young co-star. But their film Lootera again features her in a very ladylike avatar with lowered eyes and long eyelashes.\"Apparently since both Shahid and Sonakshi would be doing hard efforts in Namak, Prabhu Deva wants to put them both under joint physical training.Says our source, \"He wants his lead pair to excel in the martial arts. But he doesn't want them to learn their stunts separately. Their action scenes should look perfectly co-ordinated on screen. For that Shahid and Sonakshi have to make the time get into the action mode as a couple.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510295", "title": "GRP sets up control room for abandoned children", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Government Railway Police has set up a control room exclusively for rehabilitation of children found abandoned or involved in illegal activities at Charbagh. The control room was inaugurated by Ashwini Srivastava, senior DCM, Lucknow, Northern Railway (NR).The GRP station in Charbagh is now a 'child-friendly station'. Children are being rehabilitated by joint efforts of Special Task Force of station staff and 'Ehsaas, an NGO working for children. In the last five years, about 1,100 children have been rehabilitated at Charbagh.To sensitise station staff and GRP personnel, training and awareness programmes on Juvenile Justice Act, child rights and safety are organised. GRP has appointed two of its station personnel as child welfare officers. Children, even if found involved in a crime, are never put behind bars.The Charbagh station has also taken the step to become a no-polythene zone. Taking a step towards this, vendors at Charbagh station have bee directed to ban the use of polythene completely till October 2. Amitabh Kumar, station manager has been made the nodal officer to implement the 'no-polythene' plan strictly. The vendors flouting the rule might also get their licenses cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509336", "title": "C P Joshi gets additional charge of railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress minister C P Joshi is the new railways minister.Though Joshi, who is union road and highways minister, has been given additional charge, his appointment is seen as an indication that Congress is no mood to hand over the key infrastructure ministry to UPA partners. This move by government gains significance prior to a likely major Cabinet reshuffle and negotiations with its allies in UPA-II.The nomination of a Congress minister to head state-run transporter soon after Trinamool nominee Mukul Roy's resignation indicated ruling party managers' keenness to regain control over railways after a gap of 16 years. Already there have been reports of some of the key allies in UPA lobbying for this ministerial berth.Railways had been with the regional partners whether it was NDA or UPA in power.After his appointment as railway minister, Joshi said that a robust transport system is the only way out to achieve high economic growth. He hinted that there is need of pushing massive reforms and modernize national transporter to raise railways in goods transport has to increase.On whether his handling two portfolios - highways and railways - won't be difficult since both sectors eye increasing their share of goods transport, Joshi said, \"There is no conflict of interest. Road and rail are complimentary. The government intends to provide quality infrastructure and to push the goods transport across the country.\"The new minister avoided questions on railway safety and passenger fare hike.However, chairman railway board Vinay Mittal, who was brain behind passenger fare hike during Dinesh Trivedi's tenure as minister said that railways lost around Rs 4,200 crore due to the roll-back of passenger fair hike. Mittal and other top ministry officials had come to greet Joshi at his residence on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509591", "title": "Bounty of $100k on filmmaker: Minister", "text": "A federal minister in Pakistan on Saturday announced a bounty of $ 100,000 on the head of the maker of an anti- Islam film that has sparked violent protests. Ghulam Ahmed Bilour, who heads the railway ministry, said the reward would be given to the person who kills the filmmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16511363", "title": "\u2018Manage traffic or lose NOC\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Taking strict action against city malls that have failed to control the chaos in front of their buildings, traffic police issued them a letter on Saturday, warning them of cancelling their NOC if they did not take corrective measures soon. The malls that have received a warning include Omaxe , Silver Arc, Westend, Flames and MBD Neopolis.City traffic in charge Beant Juneja said, \"There are certain preconditions that are to be fulfilled for obtaining NOC from police. These include proper parking space for visitors' vehicles, apart from management of traffic around the mall. Residents are getting harassed and are facing inconvenience because of the absence of any such provisions at these malls. So, we have no option but to take this step.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509854", "title": "Riding coal wave, Nagpur co is adviser for Rs 1 lakh crore projects", "text": "NAGPUR: R Ramakrishnan was a reasonably known chartered accountant when he set up the a'XYKno Capital Services Ltd in 2006. That was also the year when 52 blocks were allocated by Union ministry of coal (MoC), followed by 51 in the next year. Suddenly, the company became an expert on coal and today boasts of a clientele of state-run corporations from Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Tamil Nadu and Gujarat.In one its presentations that TOI gleaned off the net, a'XYKno claims to have 'relationships' with 24 governments and 22 private companies. The co was the advising and implementing agency for 30 coal blocks with geological reserves of 8 billion tones. It also claims to handle projects aggregating to a mind-boggling Rs 1 lakh crore in a short span of six years. To put the amount in perspective, the coalgate scam as projected by CAG is Rs 1.86 lakh crore.The city-based a'XYKno came into the news when CAG estimated that the Chhattisgarh Mining Development Corporation (CMDC) had incurred a loss of Rs 1054 crore on a single coal block. According to CAG, the BJP MP Ajay Sancheti-run SMS Infrastructure Limited, another company headquartered in Nagpur, was the company that was favoured.Advice from a'XYKno saw loss-making state mining corporations making huge profits. In the process, the company too is estimated to have made a windfall.a'XYKno Capital Services Ltd has its sprawling office on the 3{+r}{+d} floor of an upscale Leela Vista building on Bajaj Nagar Square. Ramakrishnan set up the company along with his elder brother R Vishwanath Iyer. Interestingly, former IAS officer Dr Kamal Taori was one of the directors of a'XYKno.The exact year when Taori was director could not be ascertained. Taori is also a former member of planning commission and former director general of Council for Advancement of People's Action and Rural Technology (CAPART) which comes under the Union ministry of rural development. Taori's present status in a'XYKno could not be ascertained.Data from a'XYKno's website and information from state-owned companies reveal that it initiated the PPP model in the country in captive coal blocks sector. The company's expertise became so well-known that the Maharashtra State Mining Corporation (MSMC) engaged it in first securing blocks from the ministry of coal and then marketing it. Soon, SMC's of two BJP-ruled states - Madhya Pradesh State Mining Corporation (MPSMC) and Chhattisgarh Mining Development Corporation (CMDC) - too had engaged a'XYKno.Actually, the company advised SMCs to do what the coal ministry could and should have done, and what several private allottees have also done: simply sell the blocks with them to the highest bidder. SMCs then get an upfront amount which depends on the geological reserves. The private companies would then mine the coal and split revenues with SMCs. Left unsaid is the fact the money pocketed by SMCs, which were all loss-making because of their inefficiencies, and private allottees that sold their blocks could have come to central government coffers.MSMC made Rs 205 crore on the a'XYKno's model from just two blocks. It could have been double had on the four allocated blocks not fallen in the buffer area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve. Once coal production would begin, the SMCs would stand to gain a few hundred crores more. The MSMC had suddenly made profits enough to buy a Rs 17 crore commercial building to set up its office in the city.According to the a'XYKno model, private companies would have to execute all works like acquisition of land, clearances, overburden removal and coal excavation.a'XYKno was also engaged by a joint venture of MSMC and Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB), Chhattisgarh State Power Generation Company Ltd, and MPSMC's sixth block for auctioning. The financial model was same but with minor changes due to different nature in allocation.Ramakrishnan's company was then selected by the SMC of a third BJP-ruled state, Gujarat, for auctioning its one block. However, the process could not be completed due to the block coming in an environmental no-go zone. The firm moved to Jharkhand and Orissa too but could not achieve success there. Company sources insist some transactions are on the anvil in these states too.HEAD: Nothing to do with Sancheti controversy: RamakrishnanAnjaya AnparthiNagpur: Deflecting all controversies, R Ramakrishnan, the brain behind a'XYKno, says the city should be proud that the company has its head office in the city. \"I have nothing to do with the Ajay Sancheti controversy as my work was just to advise and complete the bidding process. It was the Chhattisgarh government's responsibility to select a bidder and enter into a joint venture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509039", "title": "Soon, norms to preserve energy in commercial bldgs", "text": "HYDERABAD: New commercial properties in the city will have to be 'Energy Conservation Building Code' (ECBC) compliant.Chief secretary Minnie Mathew had recently convened a special meeting with representatives of the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department, department of energy , New &amp; Renewable Energy Development Corporation of Andhra Pradesh Limited (NREDCAP), Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), Andhra Pradesh Central Power Distribution Company Limited (APCPDCL), Town and Country Planning Office and ECBC technical expert from IIIT and took a decision to implement ECBC.The Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI) prepared a roadmap for ECBC implementation in the state and gave a powerpoint presentation on it. \"The government has constituted a high-powered ECBC steering committee headed by principal secretary of the MA&UD; department to ensure that commercial properties in the city comply with the norms,\" ASCI's Centre for Energy, Environment, Urban Governance and Infrastructure Development director and convenor of the steering committee V Srinivasa Chary told STOI. Commercial properties connected to a load of 100 KW/120 KVA have to be ECBC complaint. The provisions of the code apply to building envelope (walls, roof and windows), equipment, heating, ventilating and air conditioning and lighting. ECBC has set minimum energy efficiency norms for a few components like building envelopes, lighting (indoor and outdoor), heating ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) system, solar water heating and electrical systems, he said.When contacted, GHMC additional commissioner K Dhanunjay Reddy said that the 'building code' came into force in 2007 in the country. Several states like Rajasthan, Karnataka, Uttarakhand , Odisha and Uttar Pradesh were already implementing ECBC norms. \"The Union government has targeted seven states namely AP, Haryana, MP, TN, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and WB for rolling out ECBC in 2012-13,\" he added. Within three months, the ECBC norms would come into force, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511545", "title": "\u2018My book will name the people who framed me\u2019", "text": "You were heading India's cryogenic project when you were arrested. How did the project suffer?S Nambi Narayanan: I have every reason to doubt that an external force has tried to destabilise our space programme. But I will not mention any particular country or agency, because I and my family have suffered enough. But if you look at the circumstances, countries like the US were dead against India signing a deal with Russia on the transfer of cryogenic technology. They would have lost a billion dollar business, as every country today wants to launch their own satellites into the geosynchronous orbit. When I was interrogated by the state police, they pressured me to put the blame on the Isro chairman. I did not succumb to pressure . Come to think of it, these are not isolated incidents. The mysterious deaths of eminent scientists like Vikram Sarabhai (his postmortem was not conducted ) and Homi Bhabha are classic examples.You are writing a book on the issue. Will it have details of what actually happened ?S Nambi Narayanan: Yes. In that book I will name those people who framed me for selfish motives , and the conspiracy to tarnish the image of Isro. The book will also speak about the generosity and kindness of some senior space scientists. My wife still has not completely recovered from the shock. There were moments when I thought I should end my life, but I knew if I did that I would die as a spy and the truth would be buried forever.You were a contemporary of Abdul Kalam and in many ways made a larger contribution in terms of developing liquid fuel ...I have great regard for Abdul Kalam. He was one amongst the few along with U R Rao, who came out in the open to say that I was innocent. But the scientific community was too stunned to react. Kalam, the pragmatic man he is, told me to leave everything to God. But I had decided to fight and clear my name from this fabricated case. I had spent my entire life for scientific research work. My mother died on a Saturday, yet, I was back to work on Monday.Do you regret that now?S Nambi Narayanan: I do regret that I did not spend time with my family and groom my children . The unscrupulous vernacular media gave me a grand title: Charan (spy). They did not check facts, but just printed the version handed out by the state police. The state police arrested me on the same day (November 30, 1994) when they recommended my case to be transferred to the CBI. The police did not even bother to raid my house before or after the arrest.What are your future plans?S Nambi Narayanan: I will see to it that the people who implicated me go behind bars and I am adequately compensated for the mental trauma. The government should probe into the case in detail and find out the real culprits. After passing out from Princeton University , where physicists like Albert Einstein worked, I was offered lucrative jobs in NASA and a US citizenship but I came back as I felt I should be part of the nascent space research programme in India. We started with just 26 people and now Isro has grown to 26,000 people. My book will speak about everything, including my glorious years, during which I had an opportunity to i n t e r a c t with eminent scie n t i s t s l i ke Vi k r a m S a r ab h a i , Satish Dhawan and U R Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509288", "title": "Post-Mantralaya fire, Maharashtra wants list of its land, offices", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has learnt a bitter lesson from the fire that ravaged the state secretariat building and forced it to beg for land from central agencies and corporate houses. Three months after the blaze, the state now wants every department to prepare an inventory of the land, offices and property it owns.Under the audit, offices in need of renovation or extension must also take stock of their requirements, assess the cost of alternative space needed for shifting temporarily and come up with a plan, senior officials said. \"Every district must prepare an inventory of the premium land available in its custody within its limits and in a 10-km radius. This drive must continue for the next six months,\" a circular issued by the revenue department said.The Mantralaya building has been decongested in the aftermath of the June 21 fire, which destroyed several offices in the iconic structure.Several departments were relocated to rented buildings close by, including the World Trade Centre. Other locations include office space in a building on the G T Hospital premises, the MTNL building near Cooperage grounds and the government-owned Bandhkam Bhavan near New Excelsior theatre.Firms that had set up offices on land leased by the state did not hesitate in asking for \"exorbitant\" rent from it. This angered state officials, with some suggesting that the land be seized.\"The existing norms make it mandatory for state departments to prepare such an inventory. However, many offices didn't do this. We hope this audit gets completed soon so that next time we don't have to look for alternatives in case of an emergency,\" an officer said. District authorities have to take into account every piece of land and building that has been reserved for use by the state, including public offices, courts, libraries, recreational centers, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16509986", "title": "Traders sore at government for stalling projects", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The decision of the state government calling for suspension of all the ongoing construction work on the 482 acres of land, sub-leased by Tata Steel to private parties, within 24 hours has drawn sharp criticism from the business community here.Representatives of the business class condemned the government's move saying that it has been taken in haste without considering the repercussions of such a move.\"It's unfortunate and uncalled for. The government should have opted for some wiser option to penalize the defaulters, if any, instead of taking such a hard step,\" said Suresh Sonthalia, the regional vice-president of the Jharkhand Federation of Chamber of Commerce and Industry(JFCCI).He also said that any step taken in a hurry will only jeopardize the development agenda of the Steel city and added that they will soon stage a protest against the government.\"Development activities up to the tune of over Rs 5000 crore will bear the brunt of the government's unwise decision,\" said Bharat Vasani of Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry.The East Singhbhum administration on Friday asked Tata Steel to stop all construction works in the sub-leased plots following a letter from the principal secretary, revenue and land reform, N N Pandey asking the local administration to stop the construction work in the sub-leased plots.\"This decision is beyond comprehension. It will bring the infrastructure and development activities to standstill. We have to respond to the government quickly,\" said president of the Jamshedpur Builders Association, K K Singh. The construction projects in the real estate sector up to the tune of Rs 1800 crore will be affected by the government's move, he said.On the basis of the inquiry report of the panel headed by development commissioner Debashish Gupta, which cited lack of transparency in the process of sub-leasing of plots and recommended cancellation of the plots, the land and revenue minister Mathura Mahato asked for cancellation of all the sub-leased plots.Subsequent to Mahato's move, the chief minister Arjun Munda called for fresh inquiry into the matter and asked to stop all the construction works on the sub-leased plot with immediate effect.\"If there is anything technically wrong on part of the establishment then it should be rectified or for that matter the officials who are involved in wrongdoings should be held accountable but you simply cannot ask all the lease holders to bear the brunt of the mischief of a few,\" said a functionary of the Jamshedpur Hoteliers Association.Apart from the multiplex and mall of filmmaker Prakash Jha which are still under construction, the upcoming residential colony and star hotel on Marine Drive, ongoing construction of Tata Blue Scope Company and expansion plan of XLRI, among 59 other building projects have been stopped.\"We are also conducting photography and videography of the under construction works,\" said a member of the district administration's panel on a visit to the 59 construction sites to stop the construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509651", "title": "Mandur villagers won't take garbage from Oct 1", "text": "BANGALORE: Beginning October 1, your garbage will have to be recycled or disposed of within your own ward. After Mavallipura landfill was shutdown last month, all landfills including the Mandur landfill will be shut down from October 1.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel on Saturday told the BBMP Council that Mandur villagers have taken objection to the city's garbage being dumped in their backyard.When TOI spoke to a few Mandur villagers, they confirmed their resolve on not to allow garbage dumping beyond October 1. \"We had given BBMP permission to dump the garbage in our village only for a month. If they do not stop the garbage dumping from October 1, we will protest. We will not bear the stinking waste any more,\" said Ramesh S, a villager from Mandur.It can be recalled that people at Mandur, Mavallipura and Terra Firma in Dobbaballapura had protested a month ago regarding the garbage issue. After the state government interfered in the case, BBMP started dumping garbage at Mandur.\"Two days ago, eight trucks that was carrying garbage to Mandur at night were pelted with stones,\" said Padmanabha Reddy, Kacharakanahalli corporator.WHAT'S THE ISSUEBBMP's ambitious segregation at source agenda comes into effect from October 1. With more than 170 wards not having a facility for dry waste collection and wet waste composting units, the waste segregation at source is not likely to be successful.The result: Bangalore might once again see 5,000 tonnes of garbage a day spread across the streets.Initially, two landfills at Mandur used to take in 900 tonnes of garbage. But after the garbage crisis started in Bangalore, the load that was meant to be sent to other landfills, was also being sent to Mandur, thus polluting the ecology of the village even further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16511259", "title": "Jaffna trade body seeks investments", "text": "MADURAI: The Jaffna Chamber of Commerce has appealed to entrepreneurs in the state to start their business ventures in the region, which will provide them development and employment opportunities. The members of Jaffna chamber made their representation to the 48-member Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI) delegation, which visited Sri Lanka in the first international passenger flight that operated between Madurai and Colombo.President of Jaffna Chamber of Commerce, R Jeyasekaran, who met the TNCCI members, asked them to start their business ventures in their region, torn with the civil war in the Island nation.Senior president of TNCCI, S Rethinavelu said that Jeyasekaran met the TNCCI members in Colombo and suggested them to invest in Jaffna, so that it will greatly help the region to come up. \"He told us that it will help Tamils in the region to get employment and also help in its development. It is a novel way of helping our Tamil brethren in Jaffna who are devastated by the ethnic war,\" he said over telephone from Colombo. \"We can consider the business ventures in industries like garments, plastic, rubber and food processing units in Jaffna,\" Rethinavelu mentioned.Further, Jeyasekaran also told the visiting delegation that all the products imported at present are unloaded in Colombo from where they are sent through road or rail to Jaffna region, thus inflating the costs of the products. He urged the delegates to consider shipping the products directly to Jaffna. \"Jeyasekaran invited us to visit the region to study the feasibilities. We assured him that we will discuss among our chamber members about the possible ventures in the region, as well as shipping the exports to Jaffna directly. We consider the appeal very valuable and we will look forward in materialising it,\" Rethinavelu added. TNCCI sources said that Tamils who settled down in Sri Lanka, engaged in trade and industrial activities in Colombo and other parts of Sri Lanka expressed their happiness over the inauguration of direct air service between Madurai and Colombo when they met the delegation during their visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16509866", "title": "TMC, Cong coalition intact in Malda", "text": "MALDA: While civic bodies in Siliguri and Asansol are feeling the tremors of the Trinamool Congress pulling out of the UPA-II government, Malda leaders are confident of continuing with the Trinamool-Congress alliance at the English Bazaar Municipality.It may be noted that Malda was the first to experiment with the 'mahajot' formula both in the Zilla Parishad and the municipality. In the rural polls of 2003 and 2008, Malda Zilla Parishad was formed by Congress and Trinamool. Even in English Bazaar, the Congress chairman was supported by Trinamool councillors.Krishnendu Choudhury, Congress MLA and chairman of English Bazaar Municipality said, \"We are not worried. The severing of ties between the Congress and the Trinamool at the state level will not affect our alliance. In the municipality at least, one third of the councillors will have to bring the no-confidence motion against the chairman. Even if the seven Trinamool councillors along with eight Left Front councillors bring such a motion, we are not scared. In that case, no new candidate can become the chairman unless the Trinamool and the CPM tie up. Is it possible?\" \"I have to abide by the party dictum,\" Choudhury was quick to add.Trinamool leader Dulal Sarkar, vice chairman of the municipality, said, \"We have not got any directive from the party yet. If we are asked to withdraw support, we will.\" But in that case, Trinamool will not be in the position to claim the post of the chairman nor will they support the Left Front, observed Sarkar.Minister and TMC district president Sabitri Mitra refused to comment on this issue till any direction from state TMC received.In the Zilla Parishad too, Congress sabhadipati Ujjwal Choudhury seemed confident. \"We are not worried. Let the sole Trinamool member withdraw his support. It will not affect the Zilla Parishad,\" said Ujjwal.Trinamool district president and minister Sabitri Mitra refused to comment on the issue.When the uncertainty loomed large over the TMC-Congress run civic boards at Siliguri or Asansol, Malda leaders seemed to be confident of running the alliance. It may be noted that Malda experimented first 'mahajote' formula in Zilla Parishad and Municipality to keep Left Front away from power back at the time of Ghani Khan Choudhury, former MP of Malda. Much before the alliance between Congress and TMC in 2011, two rural polls-in 2003 and 2008-- saw Malda Zilla Parishad formed by Congress and TMC. In the English Bazaar Municipality too the Congress Chairman was supported by the TMC councilors.However, with the recent divorce between Congress and TMC in state as well as union govt, questions rose on the future of the alliance in Malda. In EBM Congress has 10 councilors, with TMC 7 and Left Front 10. But Krishnendu Choudhury, Congress MLA cum Chairman of EBM sounded confident, \"We are not worried. The severance of ties between Congress and TMC in the state level will not affect our alliance. In the municipality at least one third of councilors will have to bring the no-confidence motion against the Chairman. Even if the 7 TMC councilors along with 8 Left Front councilors bring such motion, we are not scared. In that case no new candidate could be Chairman unless TMC and CPM tie up. Is it possible?\" however, he did not forget to add that, \"I have to abide by the party dictum.\"Similar tone was heard from TMC Vice Chairman of EBM Dulal Sarkar. \"We have not got any directive from the party yet. If we are asked to withdraw the support, we will.\" But in that case TMC will not be in the position of claiming the Chairman post, nor will they support Left Front, as observed by Sarkar. Minister and TMC district president Sabitri Mitra refused to comment on this issue till any direction from state TMC received.In Zilla Parishad too Congress Sabhadipati Ujjwal Choudhury seemed confident. \"We are not worried. Let the single TMC ZP member withdraw his support, it will not affect the Zilla Parishad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509573", "title": "Not as popular as David Guetta, but we manage", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore-based jazz vocalist Radha Thomas has an impressive resume: she began her career with representing India at European jazz festivals followed by performing in New York with greats such as John Scofield , Randy Brecker and David Liebman . Making a seamless transition, she trained in Indian classical music with Kumar Gandharva and subsequently with Ustad Farid Ud Din Dagar. In the midst of a tour promoting her new album 'I Only Have Eyes for You', Radha Thomas talks about being an independent musician and the city's music scene.* Tell us something about your new album...It was recorded over two weeks in Bangalore and is the culmination of an entire year's collaboration with pianist Aman Mahajan and several live performances with UNK: The Radha Thomas Ensemble. It's a pinch of straight-ahead jazz, tossed in a spoonful of blues and sprinkled with a generous helping of Indian music, seasoned with hip-hop, Latin music and rhythms from Africa.* Is there a common theme or musical flavour to the compositions?Not really. The common thread is the sound we've created for ourselves, a uniqueness specific to people who play the tunes. It's more like a weave than a thread, woven together by band members Aman Mahajan, Mishko M'Ba, Suresh Ascara, Ramjee Chandran, Matt Littlewood and, well, moi.* What's the story behind the band's name?I can't tell you what UNK means. It's not an acronym... and that's all I'm saying! No one knows what it means, not even the band members. They keep asking, but I won't tell. We've performed in Mumbai together. If you added up the cities and countries we've all played in individually, it's like criss-crossing the globe! I hope this band gets to go everywhere too.* Does jazz find love and acceptance in Bangalore and in India?Absolutely. I think audiences like it. Maybe not as much as David Guetta , but hey, I don't mind. I'm happy that anyone comes to listen at all. We've had great audiences, especially in Bangalore at venues such as B Flat that have spent time and energy promoting jazz. It's probably the best place for jazz in India.* As an independent artist, is Bangalore an encouraging place?Totally. I'm not looking to become rich... that's not going to happen. But it's very satisfying and gratifying to have people appreciate and repeatedly come to our performances. Maybe if more people listen to the album, suddenly it will become popular and the musicians can actually earn enough money from music alone.* Has the city's music scene changed in any way over the years?The audience is growing. Each city has a few clubs; Bangalore and Delhi seem to like jazz more than other cities. Goa is slowly picking up. It's all a question of supply and demand. Who knows about change? Your guess is as good as mine. Meanwhile, we do what we can since it brings us so much joy.* What's next for you and the band?We'll play in a few other cities after this tour and then I hope to dig into album number two, this time with completely original music. My other interests? I've just finished writing Book 1 in a trilogy called 'Men on my Mind'. It should hit the stores in a month or so.* Is it essential for a city with any cultural aspirations to be exposed to various forms of music?Why is breathing necessary? Music is essential to anyone's existence. In whatever form or avatar that appeals to that individual. There are so many forms of music... and every one must be heard. Our music is original and sincere, it's from the heart and straight into your soul... I hope!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509344", "title": "Tantrik arrested for raping maid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tantrik has been arrested for raping a woman in Neb Sarai few days ago. Siya Ram Dubey (43) is a resident of Dev li village and was nabbed from Sonepat, police said.The victim, along with her husband, had approached police on September 20, claiming that she had been raped by her employer Dubey. Her medical report had also confirmed that she was raped, the officer added. The victim worked as a domestic help at Dubey's house.On September 20, the woman was raped when she went to Dubey's house to cook, an officer said. Despite the threats, the woman told her husband about the incident and the complaint was filed. Dubey is married with four children. His family stays in in a village in Faizabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508783", "title": "Coalgate figures may not be accurate, hints Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Justice of India (CJI) S H Kapadia on Saturday joined the debate on the CAG's estimate of \"windfall gains\" for private players in the coal block allocation scam, suggesting such assessments may not be accurate.\"People should be educated on economics as well to understand that these irregularities should be understood from the point of loss, which was a matter of fact, and not from profit angle, which was a matter of opinion\", said the CJI, a remark which was lapped up by a government reeling under the charge that its failure to prevent coalgate helped private players fatten themselves by Rs 1.86 lakh crore.\"Valuation adopts very different criteria. If we understand these concepts properly, then we will know where the shoe pinches,\" the CJI added.The government led by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has questioned the comptroller and auditor general's estimate. The auditor has said that the government's failure to implement its own decision to auction coal blocks helped business houses walk away with the precious resources.As soon as the CJI finished speaking, the remark was circulated by the government's PR mandarins.The remark came a day after CAG Vinod Rai robustly defended his calculation before Parliament's Public Accounts Committee. Rai said that he would have failed in his duty he had not put a figure to the financial gains that, in auditor's estimate, accrued to private players.Justice Kapadia also welcomed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's decisions for economic reforms but said the efforts to pull the economy out of woods would be meaningless if the well-connected continued to grab an unfair share of economic benefits. In what he called his \"swan song\" before he retires, the CJI said, \"Our leaders must know that without rule of law, well connected people can grab an unfair share of the economic benefits which will affect inclusive growth.\"Delivering his address before the PM, the CJI said rule of law never impeded economic growth and it must go hand in hand with the decisions taken by the government to attract foreign direct investment to lift the damp sentiment in the market and the manufacturing sector. He said one of the single most important factors for economic growth was the respect of the government for the rule of law, which enforced minimum standards of fairness and helped in improving the governance of the country.He said an 8% GDP growth rate generated 12 million new jobs per year, but when the growth rate falls to 5.5% the employment generation dips to 8.25 million. \"India has a 30 million youth population needing 10 million new jobs every year. If the growth rate falls than unemployment will increase. That's where the investment comes to bridge the gap,\" he said. \"But be it domestic or foreign direct investment, I have always given importance to investment if it generates employment.\"But he also cautioned the PM about the flip side of the reforms. \"It should not be that 300 million prosper and 700 million suffer. That is why the need of the hour is the inclusive growth and economic democracy,\" the CJI said.Justice Kapadia said he was in awe of the vision of Constitution framers as they had prescribed that natural resources be allocated to serve greater common good. This, in the present context, could mean economic democracy, which in the past meant inclusive growth. \"In my view without this economic democracy political democracy would be imperiled,\" he warned.He said the FDI was welcome but Indian labour laws should not get Americanized, which happened in Australia leading to a huge problem. \"In India Americanization of labour laws would not happen as our laws are drive by the Constitution which has equity as the core principle,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511016", "title": "CBSE, ICSE schools under state fee determination committee", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Madras HC order that schools affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and Indian Certificate Secondary Education (ICSE) should be under the Tamil Nadu Fee Determination Act and collect fees accordingly has come as a big blow to city schools.Presently, the fees for private matriculation and state board schools are fixed by the state fee determination board. Till now, the CBSE and ICSE Schools argued that they were outside the purview of the board. But the high court order has put these schools under the fee determination committee as well.Though they were yet to go through the judgement, school correspondents said that they were apprehensive about the impact of the judgement. Bhuvana Anand, correspondent of Yuvabharathi Public School said, \"We hope that the judgement would not affect the running of schools. Every school has a different way of instruction. This should be taken into account.\"There are several schools with extra facilities like air conditioned classrooms and swimming pools. They will not be able to have such facilities if they are restricted in the collection of fees, correspondents say. \"We have huge playgrounds and modern electronic gadgets. All this has come due to a lot of investment. These expenses cannot be covered with the meagre fees fixed by the government,\" says the correspondent of a school who does not want to be named.At the same time, many parents welcome the judgement. R Manimohan, Chairman of the city based Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP) said that this judgement was long overdue. \"Many schools have taken up CBSE and ICSE syllabus just to be outside the purview of the State Fee Determination Committee,\" he says. The committee, after hearing the claims of schools regarding their expenses and costs, will decide the fees for each school. However, there have been allegations that schools were collecting more fees than what was fixed by the fee determination committee.Manimohan says that the schools' version that the functioning of schools will be affected is not correct. The Fee Determination Committee decides the fees for each school based on the claims and expenses presented to them. \"This will help to bring in proper procedures, bringing more clarity for all stakeholders,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509950", "title": "'Live events get better response than gallery exhibits'", "text": "She is too intense for someone her age. But 26-year-old Shweta Bhattad carries a world of wisdom within herself. A sculpture-artist who has studied at Maharaja Sayajirao Universtiy Vadodra and has won academic accolades, she uses her talent for taking up social causes. For her peers art may be a medium for expression. But Shweta uses it for drawing attention to socially relevant issues.She has been getting eyeballs for her recent initiative Faith II which involves a slew of live events to draw attention to social evils. Held at Ganga Jamuna area in Itwari and Kachipura, it involved writing on billboards and sitting inside a huge polythene bag to draw attention to the plight of sex workers and the callous discarding of female infants.In a chat with TOI she discusses the response that she has received so far and the shape her initiatives will take.Q. What gave you the idea of taking up project Faith?A. The concept had germinated during my previous works on child abuse and the live performance at the event 'Khoj' in New Delhi last year. This experience made me realize that I am good at designing an event and that live performances get a better response than art work exhibited in galleries. These performances have a better reach as footfalls in an art gallery are very limited when compared to those that at a public event.Q. What is the thought behind this concept?A. It is basically to make people think about social malaise. Events create a buzz around the malaise and trigger a thought process which can throw up ideas on how best to address these issues. Live events and art installations attract people in large numbers and set in motion the processes of change.Q. How many such issues have you identified?A. Initially I had thought of 25 subjects. But now I can think of another 25. I had thought of taking up one subject every fortnight but that's not happening. I need to feel very strongly about it otherwise the effort would look fake. I try to understand the gravity of the issue and think about ways in which it could be best depicted. My next events would be on environment and evils like poaching and threat that it poses to wild life.Q. How do you prepare yourself for it? The efforts that you take are risky too.A. I draw upon my personal experiences and all the knowledge that I have gathered on the issue through reading. I give it a deep thought as it is essential to feel committed towards the issue being portrayed. But from next event I am planning to increase the reach by moving from one to the next area. The intention is to change the visual and execution of the event each time.As for the risk factor my fears vanished when I did my first live event in Delhi which required me to be in water for two hours. Before an event I consult experts in the field. I am taking advice from adventure tourism expert Amol Kanthe as these events require some daring. I take advice from medical persons too about the feasibility of actions like sitting inside a plastic bag for long hours.Q. What has been the response to these events so far?A. There are problems of interpretation. The crowds interpret it in their own way. Live events are not very popular in the city. Many think that it's about product promotion. There are others who opine that I must be trying to create some record. I distribute concept notes at the venue as I am too involved in the act to know or pay attention to public reaction. But during the event for girl child I was told that a man whose wife had delivered their third daughter that day stopped by and said that he had bought just 1kg sweets but now he would buy 5 kgs.Q. Are you getting support from other quarters too?A. No. I don't want to involve any sponsors for these events as that would dilute the impact of the message and would not give me the freedom to execute the idea in my way.Q. What sort of social change would you like to see through these initiatives?A. The big moment would be when people would react and work to bring about a change. Like the father of three daughters who said he would distribute more sweets. I would also like more youth organizations to come along with me in this endeavour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16515288", "title": "South-west monsoon weak in Karnataka.", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was fairly wide spread in one district; isolated in three districts; and negligible in 26 districts in Karnataka in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. South-west monsoon was normal in one district; and weak in 29 districts during this period. Rather heavy rain was recorded in one district; moderate rain in two districts; light rain in one district; very light rain in 12 districts; no rain in 14 districts.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above 24-hours is considered as isolated since four per cent of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than equal to 2.5mm. Halburga in Bhalki taluk in Bidar district recorded maximum rainfall of 49mm in this period in the state. F airly widespread, rather heavy rain was received in Bidar; isolated, light to moderate rain received in Gulbarga and Kolar, Bangalore based KSNDCM stated.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 23 has recorded deficit rainfall of 25%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 791mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 591mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 23, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0.4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 6mm, a deficit of 93%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509385", "title": "Bandh in Sikar village over thrashing of teacher", "text": "JAIPUR: A bandh was observed in Dataramgarh village in Sikar district on Saturday against the alleged thrashing of a school teacher by a few persons. The teacher was allegedly beaten up by the director of the school and a few others for showing vulgur video clips to a few girl students.The teacher, Dharmendra Singh Rathore, was teaching at Nityanand Senior Secondary school, Dataramgarh. On September 14, he had allegedly entered a girls' hostel and showed vulgar video clips to students of classes IV and V on his cell phone. Later, the girls informed their parents about it, who lodged a case against him on Friday evening, police said.\"Based on the complaint lodged by girls' parents, we have lodged an FIR under Section 293 (sell, distribute, exhibit or circulate obscene object to any person under the age of 20 years) and Section 354 (outraging the modesty) of IPC against the teacher,\" said Ishwar Singh, circle inspector, Dataramgarh police station, on Saturday.He said the teacher's father has also lodged a counter FIR against the director of the school Richpal Jakhar and five unidentified people for allegedly thrashing him and trying to burn his private parts.According to the police, the teacher is admitted to the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital in Jaipur and a team of Sikar police will visit Jaipur to record his statements.\"His father alleged that he was thrashed by the director of the school and unidentified persons who even attempted to burn his private parts. I am yet to record his statements to find out the truth,\" Singh added.However, police said the local leaders are giving the incident a caste colour for their vested interests and are projecting it as a Jaat v/s Rajput conflict.Workers of Sri Rajput Karni Sena from Jaipur also participated in the bandh.\"We have separate FIRs in the case, against the teacher for allegedly showing vulgar clips to minor girls and against the people who allegedly thrashed the teacher,\" said Gauarav Srivastav, SP, Sikar.Meanwhile, on Saturday the traders observed a bandh amid a heavy security. \"Extra force was deployed in the area to maintain law and order. No untoward incident was reported,\" Srivastav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509009", "title": "Monsoon session washed out", "text": "HYDERABAD: Marred by disruptions and adjournments, the five-day monsoon session of the Assembly was adjourned sine die on Saturday even without the House debating any of the listed items including power crisis, fee reimbursement, farmers' problems, and children deaths in government hospitals. And touching its nadir in the legislative history, the House could be in session for just 250 minutes during the five-day period.Even as the TDP members staged a sit-in on the Assembly premises on Saturday in protest against the adjournment of the House without a single 'burning issue' being debated, the party chief and leader of the opposition N Chandrababu Naidu said he was ashamed to be a member of the current Assembly. \"Considering the way the House was conducted, it hurts. It's not just about the anti-democratic attitude of the government in scuttling the debate. The fact is that the people have lost trust in the House,\" he lamented.The TDP members charged the Congress with joining hands with the TRS and creating a ruckus in the House by demanding the adoption of a resolution on Telangana. \"The Congress and TRS apparently had a tacit understanding. While the TRS members were creating pandemonium, the Congress took shelter under Telangana and did not allow the House to function. Despite our persistent pleas, the debate on power crisis and fee reimbursement issues was not taken up,\" said TDP member Ravula Chandrashekara Reddy.An exasperated TDP member P Keshav waved a rope at the ruling members in the House and suggested that the state government must be hanged. \"We pleaded that the House be in order at least for an hour so that we could have discussed people oriented issues, but they did not allow that to happen. We hang our heads in shame at the same time, I suggest the government must be hanged,\" said Keshav.However, the TRS blamed the TDP for not supporting the Telangana cause. \"In the Business Advisory Committee (BAC) meeting, they had agreed for a debate on Telangana, however, they didn't open their mouth in the House leaving us to fight on our own. We just demanded that the House adopt a resolution on Telangana, and then we could have debated on power issue. Now, they put the blame on us for stalling the House proceedings. In fact, it was a match-fixing between the Congress and TDP,\" said Etela Rajender, floor leader of TRS.Members of YSR Congress observed a black day in the House to protest against the government not allowing debate on any major issues and persistent adjournments. \"Out of five days, the House was not allowed to function even for five minutes. The government owes an explanation,\" said YSRCP MLA Bhuma Karunakara Reddy.The House that witnessed a total of 17 adjournments as the opposition parties, including TRS, which pressed for a resolution on Telangana, and TDP's demand for an adjournment motion on power crisis, stalled the proceedings. The House could assemble for just 250 minutes in five days. The members were allowed to speak on condolence motion adopted on Friday when Gandhian Konda Lakshman Bapuji passed way, which lasted for 110 minutes. The condolence motion adopted on other former members, who passed away this year, took another 13 minutes. Although the Speaker allowed a debate on Telangana on Tuesday, the discussion lasted for 30 minutes before the House was adjourned following a din kicked off by the remarks of Loksatta member Jayaprakash Narayan on the negative impact of 'Sakala Janula Samme' on jobs in Hyderabad. Rest of the time was consumed by the Speaker persuading the opposition members, who stormed the podium, to go back to their seats, but in vain.Amidst the din, three bills - The AP Education (Amendment) Bill- 2012, The Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (Amendment) Bill- 2012, and The AP Municipal Corporations (Amendment) Bill- 2012- were introduced on Thursday. Papers including one on AP Mineral Development Corporation were deemed to have been tabled and two reports including one by Committee on Public accounts was deemed to have been presented. At an estimated cost of Rs 2470 per minute for conducting the House, TDP MLA Linga Reddy condemned the government for wasting public money.Justifying the brief session, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said the session was restricted to five days on account of Ganesha Nimajjan slated for September 29 and CoP-11, scheduled to be held from October 1 to 19. He said a session would be called in December, while a special session is already earmarked for SC/ST sub-plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi/nagpur", "code": "16510256", "title": "FIR against Mukesh Gupta, wife after CBI raids in Nagpur", "text": "NEW DELHI/NAGPUR: After the Jayaswals and Dardas, it was the turn of another Nagpur-based company to have an FIR registered against them by the CBI.The agency on Thursday raided the premises of Grace Industries promoted by Mukesh Gupta, a prominent businessman from the city, and an FIR was lodged against him as well his wife Seema. Officers of coal and steel ministries have also come under scanner in this case. The CBI has found that the steel ministry officials had recommended Grace's name for the coal block it was allocated.The East Lohara coal block in Chandrapur district was allotted to Grace jointly with Murli Industries , which has a cement plant in the same district, on June 2008 but was taken back two years later due to non-progress.However, the promoters, who are now charged of misrepresenting the facts for securing the coal block, within a year of allocation sold their entire stake in Grace Industries to Sanvijay Group, another city-based business firm, and made a net profit of Rs 20 crore. Market sources speak of Rs 144 crore having changed hands in the deal. Offloading the stake in the company which was allotted a coal block was a typical strategy of other businessmen in the city too, who have profited heavily from such deals.Grace Industries reportedly gave a presentation to the screening committee on September 7, 2006 claiming that the net-worth of their joint-venture group companies was Rs 120 crore. This was a wrong claim as the net-worth of Grace alone stands only Rs 3.3 crore while the net-worth of its joint venture company - Gupta Domestic Fuel - along with it would stand at Rs 11.48 crore.\"They also misrepresented their production capacity in front of the screening committee. The JV had to set-up a sponge iron plant and they showed their production capacity 1.20 lakh Tonnes Per Annum (TPA), while it was actually only 60,000 TPA,\" said a CBI officer.Grace's deal with Sanvijay was however not so smooth as the block was de-allocated eventually. Sanvijay sued the former for the losses and now the case is finally under arbitration. Sources say the block could not be developed as a large part came under the Taloba Andhari Tiger Reserve and hence could not get the relevant clearances.The CBI team covered seven premises in Nagpur, which included Mukhesh Gupta's office and residence at Dhantoli, as well as Sanvijay Group's factory and office on Ghat Road. Premises of Gupta Domestic Fuel, the joint venture company of Grace Industries at Khamla, too were raided.The sleuths also visited the premises of Padmesh Gupta, Mukesh's brother who heads the Gupta Coal Group. However, Padmesh told TOI that his company was not covered in the raid as the sleuths had only come to collect a couple of files kept in his office.\"I was a mediator in the dispute between Sanvijay and Grace and the documents related to it were in my office which the CBI officers had wanted,\" he told TOI.Mukesh Gupta however refused to comment citing a personal engagement. There were rumours of the CBI raiding Gupta Metallics owned by the third of the Gupta brothers, Mahesh. But the company officials denied it.The second company booked by CBI is Vikash Metal and Power Limited for allegedly misrepresenting allocation of land for its power project in Begusarai in Bihar.The company had reportedly applied for coal block and claimed in their presentation before screening committee in 2008 that Bihar Area Development Authority has allocated 300 acres of land. A CBI officer said, \"They had been allocated land but this allocation was cancelled long before they applied for a coal block, so this was a wrong claim made by them to show that they were going to set up a plant.\"Vikash allocated Moira Madhujore (North and South) coal block in the year 2009. The agency has booked the company Vikash Metal and Power its directors - Vimal Patni, Vikash Patni, Anand Patni, Virender Kumar Jain, Kailash Chander Jain and Vijay Kumar Jain besides Anand Mallick who is authorized signatory for the company along with other unknown others.They have been charged under criminal conspiracy and cheating only as CBI has not found connivance of any government servants in their case. \"We also did not find any inflation in their net-worth,\" said an officer.Earlier this month, CBI had registered five cases this month in Coalgate Scam. The cases were registered against AMR Iron &amp; Steel Private Ltd, JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd (Dardas and Jayaswals), Navbharat Power Private Limited, Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd and JAS Infrastructure Capital Private Ltd. Nagpur based Jayaswal brothers are being presently questioned by CBI in those cases while MP Vijay Darda and former minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia will also be called for questioning soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510956", "title": "SPIC-MACAY organizes Chhau dance at AISECT University", "text": "BHOPAL: Under the aegis of SPIC-MACAY, Chhau dance was performed at the AISECT University here. Performing the Chhau dance, artists from West Bengal presented 'Ravana Vadh'. Earlier, students were told about the Chhau dance. The performers, on the occasion, also addressed the gathering and explained the details about the dance and its intricacies to audience. AISECT University's V-C, Prof V K Verma and other dignitaries were present.Ganesh festival: RKDF institute of Science and Technology (RKDFIST) hostel students celebrated Ganesh festival at the college premises. Both hostellers and day scholars along with faculty members installed an idol of Lord Ganesha and distributed modaks in college campus. Managing director, RKDF, G D Singh and director K K Puranik lighted the lamp to mark the beginning of the festival at the college.Workshop: Radharaman College of Pharmacy will organise a workshop on equipment being used in medical laboratories and testing techniques on September 27. The theme of the workshop will be 'working principle of UV, VIS, FT-IR and GC'. According to director of the college, Dr Papiya Bigoniya, faculty and students of various pharmacy colleges will participate in the workshop.New batch orientation: Orientation programme for the new batch of MBA and pharmacy was organised at the IES College. Addressing the gathering, director, Microsoft, Phani Kondepudi said orientation programmes help students acclimatize with the new environment after completing schools. \"Along with the studies, students should also concentrate on development their personality,\" Kondepudi said. IES, director, Prof Sunita Singh said experts from TCS and BHEL will come in the next orientation programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509060", "title": "Nehru-Outer Ring Road toll effective from Monday night", "text": "HYDERABAD: Commuters travelling on the Nehru-Outer Ring Road (ORR) will have to pay toll from September 24 midnight. On entering the access-controlled expressway, citizens have to collect a token at the nearest toll booth, provided at 12 interchange points between Pedda Amberpet-Shamshabad, Narsingi-Patancheru and Gachibowli-Shamshabad stretches, and pay the toll at exit. However, service roads will be toll-free.For instance, if you are driving a car (light motor vehicle) and plan to take the ORR stretch from Gachibowli to Shamshabad or Rajendranagar to Shamshabad, you will have to pay Rs 10 as user fee. Likewise, the toll will be Rs 30 between Pedda Amberpet and Shamshabad or Nanakramguda and Shamshabad.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) on Saturday announced that toll would be collected from motorists commuting on the eight-lane carriageway. Toll plazas would be located at Pedda Amberpet, Bongulur, Raviryal, Thukkuguda, Pedda Golconda, Shamshabad, Rajendranagar, APPA, Kokapet, Nanakramguda, Edulanagulapally and Patancheru.The HMDA said toll was based on the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) rates rounded up to the nearest Rs 10 and toll rates would be displayed prominently near all interchanges. The fee for cars/jeeps/vans/light motor vehicles (LMV) would be 65 paise/per kilometre, LCV and mini buses Rs 1.05, buses/two-axle trucks Rs 2.20, three-axle commercial vehicles Rs 2.40, heavy vehicles and 4, 5 and 6 axle trucks Rs 3.45 and oversized vehicles (seven or more axles) toll would be Rs 4.20.The collection of toll has been entrusted to PK Hospitality Services Pvt Ltd, which would pay Rs 1.26 crore per month to the Hyderabad Growth Corridor Limited (HGCL), a joint venture between HMDA and Infrastructure Corporation of Andhra Pradesh, which is overseeing construction of the ORR project.HMDA officials said the processing time for collecting user fee at toll booths should not exceed 30 seconds and the agency was permitted to close lanes at times without affecting processing times during off peak hours.Meanwhile, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department on Saturday issued a GO on Nehru-Outer Ring Road, Hyderabad (Toll) Rules, 2012.As per rules, HGCL could revise the user fee every year. The rates would be hiked by 3% annually and the increased rate would become the base rate for subsequent years.The revision of rates would be effected from April 1 every year. That means the HGCL could revise the toll after six months i.e., from April 1, 2013. The agency collecting user fee should keep records of all complaints received directly or indirectly and reply to each of them and forward a copy to HGCL, as per rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16510695", "title": "Ansari blames media for negative branding", "text": "TRICHY: Thamim Ansari, the man from Thanjavur whom the police suspect to have had links with Pakistan's espionage agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), has expressed regret over being branded a terrorist. \"The media has made me a terrorist overnight,\" he told TOI while being handed over to the court after the 24-hour police custody ended.Minutes before he was handed over to judge, S Kirubakaran Mathuram by the Trichy 'Q' branch CID on Friday, Thamim claimed he was framed by the police for coming into contact with Shaji, the importer of his vegetables in Sri Lanka. Thamim alleged that Shaji owed him Rs 27 lakh in business dealings. \"I have visited Sri Lanka five times so far, and I might have brushed shoulders with the wrong people during luncheon meetings,\" he said, when asked if he had come into contact with any terrorist in Sri Lanka. \"How do I know, if someone is a terrorist or not? All I wanted was my dues from my business partners and I had to undertake several trips to claim them,\" he said.Thamim also made it clear that he was arrested on September 16 at Trichy airport minutes before he was to board a flight to Colombo. \"At the time of my arrest, all the evidence I had with me was my mobile phone and travel bag,\" he clarified. Asked why there was no anger and uprising in favour of him either from the Students Federation of India, or from the CPM with whom he was once associated, he said, \"Wait, the truth will come out.\"In the FIR, police stated that Thamim was picked up from a bus stop near TVS Tollgate. He was allegedly in possession of a lot of evidence that could have proved espionage for the ISI. This later led to Thamim's lawyer, Kennedy crying foul that the police was dramatizing the case.Police have been watching over Thamim for well over eight months and they feel have captured a potential threat to the security of the country. Police also intercepted telephone conversations Thamim had with his associates over the last six months and his own corroborations would now form the foundation of a future chargesheet. At this point, Thamim has been booked under Sections 3, 4, and 9 of the Officials Secrets Act and Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC.The police did not disclose where Thamim was taken to for the Friday-Saturday interrogation. However, during the 24-hour court-granted police custody, \"they treated me in a friendly manner,\" Thamim said.Interestingly, Thamim does not vouch for Shaji, his business associate in Sri Lanka and conceded that the latter might be whoever he was interpreted to be. As for the pictures of important strategic locations found in his possession, he said, \"I am a member of the Tamil Nadu Science Forum (TNSF) and took to photography as a hobby. I do have ambitions to make a feature film. I had taken pictures of Ooty when I had gone to potato farms as an exporter of potato and onions. I have never visited Visakhapatnam and Mallippattinam naval base is close to my home in Thanjavur,\" Thamim said.Meanwhile, Kennedy on Saturday presented an application to the judge at the court of JM-II that he was not allowed to meet his client, nor was he intimated about the whereabouts during the one-day police custody. He also complained that the police had made inquiries at his own residence and asked his family members a number of questions which, he said, had no relevance to the case.Meanwhile, police remained tight-lipped about Ansari's claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16514999", "title": "Angioplasty procedures up by 30% in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "Lucknow: Over 4500 lifesaving angioplasty procedures and almost 2000 lifesaving pacemaker implantations have been performed in 2011-2012 in the state of UP. The number of these procedures has increased by almost 30% over the last year. The maximum number of procedures in the state is performed by doctors from SGPGIMS and KGMU (Lari Heart Centre), Lucknow.The information was revealed at the 3rd Mid-Term Intervention Cardiology meeting of the UP Chapter of the Cardiological Society of India ( UPCSI). Cardiologists participating in the event said that there was an urgent need to spread awareness against factors responsible for cardiac ailments. They said that lifestyle modification and correct diet were the only way to save the young from falling prey to cardiac disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509787", "title": "Stay-at-home brides rule marriage market", "text": "PUNE: Men looking to wed want stay-at-home wives. Till recently, families scouting for brides, preferred working women, but match-makers have now spotted a distinct preference for those who will look after home and hearth.Anita Moolchandani, who runs a marriage bureau in the city, attributes it to work hours becoming more hectic leaving little space for family. \"Most people prefer a marriage wherein there is a division of labour. One person looks after the household income, while the other takes care of the family. Arranged marriages are on the rise,\" she said.A recent research by a matrimonial portal found that the demand for homemakers has gone up by as much as 15% over the last one year. Teachers are in demand when it comes to bride-hunting because of their work timings, enabling a perfect work-life balance. But, families do not want grooms who are teachers.Techie Ritibrata Chatterjee said he lives alone and wants a stay-at-home wife. \"Most of the time due to my erratic work timings, I forget to clear routine bills. If there is someone who can manage these things, then it would be perfect. There would be scope of very little confusion. Also, as a couple, we would get more time together, \" he added.\"People prefer a stay-at-home wife for a lot many reasons - the most important being - looking after aged parents or children. In fact, we often come across would-be grooms who are determined that they do not want working partners as they have an ailing parent who needs attention,\" said Moolchandani.Rohit Manghnani, business head of the portal, said, \"Changing demographics of white-collared professionals is reflected in the preferences. A large number of men from small towns in India have taken up software development and have moved to cities. For them, the family network for arranged marriages is not there and therefore a disproportionately large number log on to matrimony sites. High numbers and a stable income account for higher contacts made. Grooms these days are looking for a more settled and peaceful family oriented life which is why their preferences are towards non-working women or teachers.\"Raghav K Inamdar, a partner in another city-based marriage bureau, said, \"Today the marriage market has become volatile. Rising divorce cases have made people more cautious. Earlier, it was given that the woman would be staying at home, and the man would be earning. Then came the stage when women became more independent, and suddenly a homemaker felt ashamed of her stay-at-home status. In addition, an added income always helped the family live better.\"But now, he said, people have more money to spend and there is no need for both the partners to work. Moreover, the word 'homemaker' is not looked down upon anymore, he added.Saurabh R Khandekar, who practices at a prominent city hospital, said someone needs to supervise the endless work at home too. \"With the work divided, it will lead to a better way of life. Things would be less chaotic and the house can function smoothly.\"Many do not want would-be wives who work in the graveyard shift. Inamdar said those in late-night working hours or shifts like BPO jobs or those in the media, or frequent travel like marketing jobs are not in favour when men go bride-hunting.Moolchandani says, \"In the case of grooms, unlike earlier, government service is the least sought after. Very few people today want a groom with a government job. Most look for good academic background, decent family and a well-paying, secure job. It is an added advantage if the boy is settled abroad or travels abroad frequently.\"Sonali Pramanik, who has been running a marriage bureau for non-resident Indians, said men settled abroad look for brides from their native cities. \"This facilitates meetings between the families. Also, the demand is largely for homemakers. Very rarely do people settled abroad want a career-oriented partner. But, they insist on a highly qualified person.\"Pramanik said parents of such grooms want a partner for their sons who can \"care for them in a foreign land\". But, the person should be qualified to handle the ways of the West, she added.While it certainly is good news, some stay-at-home wives have to suffer uncomfortable questions from women who ably manage a career-family balance. Homemaker Rachita Singha said many of her working friends , are surprised that she stays at home. \"They feel I have squandered away my career by bringing up children and looking after in-laws. At times, I'm also filled with doubts. What if I want a job some day - when the children grow up. Will I be able to get one? Will I be able to find an identity outside my marriage?\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16509869", "title": "Locals stall widening of NH-34 over compensation", "text": "BARASAT: Members of Bhumi-O-Byabsha Raksha Committee and local residents of Amdanga launched a movement on Saturday against widening of NH-34 by uprooting the demarcation pillars in front of policemen and putting up a road blockade later in the day. They alleged the concerned authority ignored their pleas to finalize compensation package for the landlosers and tried to implement the project forcibly.Officials of the highway authority started to widen the highway from Santoshpur to Adhata around 9am under heavy police protection. They had already installed some pillars at both side of the road when members of the committee and locals came to the spot and demanded compensation package for the landlosers.When the officials turned down their demand and continued with the work, the agitators prevented the workers from installing pillars and put up a road block for about one-and-a-half hours. They also uprooted all the pillars that were installed at Santoshpur area.A large contingent of police led by senior police officials rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. The road block was lifted around 1pm after the senior police officials assured the agitators to look into the matter.\"We had earlier appealed to the authority several times for finalization of compensation package for the landlosers before the work begins, but they did not pay any heed to our request and tried to implement the project forcibly. We will never allow them to widen NH-34 till the package is declared officially,\" said Subrata Ghosh, secretary of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509310", "title": "Museum to host exhibition exploring Mumbai's textile tales", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dr Bhau Daji Lad Museum (BDLM) at Byculla has devised an exhibition titled 'Social Fabric', which explores the impact on local communities of the global textile trade and the movement of fabric across continents, focusing on the city of Mumbai and the rise and fall of its textile industry. The exhibition is on from September 23 to November 11.'Social Fabric' features artwork by Sudhir Patwardhan, Archana Hande, German artist Alice Creischer and UK-based artist Celine Condorelli. It includes archives of oral testimonies, 19th century mill labels, advertisements and other related material that draw out the invisible linkages and impact of the global textile trade. It paints a poignant picture of an enduring legacy with erstwhile Girangaon, only a few minutes away from the museum. The exhibition's organizers say it is a must-see for people interested in Mumbai's history.'Social Fabric' is organized in collaboration with the Institute of International Visual Arts (Iniva), London. It is curated by Grant Watson, senior curator and research associate, Iniva, and Tasneem Zakaria Mehta, managing trustee and honorary director, BDLM. It is supported by the Goethe Institut, Max Mueller Bhavan.'Social Fabric' uses textiles to explore labour, capital, colonialism, radical politics and international trade. The exhibition refers to Karl Marx's account of boom and bust in the industry and its effects on workers in Britain and India. The 'Collections of the Textile Manufacturers of India' by Dr Forbes Watson from the museum collection will also be exhibited.Saturday's preview saw a panel discussion with curator Grant Watson, artists Alice Creischer, Archana Hande and Sudhir Patwardhan, moderated by Girish Shahane. The museum has organized several workshops for schoolchildren based on the exhibition.Visitors can take a guided tour of 'Social Fabric' every Sunday from September 23 to October 28. Special tours for college students can be organized by appointment. In collaboration with Goethe Institut, Max Mueller Bhavan, the museum will host film screenings, performances and talks throughout the time the exhibition is in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16509607", "title": "Fresh anti-film protests in Pak; 200 held", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities have arrested nearly 200 people on charges of involvement in violent protests against an anti-Islam film even as businesses on Saturday counted the cost of a countrywide shutdown and widespread destruction during the demonstrations.Fresh protests were also held on Saturday in Islamabad and Lahore. Islamabad police chief Bin Yamin Khan said 62 people were arrested in connection with Friday's protests. He said about 60,000 had participated in protests.In Lahore , an anti-terrorism court remanded 36 people to police custody for a fortnight after they were arrested during the protests.Another anti-terrorism court in Karachi, which witnessed more violence than other cities, remanded some 100 people to police custody.As life limped back to normal in cities and towns that were rocked by violence, unnamed economic analysts were quoted by The Express Tribune as saying that the shutdown due to the holiday declared by the government on Saturday could have cost Pakistan Rs 76 billion. The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry estimated that the shutdown of industrial zones in financial hub alone cost the economy almost Rs14 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509049", "title": "Netas slam Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's consultants over \u2018losses &amp; delays\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Corporators have slammed the consultants appointed by the BMC after the Gorai dumping ground carbon credits fiasco came to light.The consultant's overestimation of generation of carbon credits during the dumping ground's closure project has translated into a Rs 15-crore loss. Experts say this is not the first time that consultants have goofed up with civic projects.The civic body has been relying heavily on private consultants from making a project design and estimating the plan cost. The civic engineers only oversee the projects and get the permissions, sources said.Consultants also play a major role in planning stormwater drains and projects related to water supply, solid waste management and roads. However, there have been several instances when the civic body shells out more money due to a consultant's \"faulty planning\", claimed sources.Defending their performance, consultants claim the BMC gives them \"flawed\" information on the basis project details are chalked out; and they alone cannot be blamed for any goof-up.A case in point is the Love Grove pumping station. Apart from the project delay, its cost went up by Rs 10 crore after the pumping station's site had to be changed after the consultant failed to spot an old road bridge that would obstruct the flow of water to be pumped out.\"The idea of appointing a consultant is to make sure that you execute the project perfectly, but if these consultants are going to cause confusion and losses then their services should be stopped,\" said standing committee member Rais Shaikh. Opposition leader Dnyanraj Nikam said, \"Consultants are hand in glove with top civic officials. They are being favoured in many projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16511265", "title": "4 vegetable vendors die in accident", "text": "TRICHY: Four vegetable vendors, who were returning to their base after doing their purchases in Trichy were fatally killed as their mini van hit a roadside tamarind tree near Thuraiyur early on Saturday morning.The fruit and vegetable vendors hailed from Athur in Salem district. They usually come to Trichy's Gandhi market to do their bidding during the weekly auction. As usual, six of them came to Trichy and were returning in the loaded vehicle after purchasing their commodities at dawn. As the van was nearing Pulivalam, it hit a tree while steering clear of an auto ahead, said Mannachanallur inspector Sahaya Anbarasu, who visited the spot to clear the bodies for postmortem.Three of them - Poongodi, 35, Mariammal, 50 and Venkatesh, 35 - were killed on the spot. Angamuthu died soon after admission to the Trichy government hospital. Another vendor, Marimuthu, 27 and the van driver Murugesan, 30 are undergoing treatment in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16513611", "title": "State govt promotes controversial IPS officer Bipin Bihari", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has promoted controversial IPS officer Bipin Bihari as special inspector general (IG)Bihari had served a one and half year suspension and faced a departmental probe over his alleged involvement in the infamous frame-up case involving builder Rajendra Chaturvedi.While the state government reinstated him in 2010, the proposal to elevate him to the special IGs post which had been recommended by a screening committee in 2007 was not considered. Bihari challenged this in the central administrative tribunal, which ruled in its favour.CM Chavan recently approved his promotion proposal. He has been posted as special IG, Amravati division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16510700", "title": "15-year-old from Madurai wins gold medal in shooting", "text": "MADURAI: A 15-year-old boy from Madurai has won three gold medals in 'Gun for Glory' shooting competition at Pune from September 15 to 19. P Ajaey Nithish studying in 10th standard at SDH Jain Vidyalaya won these medals at the sub-junior, junior and senior categories in the competitions held at the national level. The Gun for Glory tournament is organised by Olympic medallist Gagan Narang through his Gagan Narang Sports Promotion Foundation.Madurai Rifle Club, where the boy is a member, expressed joy over his achievement calling it another feather in their cap. Last year, another player of the club, B Mithelesh (12) won a bronze medal in the same event. He has been selected to participate in the selection trials for the national team.Rifle Club sources said six players from the club participated in the event and Ajaey won gold medal in sub-junior category which is his original one. However, he opted to play in the junior and senior categories in open category and won gold medals in those categories as well. Club secretary S V S S Velshankar said Ajaey participated in .177 Beep Site Air-rifle event and he will be eligible to participate in the national level competitions with his recent victory. \"He has been a member of our club for the last two years and the boy is coming up very well. We are very proud of him and we expect he will come out with flying colours in national-level competitions as well,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514532", "title": "Tom Hanks related to President Abraham Lincoln", "text": "Tom Hanks is related to one of America's most famous presidents, Abraham Lincoln, it has been revealed.The Oscar-winning actor is the third cousin, four generations removed, of the assassinated leader through the president's mother, Nancy Hanks .Lincoln's great-great-grand-father was John Hanks, who was also Tom's great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather.Details of the genealogical link were revealed by Hanks, 56, as it was announced he will narrate a film called Killing Lincoln.\"It's odd to say the killing of Abraham Lincoln is an unknown story but it may as well be,\" the Daily Express quoted him as saying.\"The depth of the intrigue, the breadth of the conspiracy and the bare-naked exposure of human nature is so timeless, it's a wonder how that seminal tragedy in our history could ever be explained in a few sentences: 'Ford's Theater...John Wilkes Booth, etc'.\"Hanks has known since he was a child that he was related to Lincoln.He does not boast about his lineage but did once say: \"I'm related to Abraham Lincoln and the members of my branch of the family are either cousins or in-laws or poor relations.\"So when I was at school, guess which president I was always doing essays on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16510082", "title": "Chennai: Schools not happy with fee structure fixed by panel", "text": "CHENNAI: The government-appointed fee determination committee has come out with a fee structure for some matriculation and CBSE schools in the state for the next three years.The committee, under the chairmanship of Justice S R Singaravelu, has kick-started the process of drawing up the fee structure for academic years 2012 to 2015 by unveiling the fee structure for 85 CBSE and matriculation schools. The first fee structure, drawn up by the Justice K Govindarajan committee, will be valid till the end of the current academic year.The initiative is expected to help schools plan expenses and educational initiatives in advance, but some are confused. \"The fee structure seems to have been drawn up based on the management's responses to the questionnaire handed out in 2009. Those are old details. There are a lot of new expenses under various other heads. We don't know if the committee has accounted for any of that,\" said the head of a private school.He said he was expecting a revision in the fee structure, but had received \"this shocker\". Some schools expressed disappointment over the \"insignificant\" hike in fees for each consecutive year, that varied between 200 and 1,000. Schools said the usual hike was 12.5-15%.Schools said just electricity charges had shot through the roof, while teachers' demand for salary hike had also to be met.Other schools are at a loss about how to apply for a fee structure revision for next year. They said they had not received any communication from the school education department regarding a fresh application or whether they would be called upon to fill out a new questionnaire.\"We have decided to apply with fresh documents if we receive no communication from the fee committee or the school education department by the end of this academic year. The later we submit the application the easier it will be to justify expenses based on the rate of expenditure,\" said founder of Shri Natesan Vidyasala N Ramasubramanyam.Some felt that instead of fixing the fee structure for each school the committee could give an upper limit for schools. \"Depending on the facilities offered a similar category of schools could be allowed to charge up to a particular amount. This will ensure that schools do not overcharge while giving parents the choice of opting for a particular type of school,\" said K R Nandakumar, state general secretary, Tamil Nadu Nursery, Primary, Matriculation, Higher Secondary Schools Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510369", "title": "Aided schools want grants for clerks, peons", "text": "PANAJI: All Goa aided primary school office staff association has decided to intensify their resolve for salary grants to all the clerks and peons in government aided primary schools.At its general body meeting held in the capital city recently, the association members took stock of the situation after bringing the matter to the attention of the government.It decided to pursue their demands as there is nothing official from the government that the clerks and peons in government-aided primary schools would get salary grants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511165", "title": "Inner roads turn killer zones", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Internal roads within sectors, small roundabouts, pedestrian walkways and zebra crossings are increasingly becoming accident-prone zones.Forty eight fatal accidents have been reported mainly on the internal roads and near small roundabouts. In some cases, pedestrians on the walkways were killed. As many as 89 fatal accidents took place between January 1 and September 21, records say.The recent casualties include: Anupaman, a 17-year-old student, who died in an accident at Sector 18; Pooja of Sector 43, who was a student; and MBA student Gagandeep, 23, who killed in Sector 38 on September 20.A study compiled by the traffic police has ascertained the involvement of 47 four-wheelers in the fatal accidents. Other cases included either pedestrians or two-wheelers. This study was based ion the spot verification reports.The Sector-38 traffic lights near Dadumajra, railway crossing near the Modern Housing Complex, Manimajra; the dividing road of sectors 7-8; Sector-9 market and the traffic lights connecting sectors 37 and 38 are fast emerging as killer points, with many casualties reported in the recent past. Also included in the study is the internal road near Centra Mall in Industrial Area Phase-I, and another that connects to the Chandigarh Railway Station from Industrial Area.Discussing the revelation, member of the Traffic Advisory Committee M P S Chawla said, The increasing number of vehicles and plying of heavy wheels on the internal roads often lead to accidents. The administration had been repeatedly requested to take stock of the situation and to construct speed breakers at vulnerable points.SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary, however, said that the traffic police have decided to monitor vehicular movement on internal roads and at roundabouts, especially during peak morning and evening hours.Danger ZonesInternal roads of sectors 9, 18, 19, and 23 Traffic lights of Sector 38 near Dadumajra village Railway crossing near Modern Housing Complex, Manimajra Traffic lights connecting sectors 37 and 38 Near Centra Mall in Phase-I, Industrial Area", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16510099", "title": "CBSE invites paintings on educational themes from children", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has invited young artists from affiliated schools to showcase their creativity through paintings. The board intends to generate a pool of art works related to educational themes and use them appropriately.In a circular sent to schools, the board said, \"Art is a universally accepted mode of expression that develops creativity, aesthetic sensibilities and sharpens senses through keen observation of the environment. Art is a way of discovering space, organization, colours, forms, lines, texture, movement, sound etc.\"It added, \"A student develops a sense of organization that further inculcates a sense of order with regard to their personal appearance, home, school and community. Central Board of Secondary Education recognize that significance of art lies beyond 'useful hobbies' and 'leisure activities' and therefore art education constitutes a crucial component of the school curriculum.\"Students of class IX-XII in CBSE-affiliated schools across the world can send in their art works with an authentication from the school principal that they are original.\"The art work must be related to themes on education while its content should not hurt sentiments of an individual or community and should not be anti-national or communal,\" CBSE officials said. A three-member screening committee will select the best entries and the selected entries will be acknowledged by the board, giving the artist the credit line besides their brief profile.However, the selected entries will be the property of the board and schools or artists will not be able to use them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16511604", "title": "Corporation to launch trash outlets in Thiruvanathapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a garbage-choked capital, the city-corporation is planning to launch junk-collection centres, better known as scrap (aakri) shops. The ruling council swears that they are not kidding. \"We understand that trash heaps are a major challenge for the city residents and we are going to deploy cleanwell workers to collect the junk from households,\" said work standing committee chairman V S Padmakumar.As part of the project, the corporation will distribute application forms to the households in various wards. Interested people should fill-up the forms and submit to the corporation. Selected cleanwell workers will visit these houses and collect scrap like old newspaper, plastic cups, bottles, carry bags and sacks.\"The corporation will act as a facilitator between the cleanwell workers and the people. We won't pay the households for the trash unlike other scrap collectors. There are a lot of people who are finding it hard to dispose of the accumulated trash from their house and corporation will be eyeing them,\" said health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha, who will be in charge of the project.The trash collected from the households will be taken to the corporation outlets. The civic body will then help the cleanwell workers find market for the scrap.\"We have decided to tie-up with contractors based in Tamil Nadu who are involved in this business. The profit from the sale will be directly distributed among the cleanwell workers,\" added Padmakumar.The officials have now been entrusted with the task of preparing the final outlay of the project and are on the look out for vacant spots where the outlets can be set up.Sources said that first aakri shop is most likely to come up near Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16509411", "title": "Road link likely between India and Pakistan soon", "text": "JAISALMER: India and Pakistan may soon open a road link between the two countries via Munabao in Rajasthan to Khokharapar in Sindh. The step would be a milestone in promoting this region's business and tourist activities.The 7th round of India-Pakistan talks on commercial and economic cooperation was held on September 20-21 in Islamabad between the commerce secretaries of the two countries. The Indian delegation was led by S R Rao, commerce secretary and Pakistan was led by Munir Qureshi, secretary, commerce. Both sides expressed satisfaction with the progress made in the bilateral trade relationship, since last round of talks in New Delhi in November 2011.On exploring the possibilities of opening new land routes for trade, Pakistan informed that a working group on Munabao (near Barmer) to Khokharapar (Pakistan) Road Link has been constituted.Indian side has already conveyed constitution of the working group. It was agreed that a meeting on Munabhao-Khokhrapar would be held in the fourth week of October, 2012 at New Delhi.It may be mentioned here that the rail link between two countries was revived when Thar Express started its regular ferry between Munabao and Khokharapar in February 2006. Once the road link is revived trade links can be strengthened and more visitors can come to tourist and religious locations like Jaisalmer and Ajmer Sharif.Source said that soon a time will come that Rajasthan-Sindh road link will start plying and Munabao would become a huge commercial centre.With plying of road link between Pakistan and India, western part of Rajasthan will benefit. The revenue of the centre and state governments would increase, while the economic situation of people will strengthen and employment opportunities will increase. And Sojat's henna, limestone of Jaisalmer, stainless steel utensils of Jodhpur, bhujia, papad, rasgulla, galia of Bikaner, handicrafts of Barmer etc will go to Pakistan, while trade of textiles, dry fruits, slippers, threads, leather items etc will take place from Pakistan.At present, there is a heavy demand for Jodhpur's mawa kachori, laddu of Gadra and ghotuon of Jaisalmer in Pakistan. Passengers going by Thar Express especially take these three items for their relatives. There is also a heavy demand for Assam's beetle nuts.Prior to Indo-Pak war in 1965, goods trains used to ply between Jodhpur and Karachi . There were strong business relations between Sindh and Marwar. After the war, the rail tracks were uprooted between Munabao and Khokharapar and this rail route was closed. The Thar Express started plying on this route from February 18, 2006 and since then it has been demanded to start a goods train on this route. Three years ago, a delegation of chamber of commerce had come to Jodhpur to find out the possibilities of starting business through Munabao route.Later, in September last year, when the commerce minister of Pakistan Fahim had come to Ajmer, that time too, he was asked to start goods trains. Official sources from custom said the Central government looking at the possibilities of starting goods train on this route had reserved land at Jaisinder village near Munabao. Later on the request of custom officers, the land was shifted to Gadra railway station near Munabao.Sources said that the Centre would allot budget for construction of building for customs on decision of opening the rail route for trade and commerce between Munabao and Sindh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16510011", "title": "District admn to probe CCL mine deaths", "text": "RAMGARH: A three-member panel of district administration headed by sub-divisional officer (SDO) Deepak Kumar will enquire the opencast coal mine mishap under Topa project of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) in which five people including a woman were killed on Thursday. The other members of the team are assistant mining officer (AMO) and circle officer. The team has been asked to get information on how villagers managed to enter the CCL mine.Deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal on Saturday said that the panel will enquire the mishap which has also left three injured. \"Coal mines do not permit entry to all. It is a serious concern that villagers entered CCL mines,\" Kaushal said, adding, \"The panel will investigate the mining and security arrangement of CCL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16509360", "title": "Island row: China hints at economic curbs on Japan", "text": "BEIJING: China on Saturday released a set of figures showing its economic edge over Japan amid escalating tensions between the two countries over the ownership of Diaoyu Isands. China is the biggest holder of Japanese external bonds with $230 billion worth of Japan's national debt. In fact, China in 2011 raised its holdings by 71% against previous year.The figures are important amid fears that China might impose economic sanctions on Japan if the dispute further escalates. There is a nationwide campaign to boycott Japanese goods in China.Even government agencies like the Shanghai municipal body are refusing to deal with Japan. The statistics also explain why a section of Japanese industry is asking its government in Tokyo to soften its stand on the island dispute. The boycott campaign has come in a year when sales of Japanese goods in China have fallen by 6.2%.China supplies nearly half of the crucial rare earth minerals used by Japanese electronic industry. It exported 3,007 tonnes of minerals to Japan in the first half of 2012. China is also the biggest market for Japan's auto industry. At stakes for Japanese suppliers are $150 billion market in China. Japan also imports nearly $180 billion worth of goods from China resulting is a substantial trade deficit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510761", "title": "Government's paltry farm of promises", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the state government announcing a poll sop of Rs 150 crore for housing societies - for water supply, streetlights, and road projects - it was expected that societies' requests would be a priority for the civic body. However, reality belies that expectation. Till August 31, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) had finished only 15 works from 2,926 applications received from societies across the city.Moreover, for all the brouhaha over Garib Kalyan Melas, not a single civic work was undertaken for poor and lower-middle-class localities till the end of August - areas that contain vote banks for both main political parties. AMC has approved projects worth Rs 217.03 crore in middle- and high-income areas, while a paltry Rs 1.14 crore has been allocated for poorer localities. But in all, the state government has contributed a paltry Rs 1.03 crore for these projects.In fact, a major portion of the contribution towards the chief minister's bijli-sadak-paani scheme today comes from societies, to the tune of Rs 1.77 crore. Societies have been asked to deposit 20 per cent of the total cost incurred. AMC has received only 62 applications from poor localities - mainly relating to water supply and roads.\"Many economically backward localities are illegal and one cannot have government funds allocated to them, we were told by the east zone office of AMC,\" says Bhailal Vaghela, a resident of Vishal Society in Bapunagar. Another interesting aspect is that for the 15 civic works undertaken, AMC spent just Rs 11 lakh\"We got maximum applications for roads. Monsoon was the major reason for stalling of road works,\" says a senior AMC official. \"The state and the civic body have both transferred adequate funds. It's just that we cannot entertain all 2,900 applications with a budget of Rs 200 crore.\" He said a lot of these projects had been allotted to contractors. \"We are now asking societies what their priority works are,\" he said.On paper, poor localities have been sanctioned Rs 1.14 crore while middle-class and upper-middle-class localities were granted Rs 13.02 crore. In all, 1,122 works have been accepted by AMC. A major part of the allocation has been made in the new west zone and most of these applications were for roads, accounting for around 700 applications. The west zone filed 622 applications, but only Rs 55 lakh was allocated.Times View : False poll promiseThe Rs 150 crore plan to refurbish infrastructure in Ahmedabad's housing societies was a smart tactical move by the state government ahead of the assembly elections, but no delivery mechanism was put in place. Despite the good intentions, the scheme now looks like a false poll promise. Shockingly, not a single housing society in the poorer parts of the city has been touched by the scheme. The authorities should keep their word when the people have already contributed more to this public-private partnership scheme than the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16509626", "title": "Gurgaon executive booked on dowry harassment charge", "text": "GURGAON: A private company executive has been booked for alleged dowry harassment and alleged rape of his wife. According to the FIR lodged at the Sector 56 police station, the couple had had a love marriage and the husband, a native of Amritsar, had left the woman and has been on the run.The victim Siksha (name changed), a senior executive in a private firm, has blamed her husband, Raman Singh Sahi in the FIR that he had been raped her before marriage a number of times and now has been demanding a huge sum of money as dowry.On the material front, everything was fine between the two for a few months after marriage but their relationship soured later and they quarrelled many times in the recent past.The victim told police that she was physically assaulted many times after marriage. She claimed that Raman had ignored her feelings and had forced himself on her several times in recent months. It is not clear in the FIR as to when they got married, said police.Police lodged an FIR based on the complaint by the victim under Section 376 and the Dowry Act. The victim was residing in the upscale Sun City residential society on Golf Course Road. The accused is also in a senior position in the same private firm as the victim. They had fallen in love as colleagues.\"We have tried to contact the accused but he has been on the run,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510314", "title": "Visit to city zoo gets costlier from today", "text": "LUCKNOW: A visit to the zoo will cost you more from Sunday. The zoo advisory committee, headed by principal secretary forest, has decided to hike the price of zoo entry ticket for those above 12 years of age to Rs 30 and for visitors from 5 to 12 years of age to Rs 15. Visitors will also have to shell out more for the toy train ride. Those above 12 years of age will pay Rs 15 while those below 12 years will pay Rs 10 for the ride.Visits to Fish House, Nocturnal House and Nature Interpretation Centre will cost more too.The entry ticket for foreigners has been fixed at Rs 100. School children coming in a group of 50 will be given 10 per cent concession on entry tickets. Morning walkers will also have to pay more for the zoo pass, Rs 100 for a month and Rs 500 for a year.The advisory committee has also decided to provide one more ATM at the main gate.Zoo authorities have been told to add more of the specie to give company to the solitary rhinoceros Lohit. The zoo will have to draw out a plan to rehabilitate the swamp deer population in the wild. There is a population of swamp deer housed in the non-exhibit area of the zoo and can be released into the wild.Possibility of bringing in animals and birds from foreign zoos under the exchange programme is another possibility the zoo staff has bee asked to explore. The committee also directed authorities to set up a zoo canteen, in front of the tiger house and to employ staff for its hospital on contract basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509906", "title": "For Jyoti it's a small world, literally", "text": "They say it is a small world. For Jyoti Amge, who at 18 years is the shortest woman (62.8 cms) in the world, this is true, literally. In a big world she has her own space, specially designed for her.With Jyoti one can build a whole doll house around her. And indeed, she does have certain features of it to call her own. She wakes up in a specially made cot, emerging from under the folds of tailored-for-her blanket with a teddy bear print.And the bed is not merely what it is, it also houses some of Jyoti's possessions. With an air of opening a treasure box like those in fairy tales, Jyoti pulls open the drawer-like cabinet under her bed which houses her collection of footwear and some of her fashion accessories.Digging through her collection of bracelets she picks out her favourites which are also, as expected, crafted according to her size. Meanwhile, her mother brings Jyoti's tooth brush.Only a person brought up in utter luxury or bedridden would get a tooth brush and paste at his bed and then be carried get physically lifted to the wash basin. But for Jyoti it's an absolute necessity. Though she has a miniature bucket and mug so that she can bathe herself, the wash basin in her house is fixed at the regular height, requiring that someone hoist her up so that Jyoti can wash her face and rinse her mouth.Drawing attention back to her collection, Jyoti shows a small diary and a pen. \"This was given by Guinness when I went to London ,\" she said. She also added that whenever she goes overseas, the hosts also provide her customized shoes and dresses.Though she has to depend upon others for many things, her mother Ranjana says that she generally tries not to bother others. \"If I am asleep and she gets hungry Jyoti pulls out the drawers in the kitchen and climbs on them to reach for the food,\" she said.The Amge family generally sits together for their meals in the drawing room. Jyoti joins them on her special sofa chair and a table on which her name has been painted by some of her friends. She not only has her special plate, spoon, cup-saucer and water glass, Jyoti also has her special wine glass that she had bought from Italy. \"But don't think I drink! I only use that glass to have cold drinks,\" she said coyly.She also has a collection of handbags of her size which she has procured from different countries. Rummaging through one of them she takes out her proud possession - a miniature make-up set including lipstick, blushes and so on.While most of the accessories she uses are small sized, there is one which is almost double her size. It is a long stick and she has found some uses for it. \"She uses that stick to on or off the switches which are quite high and to open the door latches,\" her mother quipped.Though many things can be modified to suit her, but there are certain things which cannot be changed and the ability of driving is one of them for Jyoti. But she says she is not bothered by it much. \"Anyway, many a time when I go out with my father in his car and I control the steering wheel while I sit in my father's lap while he drives. I am quite happy with that,\" she says.And anyway, whenever the big wide world outside intimidates her, Jyoti always has her own small world to go back to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509292", "title": "'SC verdict will impact all wakf assets'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Wakf Board has not taken necessary caution in preparing the counter in the Manikonda Jagir case which is expected to be presented before the Supreme Court next month, former Rajya Sabha member Syed Azeez Pasha said on Saturday.Speaking with the media he said he wrote a letter to wakf board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani and to the principal secretary, minority welfare and wakf enumerating the omissions and commissions in the draft counter. He said he has learnt that the counter has been prepared andsent for whetting to some senior counsels in New Delhi.Giving an example, he said that the most important fact which is missing is about the registration of the Manikonda lands. As per the entry no. 2/56 of Muntakhab of 1935 the lands are registered as conditional service grants and shown in column numbers 6 and 7. In that Muntakhab the extent of land given to Dargah Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali is 1898 acre and 18 guntas. The land has then attained the status of wakf which will always remain so. As per section 43 of the Wakf Act of 1995 they are deemed to be registered as wakf property.The letter has then given background information about certain facts in relation to the Manikonda lands.The former MP said that if any details or legal points have been missed out, they should be incorporated in the counter because the Supreme Court verdict will have impact on all wakf properties in the country. He also said that he has been informed about certain points in the counter related to Jagir abolition, its commutation and sending of shares in lieu of the Jagir to the descendants of the mutawalli, or the custodianwhich could damage the case. The board should not agree to any inquiry into the matter as the rights over the property have already been established as wakf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16509953", "title": "20k protesters court arrest", "text": "RANCHI: The statewide strike called by para teachers was partial in the state with the capital city remaining mostly unaffected by the shutdown. Police lathicharged a group of protesters for blocking the road in the afternoon .Around 20,000 pro-bandh supporters courted arrest during the day.The para teachers moved in Ranchi in four groups covering Ormanjhi, Kanke Road, Tata Road and Ratu Road and tried to stop the traffic and shut down the shops. In the afternoon, police lathicharged on the protesting para teachers at Shaheed Chowk. City SP Vipul Shukla said, \"Police constables and RAF were deployed at various places to avoid any untoward incident. The bandh was peaceful.\" Chairperson of Jharkhand Para Teachers' Association Sanjay Dubey said, \"The bandh was not much effective in the capital as Ranchi is a big city so it was difficult to cover the whole area. We are teachers, so we cannot behave like hooligans and cross the limits.\"In Sindri, para teachers blocked road near Baliapur Chowk and Kusumatand disrupting traffic on Baliapur-Govindpur and Baliapur-Jharia road but the blockade was lifted within two hours when police threatened legal action against them. The bandh was effective in Deoghar, Palamu and Garhwa were para teachers stopped traffic and trains.Dubey said many para teachers were injured in lathi charge. \"In Palamu 11 people were injured and two had suffered with broken hands. We had to face lathicharge in Ranchi and Koderma as well.\" In Lohardaga, the para teachers blocked the main road for over an hour but when local people started protesting, they lifted the blockade. The para teachers have been on a strike for around 25 days demanding the implementation of the Para Teachers' Service Rule.Dubey said, \"Once the rule is implemented, we will be regularized and will get a better salary. The state government is playing with the future of children. We know that the studies are being affected but we were left with no other option to get ourselves heard.\"Para teachers are planning many other protests in future. Dubey said, \"We will lock up the gates of the district education project office in every district on September 28 and will gherao the residences of the chief minister and the deputy chief ministers on October 2.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16509438", "title": "Muslim caretaker for Karachi's Hindu crematorium", "text": "AMRITSAR: For the past 30 years, a Muslim has been giving company to the bereaved who come to cremate their dead at Karachi's Hindu Shamshan Ghat.Sixty-five-year-old Murad Baksh, who is the caretaker of the Sompuri Shamshan Ghat, has been assisting the Hindu priest maintain the crematorium properly.Every morning he comes to the Ghat and sweeps it clean. He is also helped by two of his nephews - Akbar and Parvez - in setting the funeral pyre, lighting the diyas and incense sticks in a small temple with idols of Hindu deities.\"Around 5-15 bodies come to the crematorium every month and I take care of everyone,\" he said while talking to TOI over phone from Karachi on Saturday.Baksh is also warden of the ashes kept at the crematorium as many Hindu families preserve the remains of their kin to immerse it in Ganga at Haridwar when they visit India. \"Those who can't go to India they immerse the ashes in the sea while a few of them prefer to wait till they get a visa,\" he said. The ashes are kept in urns with the names of the deceased and relatives inscribed on them. \"At present, I have kept more than two dozen urns in the crematorium,\" he said. \"I get around Rs 4,000 a month as salary from the Hindu organisations in Karachi. My nephews get Rs 3,000 each,\" he added.President of Pakistan Hindu Seva Sanjesh S Dhanja told TOI that the Hindu community of Karachi is all praise for Baksh for taking care of the crematorium.Stating that performing 'sewa' at a Hindu Shamshan Ghat is a work for humanity, Baksh said, \"It is a selfless work, I know many in my community don't like me working at a Hindu crematorium but this gives me some satisfaction.\" However, his wife Aziza and 13-year-old daughter Aneesa have no complaints about his job.\"Hindus have been living a peaceful life here and they enjoy equal rights, I don't think there is any reason for them to leave the country,\" Baksh said.\"Hindus in Pakistan shouldn't leave the country and if there are problems they should take it up with the government,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16511103", "title": "Ganapathy residents block road protesting powercuts", "text": "COIMBATORE: Protesting the frequent power outages, as many as 100 residents of Ganapathy conducted a road roko near Textool over bridge on Sathyamangalam road here on Saturday. They claimed that their localities were suffering 12 to 14 hours powercut on a daily basis. The residents lodged a petition to chief engineer (distribution) A Thangavelu of Tamil Nadu Distribution and Generation Corporation (TANGEDCO), Coimbatore, asking them to announce daily power outage schedule. But the officials claimed that power situation is extremely bad in the state and it is not possible to announce the exact duration of powercuts at the moment.The protesting residents claimed that there is one hour powercut in Chennai. However, people from other districts face 12 to 14 hours powercut. The state government should treat people equally.\"The unscheduled powercuts have affected our business severely. Every day, we have been giving wages to the labourers. But they cannot work properly. We urge the stage government should implement scheduled powercut,\" said V Rajendran, owner of a lather workshop at Ganapathy.\"The powercut is affecting our routine life and our children are suffering severely. They cannot study in evening. We cannot sleep properly. The duration of the powercut has increased from six to 12 hours. But without electricity, we are paying Rs 1,000 every two months once,\" said Kasthuri of Ganapathy.Assistant commissioner of police (east sub-division) P Chandramohan and Saravanampatti police inspector P Periasamy reached the spot and tried to pacify the residents. Traffic was disturbed for at least 20 minutes.The protesters have lodged a petition with Thangavelu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16510524", "title": "Blockade cripples traffic on NH-37", "text": "SILCHAR: Many NGOs and traders of Jirighat called a day-long blockade at Fulertol and Jirighat points of NH-37 under Lakhipur subdivision of Cachar district on Saturday.The blocked was called in protest against the alleged arrest and harassment of a trader of Jirighat. Hundreds of vehicles were stranded on both Assam and Manipur due to the blockade.Sources said Jiribam-based Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB) jawans crossed over to Assam on Friday evening and rounded up Prantik Roy, a trader of Jirighat . They arrested the trader for allegedly violating traffic rules.Silchar ADC Borenya Das organised a meeting of officials of both Cachar district of Assam and Jiribam sub division of Manipur and the agitators in a school of Jirighat.The meeting decided to investigate into the action of Manipur's IRB jawans and the circumstances under which the Assamese trader was rounded up, said ADC Das. Following this, the protestors withdrew the blockade at 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509804", "title": "19% rise in circulation of counterfeit notes: RBI", "text": "NAGPUR: Not only currency of higher denomination but also of smaller denomination like Rs10, Rs20 and Rs50 are being circulated. \"In 2011-12, the RBI seized 216 forged notes of Rs20 and 12457 of Rs50. Similarly, 216 numbers of Rs20 fake currency notes were also seized,\" reveals the data provided by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).In fact, there is 19% rise in fake notes of various denominations from Rs10 to Rs1000 in banking sector, admitted the RBI while replying to a RTI query by Abhay Kolkarkar, an activist of India Against Corruption . In 2009-2010, the value of fake currency seized was estimated at Rs15.51 crore, Rs19.01 crore in 2010-2011 and Rs24.70 crore in 2011-12. The total value of fake currency seized in the last three financial years amounted to over Rs59.23 crore.Kolkarkar had submitted RTI queries with the RBI demanding number of fake notes recovered under RBI's Nagpur region (Nagpur, Vidarbha and Marathwada). In its reply, the RBI said the number of counterfeit notes detected by banks increased to 5.21 lakh pieces in 2011-12 from 4.35 lakh in the previous year, an increase of approximately 19%. The data shows that maximum counterfeit notes were detected for Rs500 denomination followed by Rs100.Kolkarkar told TOI that the apex bank should take strong steps to curb circulation of forged currencies, which is hitting the country's economy hard.Recently, expressing its concern, Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) too had convened a meeting over the issue. \"Despite government reports stating there has been a 400% increase in counterfeit transactions in India, many banks in the country do not have fake currency detector machines (FCDM). RBI should issue mandatory orders to this effect immediately. The common man fails to detect fake currency and all cannot procure FCDM, hence banks should also install one such FCDM for its account holders and general public on their premises,\" said VTA members in a memorandum sent to prime minister Manmohan Singh and RBI governor Dr Duwuri Subbarao.VTA has convened a meeting to discuss the fake currency issue that continues to be pumped illegally into the country, causing much damage to economy as well as taxpayers are tricked into accepting it.\"The government and its investigation agencies have grossly failed to curb influx of counterfeit currency in our country. With its increased circulation, traders and common man are facing extreme problems as either accidentally or by fraudulently fake currency is exchanged,\" said VTA president JP Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16510705", "title": "Disease claims 20 cows in Dindigul", "text": "MADURAI: About 20 cows owned by villagers in Karisalpatti in Rediyarchathiran union in Dindigul district have succumbed to a suspected outbreak of foot and mouth disease in the past one week causing panic among the people, who are dependent on milch animals for their livelihood.Dindigul district has about 30,000 cattle owned by its people and they are vaccinated free of cost twice a year by the department of animal husbandry. A few days ago, Seemati Amalraj of Sebestian Street in the village noticed his two cows looking sick, salivating at the mouth with blisters in the mouth and foot. The two animals died one after another, much to the family's disappointment. Similarly, Lakshmanan who lives on the same street, lost two cows in the next two days. Three animals owned by Palanimuthan of North Street also succumbed one after another. This is in spite of the government having administered vaccines to the animals of this village a week ago.Joseph Amalraj, a teacher, whose cow is breathing her last, says that he believes the vaccines were given a a little late. \"My aged mother is inconsolable now that my cow is sick and from the symptoms, we suspect the foot and mouth disease,\" he said. Amalraj says that there are takers for the dead animals, ready at the doorstep as soon as the death is confirmed. \"They offer us about Rs 3,000 for the cows we bought for Rs 40,000. But the heartbroken villagers are ready to give away the dead animals for nothing, on condition that the animals is taken far beyond the boundaries of the village to prevent the spread of the deadly disease,\" he said.Foot and mouth disease is a highly contagious viral disease, requiring immediate action to quarantine the affected animals from the non-infected ones. It can spread through air and from humans when they handle the infected and healthy animals at the same time.Sudamani, husband of the Karisalpatti panchayat president Kulandai Terasu, said he believed that about 15 animals had died in the past one week. Our village has about 400 cows, but now we have conducted two vaccination camps in the past one week.Chief veterinary doctor Ravichandran said that the death of so many animals was news to him and that only to the best of his knowledge only two calves had died. \"But I will visit the village and find out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510271", "title": "Parties vie for max public inconvenience", "text": "LUCKNOW: The otherwise symbolic protest against the 'anti-people' policies of the Centre turned into an opportunity for various political parties to show their strength as they vied with each other to cause maximum public inconvenience in the name of agitation on Thursday.Almost all major political parties boasted of burning effigies of PM Man Mohan Singh and UPA chairperson, Sonia Gandhi , bang in the middle of crossings, stopping traffic and trains and causing grave inconvenience to pedestrians and commuters.SP workers left no chance to get spotted by prowling TV channels as they stopped trains and buses while raising anti-government slogans. Later SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the bandh was a 'complete success' with 'SP workers stopping trains and buses'. Though Samajwadi Yuvajan Sabha in a statement said that the workers were polite while asking the shopkeepers to pull down their shutters as part of the agitation.So was the case with BJP who, in some districts, tried to block the traffic leaving hundreds and thousands of commuters in a lurch. BJP state spokesperson, Vijay Pathak termed the bandh a complete success with traders coming in open support of the BJP while keeping their shops shut, burning effigies of the UPA government.The Janata Dal (united) too claimed of showing its strength in the bandh. State general secretary, Subhash Pathak said that the workers went all out to stage their protest on main Hazratganj crossing following which traffic came to a standstill. The workers then burned the effigy of PM. \"Since that resulted in causing traffic jam, our agitation was watched by thousands of commuters,\" Pathak boasted. The party later handed district magistrate a representation, addressed to president of India, seeking his intervention.The CPI too termed its protest a 'historical one'. \"Our people stopped trains in districts like Mathura and disrupted traffic on other cities...it was a largely successful bandh,\" said state state secretary, Girish. He said that the party will continue with its agitation until the Centre withdraws its decision of hike in fuel prices and allowing FDI in retail sector.It were the traders, instead, who kept their installations closed for the major part of the day. President of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal, Sandeep Bansal said that it were the traders who showed their solidarity against the 'anti-people' policies of the Central government. The association threatened of burning an effigy of PM every day until the decisions are taken back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "16511301", "title": "Fishermen lay siege to VOC port", "text": "TUTICORIN: In a move to press their demand on scrapping the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP) and express solidarity with fishermen at Idinthakarai, fishermen of Tuticorin held siege of the V O C Port here on Saturday. Around 268 mechanised boats from Tuticorin fishing harbour and 500 country boats participated in the siege. They were joined by another 500 country boats from the coastal villages of Tirunelvli and Kanyakumari. More than 5,000 fishermen participated in the struggle and raised slogans against the governments to scrap the project.Fishermen associations, public forums and NGOs in Tuticorin started their protest against the nuclear plant after the violence in Kudankulam and a fisherman was shot dead in Tuticorin on September 10. After prolonged agitation and the fishermen boycotting fishing, the protestors had announced that they would besieging the port on Saturday. As announced, the fishermen from Tuticorin started from the fishing harbour around 7am and the fishing boats from other parts joined them around 8.30am. Security arrangements were tightened in the port due to the siege as a three-fold protection was provided with Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Marine Police, Coast Guard and the local police. The entrance of the port in the sea was marked with a boundary using rope and buoys and the protestors were warned not to trespass the boundary. Coast guard vessels Ahalya Bai, Veera, Nayaki Devi and coast guard aircraft patrolled the sea to stop the protestors from entering into the port. Security was tightened in the area surrounding the port with heavy police deployment and senior police officials, C Sylendra Babu, ADGP, coastal security, John Nicholson, DIG, CBCID and others were present.The siege which started at around 8.30am, lasted till 12 noon with fishermen raising slogans against the government to scrap the nuclear power plant and withdraw police from Kudankulam and surrounding coastal villages. Later they dispersed from the place and returned to the fishing harbour. A human chain was formed in the city later where women and children participated in large number in support of the fishermen.Struggle committee leader, Xavier Vaz said that they had recorded their struggle for the government to notice that they were against a nuclear power plant that could destroy their source of livelihood. \"We have decided to collect public opinion from Tuticorin on the nuclear power plant and will decide our future course of agitation,\" he said.Meanwhile in Idinthakarai, fishermen protested by anchoring their fishing boats away from the shore while women and children took out a human chain in the shore expressing their solidarity with Tuticorin fishermen. After the port siege was over in Tuticorin, they called off the demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508843", "title": "MoD restricts DRDO chief\u2019s fiscal powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has taken an unprecedented decision to impose severe restrictions on the financial powers of Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) chief Dr VK Saraswat after an internal audit report and an ongoing CAG scrutiny raised red flags over many of his decisions.The move is unprecedented in many ways since DRDO chiefs enjoy exalted position \u2014one of them Dr A P J Abdul Kalam even went on to become the President. DRDO also enjoys a huge amount of autonomy because of the strategic nature of its work and is rarely questioned on its financial decisions.However, all this has changed. Sources said the ministry of defence (MoD) has issued an order saying that the DRDO chief would have to take all financial decisions in consultation with the finance division of the ministry. Until now, DRDO chief could grant financial approvals of upto Rs 50 crore on his own, without having to consult with MoD finance.The financial powers of DRDO chief were upped in mid-2010 through an order, which now the government believes was against the norms. The enhancement of his powers, especially as DG (DRDO) of upto Rs 50 crore where he only needed the concurrence of the financial advisor within DRDO, has now raised hackles in the government. The DRDO financial advisor reports to the DRDO chief.Sources said the enhancement of DRDO chief's financial powers went against the recommendations of an MoD panel headed by present Chief Vigilance Commissioner Pradeep Kumar when he was the defence secretary. They even allege that defence minister A K Antony may have been misled into approving the enhanced financial powers for DRDO chief in 2010.Dr Saraswat holds three positions concurrently\u2014scientific advisor to the raksha mantri, DG (DRDO), and secretary defence (R&D;). Under the enhanced provisions, as DG (DRDO) Dr Saraswat can approve contracts upto Rs 50 crore without referring it to MoD. While, as secretary defence (R&D;) Dr Saraswat has financial powers upto Rs 75 crore but would MOD finance approval. Over the last two years, Dr Saraswat had been approving most contracts in his role as DG (DRDO) without referring them to MoD finance.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) is believed to have sent a draft para of its ongoing audit, raising questions over the way many financial decisions within the Rs 50 crore limit was approved by DRDO chief, without enough oversight.According to the new order issued a few days ago by the M0D with the approval of Antony, Dr Saraswat has been asked to exercise his financial powers, ranging between Rs 25 crore and Rs 75 crors, \"with consent\" of MoD (finance).Chief Comptrollers (CCs) of DRDO have financial powers upto Rs 25 crore. They would continue to exercise their authority in consultation with the financial advisor of DRDO, sources said.A special audit of the DRDO on the orders of Antony has also found that the powers to sanction projects delegated to DG (DRDO), CC (R&D;)s and lab directors was granted on the condition that the projects should be cleared by the Defence Research Council. \"There is no government letter constituting the DRC, its functions and powers. The DRC meetings are not formal. There does not seem to be any system of circulating Agenda Briefs to members,\" the audit said.The report pointed out that in many cases the expenditure incurred on scientists and other manpower deployed on a project is not included in the project cost estimates to keep the total budget under the financial powers available to Dr Saraswat and his other officers.A project titled \"product support and product improvement of Nag weapon system\" at a cost of Rs 28.35 crore was sanctioned by Dr Saraswat \"even though the CCS (cabinet committee on security) approved Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme is still not closed in so far as NAG missile is concerned,\" the report says.Dr Saraswat approved a project worth Rs 49.82 crore for design and development of elctro-optical sensors for air-borne platforms such as UAVs and Aerostats. This was done \"by reducing the cost proposed by the Lab (Rs 70 crore) so as to bring it just under Rs 50 crore, which is his sanctioning power,\" the audit said.DRDO chief sanctioned a facility for electro-optical system testing at a cost of Rs 35 crore by \"DG DRDO to create a facility, which is essentially required to meet the objectives of an already sanctioned project. However, the old project's cost was not revised with the approval of appropriate CFA,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16510251", "title": "Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad corridor on fast track, encroachments removed", "text": "NOIDA: Following its decision to speed up work on the Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad (FNG) corridor project, the Noida Authority has started an anti-encroachment drive along the site of the proposed highway to rid the area of all unauthorized construction and infringements. According to Authority officials, the very first day of the drive resulted in freeing at least around \"10000 sqm of land worth around Rs 200 crore.\"The Authority plans to continue its drive throughout this week. \"The site for the proposed corridor as well as the entire stretch around it is heavily encroached upon by people from neighbouring villages who intend to cut out illegal plots and develop unauthorized colonies,\" said an Authority official. \"However, the Authority will not tolerate any such activity and the drive will ensure that the entire area is free of encroachments,\" he said. Last week, Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran had directed the chief engineer and work circle officers to visit the project site and take stock of all obstacles coming in the way of the project. Directing his staff to treat the project on a \"priority basis\", Saran had claimed that all problems related to the project will be \"resolved at once and the construction work will be fast tracked.\"Though the Haryana government scrapped the FNG project years ago, the Authority has maintained that since the project is a part of its Master Plan 2021 and since it has already completed 50% of its own share of work, the work on the stretch between Noida and Ghaziabad will be completed.A 16km stretch of the proposed 56km long corridor falls under the jurisdiction of Noida Authority. The 16km long link road begins at Chijarsi village near NH-24 and will pass through Sectors 142, 143B and 167,168 along the Greater Noida Expressway and end at Assdullapur village near Sector 168. The Authority claims to have already completed work on 8km of this stretch that links Noida and Ghaziabad and has also already spent around Rs 30 crore on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509011", "title": "Alcohol linked to aggression: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Alcoholism has long been linked to aggression. City psychiatrists and NGOs peg the percentage of domestic violence in households where men are alcohol addicts at 75% and say it cuts across all sections of the society.Numerous studies have linked alcoholism to worsening physical and psychological health of the addict. Head of psychiatry at Sion Hospital Dr Nilesh Shah said it is an ailment more than a habit and seconded what most domestic violence studies have said globally. \"It impairs judgment, the line between right and wrong becomes fainting and aggression increases manifold,\" he said. A 2009 study published in Bombay Hospital Journal based on data from a city slum found 44.86% wives of alcohol-dependant husbands suffered physical violence as opposed to 28.04% in couples where the husband did not consume alcohol. Dr Nayreen Daruwalla of Society for Nutrition, Education and Health Action said while reasons for domestic violence could be many, alcoholism was the precipitating factor.A south Mumbai based psychiatrist told TOI that domestic violence is a reality even in families where both spouses are educated and working. \"It becomes an issue of dignity and wives usually do not acknowledge it in public. Many call up and ask for help in counselling centres though the telephone but they do not want to lodge a complaint,\" the expert said.The expert added that the chances of aggression go up by 8-9% in couples when the male partner is under the influence of alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16510103", "title": "14 tribals from state arrested in Odisha", "text": "KEONJHAR: Fourteen tribals from Jharkhand were arrested and sent to court on Friday evening for allegedly encroaching upon reserve forest land in Telkoi police station area in Keonjhar district.Forest protection force officials, Keonjhar police and CRPF men on Friday morning jointly raided the Talapada reserve forest, about 100 km from here. S Samantara, assistant conservator of forests, said, \"They were arrested in a joint raid. The place was raided after we received a complaint from villagers of Talapada that some outsiders had encroached upon the reserve forest and were destroying the green cover. They were forwarded to court on Friday.\"According to forest department sources, all the 14 persons were from Jharkhand and they often came to this area to settle in the forests. They destroyed huge forest area to claim ownership of the land under the Forest Rights Act. Sources said there were over 100 such settlers in Keonjhar who have encroached upon forest land and are now seeking ownership of land under the Act by bribing officials of revenue and forest departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510726", "title": "Govt sets wheat output target at 73 lakh tonnes", "text": "PATNA: The state government has set a target of producing 72.85 lakh tonnes of wheat by undertaking cultivation of the crop in 23.50 lakh hectares during the forthcoming rabi season of the current year.A decision to this effect has been taken by the government. Agriculture officers of the state were informed about the target at a state-level Rabi workshop held here on Saturday, which was attended by agriculture minister Narendra Singh, principal secretary, agriculture, Alok Kumar Sinha, secretary Vijaylaxmi, director, agriculture, Arvinder Singh, and a number of other department officials. They chalked out strategy to enhance productivity of wheat to 3,100kg per hectare. In order to achieve the target, Srividhi system of tillage would be adopted by sowing the seeds in rows using zero tillage machine and seed drills.The agriculture department has chosen 25 districts for taking special measures under National Food Security Mission for the wheat crop. Under this programme, certified seeds would be made available for timely sowing of wheat crop, soil test done for balanced use of fertilizers, zero tillage machine used and stress laid on adequate irrigation, weed and paste management.During the current year (2012-13), the total foodgrain production target has been fixed at 191.05 lakh tonnes, as against 169.69 lakh tonnes in 2011-12. Wheat would be sowed with the use of zero tillage system on 3.50 lakh acres of land. For this, demonstration of zero tillage system of wheat sowing would be done before farmers on 70,000 acres of land.Under the National Food Security Mission, farmers would be informed about new techniques of production of pulses and oilseeds. Twenty districts have been chosen for demonstration of new technique of pulse production under the Mission. The target for pulse production is 7.35 lakh tones with cultivation in 7.25 lakh hectare in 2012-13. Oilseeds would be cultivated in two lakh hectares of land while the output target is 2.26 lakh tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509889", "title": "Learn from UK\u2019s mistakes on elderly healthcare: Expert", "text": "CHENNAI: India can well learn from the follies of the UK in taking care of its elderly population, Dr Andrew Elder said here on Tuesday. The expert in geriatric medicine from Edinburg was delivering the 10th M V Arunachalam endowment lecture on healthcare, \"80 not out - challenges of the silver innings.\"He highlighted the challenges of taking care of the elderly in India in comparison to the situation in the UK. The biggest challenge, he said, is to remove age-related prejudices, discriminations and negative attitude at the individual, corporate and institutional level.He said that just one of India's 206 medical colleges, Madras Medical College, had a full-time geriatric MD programme. More undergraduate and PG programmes in geriatric studies were required and if this was not improved upon, it would affect quality delivery of healthcare. Presently, 7% of the total population in India was above the age of 65. This was expected to swell to 16% of the total population by 2050.A key determinant of the wellbeing of an economy was the dependency ratio which was quite low in India as compared to the 1950s and the changed social implications meant a large number of older people along with fewer children in each family, he said.He criticised the media for portraying old age in a negative light and reminded that old people were not a drain on resources and made important contributions to society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16509842", "title": "NGO opposes PMC plan to replicate Katraj model", "text": "PUNE: The National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC) has opposed the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) plans to implement the 'Katraj model' of garbage collection in other parts of the city, citing lacunas in the implementation.The PMC is planning to extend the 'zero garbage' scheme to 40 wards in the city. The civic body is running a pilot project in Katraj, called 'Nirmal Katraj, Dekhane Katraj', with the help of citizens, local corporators, NGOs and private firms. Under the project, waste is disposed of locally to reduce load at dumping sites and also minimise transportation costs. The PMC's long-term plan is to implement the project in all 152 civic panels across the city, with the help of NGOs and private companies.The NSCC recent conducted a survey at Katraj ward and has concluded that the PMC should not go ahead with the imitation of the project.\"The NSCC has serious reservations against the duplication of the Katraj model as it proposes to hand over the responsibility of collection and disposal of garbage to an outside agency, helping the PMC shirk its primary duty. This will make the civic body dependent on these outside agencies over whom it has no control, for a basic and essential duty, that can affect the health of an entire population if these agencies were to become slack in the future, also leaving the PMC at the mercy of these agencies for the same,\" states the survey report.\"Instead of paying a few crores to hire an agency/agencies to mishandle the garbage in the city, the PMC must take complete charge of the sanitation, improve its own infrastructure, add suitable vehicles to its fleet of Ghanta trucks, increase its supervisory staff at the vehicle depot, insist that the fixed routes put up online, as suggested by the NSCC and its mohalla committees, be followed so as to service every property in the area, collect only segregated waste, reject mixed waste and impose stringent fines on erring societies,\" adds the report.\"The NSCC is strongly opposed to the misuse of the tax payer's money in the manner proposed by the PMC. The NSCC also cannot stop laying emphasis on the fact that the Supreme Court mandates and henceit is the primary duty of the citizens to segregate their own garbage at source. By handing over the collection to an outside agency, the PMC is allowing irresponsible citizens to get away scot-free and allowing such negligence and contempt of Court orders to continue. This trend will spell nothing but doom for the sanitation future of this ever-expanding city,\" states the report.Malati Gadgil, chief executive officer of SWaCH, a waste picker's organisation involved in the project with the PMC has a different take on the issue. \"The Katraj model is just a pilot project and while launching the same it was decided that the project will be scaled up and taken to other parts of the city. Garbage collection should be looked from comprehensive point of view. The project is intended to generate political will and support. There is always a chance to do better work,\" said Gadgil. \"The private agencies involvement in the project cannot be objected as SWaCH is waste pickers organisation. The model suggested by the NSCC has no involvement of waste pickers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509785", "title": "Gang of students and BPO workers?", "text": "KOLKATA: There are some uncanny coincidences about the four shootings at Kasba, Jadavpur and Dhakuria \u2014 the pistols were of 7.65mm or 9mm caliber, the goons did not hesitate even a second to open fire, and they probably look harmless at first glance allowing them the chance to get close to their victims.Police have profiled the crimes and believe the gang is made up of educated youths, aged 25-30, who do not have any crime record and who may well be working in BPO firms or students.Investigators suspect that the same gang is involved in the three shooting and possibly the Survey Park snatching as well \u2014 they did not use a gun here because they were not threatened. It is apparent that the gang keeps a close watch on their target locality for days but they somehow avoid suspicion of the residents because they can blend in. They identify all the lanes and bylanes, and may even be fixing a target and keeping her under watch before moving in, say police.\"In the Jadavpur incident, the gang knew that the victim would go to buy flowers,\" said an investigator. The modus operandi is simple. Two or three men on a bike stop close to the target. One person stays on the bike while the pillion rider/s walk up to the victim, snatch the chain and run back. If they face any resistance, they immediately pull out guns. They use fast bikes that go from zero to 60 in less than five seconds. By the time anyone starts their vehicle to chase them, they have vanished into a network of bylanes.What strikes police is that in all three shootings, sophisticated firearms of either 9mm or 7.65mm caliber were used. The gang operates in a 5-km radius of south Kolkata. From the similarities in the modus operandi, police feel the gang has no more than four to five members.\"Professional snatchers don't use guns,\" said an investigator. \"Why would a snatcher risk a longer jail term for a mere chain.\" None of the victims have been able to pick out any mugshot in the Criminal Record section of the detective department, whicb suggests that the goons are either new in the circuit or have never been arrested.\"In all three cases, they opened fire soon after facing minimum resistance. Either they lose their temper very quickly or are rattled. It is unlikely that professional criminals would fire five rounds to stop a woman. It seems they are terribly tense during the robberies and easily fly off the handle,\" said an investigator.After failing to track down even one suspect from the traditional criminal networks, police suspect that this gang may comprise of young men from various background but not part of the underworld. An officer pointed out that several educated youths, BPO workers and students were involved in snatchings. \"It's true that there are similarities in the modus operandi,\" said Sujay Chanda, DC SSD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16515322", "title": "IAF to procure two second-hand Mirage-2000 aircraft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Air Force is planning to buy two second-hand Mirage 2000 combat aircraft to make up for the losses suffered by it in crashes earlier this year.IAF, which has signed a deal with France for upgradation of 51 Mirage 2000 aircraft, lost two of these planes in crashes in February and March after which its fleet was reduced to 49.\"We are planning to procure these aircraft from the French or some other Air Force which still operates these aircraft in its inventory as the production line of Mirages was shut down a few years ago,\" IAF officials said here.They said if defence ministry approves this proposal, the IAF would buy the two second-hand Mirages and put them for upgrades to the Mirage-2000-5 standards.Under the $2.3 billion upgrade deal with France, the Mirages of the IAF will be upgraded to the '-5' standards.The first two aircraft are already in France for upgradation under the supervision of an IAF team and work is progressing, they said.The remaining aircraft would be upgraded at HAL facilities in India with the help of French officials in next ten years.IAF operates three squadrons of Mirages and all of them are deployed at the Maharajpur air base.Post their upgradation, IAF sources said there was a possibility of one squadron of the combat aircraft being deployed at some other base also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16509389", "title": "Green fee: HC issues notice to civic body, NHAI", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh high court has issued a notice to the Shimla municipal corporation and the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) on the issue of charging of green fee from vehicles coming from outside the state by setting up barriers without following the set norms. It has directed the civic body and NHAI to file the reply before October 17.The notice was issued by the division bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharam Chand Chaudhary, while hearing a petition filed by Solan resident Mangleshwar Chand. In his petition, Chand had requested direction of the court to create adequate facilities at the barrier raised for the collection of green fee.The petitioner had also sought direction to register an FIR against those responsible for causing damage to road. Alleging that the Shimla municipal corporation had started collection of green fee in a hasty manner, he submitted that neither was required land acquired nor any concern shown towards damage to be caused to the highway.Referring to a letter issued by the Union ministry of road transport and highways to the NHAI, Chand said that according to this letter the municipal corporation would have to construct separate lay-byes and bear the cost of construction. He further added that the barriers at the four entry points - Taradevi, Totu, Mehli and Dhalli -- were resulting in traffic jams and causing harassment to commuters.The matter would come up for hearing on October 17.The Shimla municipal corporation's move to collect green fee from non-HP vehicles has begun on a choppy note. Instead of a smooth ensuring smooth and quick passage of vehicles through computerized barriers, the move has led to slow and laboured collection of fee. The development has not only frustrated tourists coming to the hill town but also locals and fruit growers, who depend on non-HP vehicles to ferry their good top markets outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore/chennai", "code": "16511339", "title": "Tamil Nadu, Karnataka gear up for Cauvery battle in court", "text": "BANGALORE/CHENNAI: Karnataka has decided to await Prime Minister Manmohan's response to the review petition filed by the state before the Cauvery River Authority, expressing its inability to release 9,000 cusecs of water to Tamil Nadu for a fortnight, even as Tamil Nadu is gearing up to fight the issue in the Supreme Court next week.\"The ball is in Prime Minister's court in his capacity as chairman of the Cauvery River Authority,\" sources in the Karnataka government told TOI. Though chief minister Jagadish Shettar has taken a decision not to release water to Tamil Nadu, some farmers of Mandya district, where river Cauvery is the lifeline, are also bracing up to file a petition. Meanwhile, external affairs minister S M Krishna had on Friday asked Karnataka and Tamil Nadu to sit across the table and evolve an amicably acceptable formula on sharing Cauvery river water.Krishna wanted Karnataka to explore whether it could ensure 4,500 cusecs water to Tamil Nadu at Biligundlu gauging station (interstate border) till October 15 and the remaining 4,500 cusecs would automatically flow from the seepage. \"Such a decision would be in the interest of both the states,\" he said in a statement. The rainfall in the catchment areas of Kabini reservoir, which lies in Wayanad region in Kerala, has helped receive good inflows, but the state has been discharging only 700 cusecs from this reservoir since Friday. Tamil Nadu government sources said the water will not reach Mettur at all.Meanwhile, sources in the Tamil Nadu government said the state would fight Karnataka's review petition in the court, \"since it's only a ploy to buy time.\"When Tamil Nadu moves the court again, possibly on Monday, one of the prayers would be to seek a direction to Karnataka to release 9,000 cusecs of water as awarded by the Prime Minister. \"Though our original prayer is to have 2tmcft a day for the next 24 days, we'll also seek 9,000 cusecs at the earliest, since that is the CRA's direction,\" said a senior official. The delay in release of Cauvery water could affect the long-term samba crop, fear farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16509412", "title": "Butcher threatens animal activist inside police station", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An animal rights activist was allegedly threatened by a butcher inside Koangaon police station in the presence of cops on Friday night.Chetan Sharma (22), a People For Animals (PFA) activist, along with the police, on Friday rescued 48 cows and bullocks from Shahpur and Koangaon. At both places, the cattle had been crammed into a single truck.\"The animals were in a bad state when rescued. One of them died due to suffocation. While an FIR was being lodged, the butcher, Jallaludin Shaikh, who was transporting the animals, threatened me,\" said Sharma.After lodging the complaint, Sharma, his team and a police personnel, who had accompanied them after Shaikh's threat, were allegedly followed by 30-40 people. \"The cop accompanying us suggested we go to Shantinagar police station to avoid the butchers,\" said Sharma, who will soon meet police officials in Thane to register his complaint. Sources said transporters who ferry animals have threatened to strike work to protest against the raids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509909", "title": "Welfare schemes may take a back seat in political tussle", "text": "KOLKATA: The decision of Trinamool Congress to sever ties with the UPA II government may result in the state losing more than a host of railway projects or a moratorium on the state's debts. If hints dropped by some Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) are anything to go by, a number of ongoing projects in the city may get stalled mid-way due to want of funds.They apprehend the Centre will now tighten its purse string under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), leaving some of the pet projects of the chief minister in jeopardy.While inaugurating a water supply project at Tallah on Saturday, chief minister Mamata Banerjee urged mayor Sovan Chatterjee to expedite construction of Dhapa water treatment plant. She also instructed the mayor to wind up the Rs 500-crore sewerage upgrade project. However, a section of KMC officials expressed apprehension that the treatment plant in Dhapa, which has already missed several deadlines, could get further delayed if the Centre does not release more funds immediately.\"The chief minister wants us to complete the project in another eight months. If we get funds from the Centre, the target seems achievable. Construction of the plant is nearing completion. Now we need to lay pipelines across EM Bypass. If funds are readily available, we can open the plant by mid-2013. But if the flow of funds dries up, the project may get delayed,\" said a KMC official.This apart, several other projects may also get stuck or delayed due to the recent political development. Take for example the Hooghly river beautification project. This showcase project was conceived by Mamata immediately after coming to power in 2011. The government had entrusted the KMC as the implementing agency for this project, which aims to beautify stretches from Kidderpore to Bagbazar.Though the chief minister has asked the KMC to complete the project by another three years, the civic officials are keeping their fingers crossed since majority of the funds required for this project will come from the Centre, under the National Ganga River Basin Authority scheme.\"We need to beautify 10 kms of the Hooghly riverfront from south to north. According to a moderate estimate, we need Rs 130 crore to complete the project. The Centre is supposed to contribute 70% of this amount,\" a KMC official said. Of the 10-km beautification work, only 1.5 km has been completed in the first phase and work is about to start for the second phase.Also, the KMC is engaged in renovation of some of the major ghats along the Hooghly river. \"We have started work. But we need to get uninterrupted funds from the Centre to renovate and beautify these ghats,\" an official said. The KMC now requires Rs 8.8 crore to give a new look to these ghats.Similarly, Mamata had planned to utilize central funds to renovate Nimtolla crematorium with a view to beautify the area where the last rites of Rabindranath Tagore were performed. \"We have reserved a large chunk of land for Tagore as he was cremated here. The plan was to turn the place into a Tagore Memorial on the lines of Rajghat in Delhi. Here again, 80% of the estimated Rs 14.5 crore will come from the Centre. We hope we don't have to wait long for funds,\" a senior KMC official said on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510456", "title": "State borrows Rs 200 cr from market", "text": "PANAJI: With its targeted revenue collection from mining falling short, the state government has borrowed Rs 200 crore from the market.On September 18, the government issued Goa government stocks (securities) for a tenure of 10 years. \"The stocks will come into effect from September 20, 2012, and will be repaid at par on September 20, 2022,\" states the order issued by principal secretary B Vijayan.The order further states that the proceeds of the loans will be utilized for financing capital expenditure in connection with the development programmes of the government of Goa. The programmes are not specified.The government had set a target of over Rs 800 crore as earnings from mining royalty for 2012-13. Sources said the government has so far collected Rs 400 crore, which is already Rs 60 crore short of the target. With mining activities in the state in a turmoil following the Shah commission report on illegal mining, the government's revenue target is expected to further fall short by at least Rs 400 crore.Stressing that the borrowing from the market had nothing to do with what is happening in the mining industry in the state at the moment, an official of the state finance department told STOI, on condition of anonymity, that such borrowings are regular. These borrowings are also defined by the planning commission, stressed the official.\"The state's borrowing limit, set by the planning commission, is Rs 1,300 crore per year. It has the approval to borrow Rs 600 crore up to the end of September. But it has so far borrowed only Rs 350 from the market,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510957", "title": "Rescued tiger cub critical", "text": "BHOPAL: The condition of a paralyzed tiger cub, rescued from a pit in the forest area and undergoing treatment at Van Vihar Zoo-cum-animal rescue and rehabilitation centre here since Wednesday, is critical. The 9-month old wild cub was given four bottles of IV fluid on Saturday, officials said.The cub was brought from Kathotia forest in Sehore to Van Vihar three days ago. It has taken just a speck of meat given to it, official sources said.\"The cub has no external injury on its body. The exact reason for paralysis has not been ascertained. However, doctors found multiple wounds on its hind limbs possibly caused after he dragged himself because of immovability,\" an official said.\"The cub might have been left behind by the tigress after it suffered paralytic attack. It is very weak and feeble,\" he said.The cub was brought to Van Vihar after the ground duty forest officials spotted it in a pit in a serious state in adjoining Sehore district.The cub was brought from Kathotia forest in Sehore to Van Vihar three days ago", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16510613", "title": "Mysoreans to get Kabini water", "text": "MYSORE: Drinking water from river Kabini will be Dasara gift to Mysoreans. The deadline for the supply of water from Kabini has been extended as the civil and electrical works of the project are still not completed.It will take a fortnight for officials to complete civil works of the Kabini water supply scheme, and the trial supply will begin on October 6.Reviewing the progress of work at Bidargudlu, 20km from here, on Saturday, district minister S A Ramdas said: \"Civil works were to be over in August, but were delayed. They will be completed by the last week of September.\"In the first phase, 60 million litres per day (MLD) will be pumped. The project, designed to supply 180 MLD, will be taken up in phases. Ramdas said that water will be supplied according to requirement. \"Water will be supplied to the residents before Dasara, after the trial run,\" he added.Kabini water project covers Srirampura, JP Nagar, Mahadevapura, Ramakrishnanagar, Kuvempunagar, TK Layout, Thonachi Koppal, Vijayanagar IV Stage, Dattagalli, Vidyanagar, Chamundipuram, Vishweshwaranagar and Sharadadevinagar. \"The river water will replace borewell water being supplied to the southern part of the city,\" the minister said.The project was implemented under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission at a cost of Rs 108 crore. Till date, Rs 72 crore has been released for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16510803", "title": "Efforts to promote cycling are worth emulating", "text": "The use of dynamos to generate electricity is ages old, but the idea of using such power to illuminate the centre of Karnataka's Nada Habba is innovative. Though the bicycles will light up only a part of the Mysore Palace, it's an eye-catching demo of the advantages of using bicycles. Visitors to the palace during Dasara can do their bit for eco-friendly illumination. The district administration's efforts to promote cycling are worth emulating.Related story:  Pedal power will light up Mysore Palace", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511910", "title": "The girl who goes out and saves widows", "text": "She's just 13 but carries the weight of grave issues on her slender shoulders. Issues as serious as the plight of widows in a traditional, male-dominated society where they have no voice. Jyoti Yadav, a Class VIII student from Dabadwas , Rajasthan, learnt early in life that fighting for a just cause wasn't easy. But she plodded on nonetheless and today, is a source of inspiration to others in her village.Her mission began even before she was born. That's when Jyoti's father passed away and her 17-yearold widowed mother faced stigma. Jyoti grew up in an extended household where her mother's presence was frowned upon, where she was banished from marriages and other celebratory functions and where she wasn't spoken to properly. All this left a deep impact on the delicate sensibilities of this young child.As she grew up and attended school, Jyoti started questioning the skewed mores and hypocrisy of her society. Speaking from Dabadwas, Jyoti in a childlike voice says with a wisdom far beyond her years, \"There is no honour for widows in our society . In my village, they aren't allowed to come out of the house and mix with others, they aren't allowed to wear nice clothes and their very presence is considered an ill-omen . I wanted to change all that.\"She saw the humiliation and disrespect heaped on her mother but was too young to know how to bring about a change. So, she approached the head teacher in her school, Sangeeta Yadav, and found out more about the plight of widows in India. Knowing that she needed more support from authorities, she approached the sarpanch of her village, Bhagwati Devi. Hearing her concerns, Devi was enthused enough to convene meetings to rid the village of this age-old custom.In 2010, Jyoti started campaigning for this cause. She went from house to house trying to convince people to change their attitude towards widows. \"Initially, nobody listened to me as I was so small. Often , I would be thrown out. But I didn't lose courage and went right back. I also used to do nukkad nataks (street plays) with 4-5 friends as taught by my teachers. Eventually, the elders decided to give me a hearing butI had to face quite a bit of opposition, especially from the men. They couldn't digest that a girl was breaking their customs and would beat us up,\" she says. But that hardly mattered. Jyoti says with practiced ease, \"Log tho aise hi hai (People are like that only). If it helps improve society, I don't mind.\" Her efforts finally paid off. Widows, like her mother, are now employed as anganwadi workers and are paid Rs 3,500 monthly.Jyoti, incidentally studies in Satya Bharti Government Upper Primary School which is part of the Bharti Foundation, a philanthropic group set up in 2000 to provide quality education to underprivileged children in rural India. It has 254 schools in Punjab, Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal.In recognition of her efforts, Jyoti became a National Honoree at the Pramerica Spirit of Community Awards 2012, an international contest for student-led community initiatives , and represented India in Washington DC in May. She will also be taking part in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon on September 30 and the funds she raises will be used to promote literacy.She's naturally an inspiration for her friends who say they want to work with her. Jyoti also has an elder sister in Class IX. Her mother, Mukesh Devi is proud of her courageous daughter. \"After my husband's demise, my in-laws wouldn't even talk to me properly. I felt like a burden on them. I would often cry. Now, things have changed for the better . I have the freedom to lead a normal life and earn for my family.\"Jyoti, meanwhile, wants to continue the good work. Her next mission is more daunting \u2014 she wants to get widows remarried. But eventually , she wants to become a doctor.The healing touch continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511534", "title": "Bye, hockey-stick cop", "text": "It's a transfer order that has had an immediate and visible effect on Maximum City. After months of protests and hand-wringing over assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Vasant Dhoble's highhandedness in enforcing laws, his shift to the suburban police divisions of Santa Cruz (East) and Vile Parle (East) has come as a breath of fresh air to the Maharashtra capital's nightlife. Ankur Vaid, founder-partner of Party Hard Drivers (PHD), a company that offers drivers for hire at night, says, \"Restaurants and bars have gone back to staying open late and people are also hanging out till the wee hours. Consequently, we've had an increase in the number of people calling in.\" The new posting was initiated last month when former commissioner of police (CP) Arup Patnaik was promoted to a new wing launched to protect VIPs. Patnaik was the man behind Dhoble and had asked him to regulate Mumbai's nightlife. His removal from the CP's post and the arrival of a new man there, Satyapal Singh, led to a chain of events. This included the disbanding of the dreaded Social Service Branch headed by Dhoble and culminated in his transfer. But immediate and swift reactions of joy to the news have also given way to reflection. Nikhil Hemrajani, who will on September 30 inaugurate Sitara Studios, Mumbai's newest music venue, remains apprehensive. \"About a month ago, I was worried regarding the inauguration's timing,\" he says. \"With existing venues getting pulled up for no real fault of their own, it seemed dicey. Dhoble's transfer feels good for now. But tomorrow another guy might walk in and the nightmare could begin all over again. We need to look into our archaic laws.\" Hemrajani himself has had to check on a labyrinth of laws and paperwork. \"If you get a licence for a discotheque , then you can't get one for live gigs. At discos you can't have live music, and at live gigs you can't have people dancing.No matter what, you're bound to break a few laws along the way.\" That's a strange way for a global city to function. Jeremie Horowitz, co-owner of Cafe Zoe, tends to agree. Dhoble may be gone now, but he was just doing his job, Horowitz says. \"Unless the law is amended, someone else will fill his shoes eventually.\" The drama drummed up by Dhoble had a very public face and the outcry was no less public. He almost shook the city up with his late night raids, often wielding a hockey stick. His stringent enforcement of the much-derided drinking permit received the most criticism, with a chunk of the citizenry crying itself hoarse over the law. But former IPS officer Y P Singh explains that change may not come that easy. \"The permit to drink falls under the Bombay Prohibition Act of 1949 and will be tough to amend,\" Singh says. \"Mumbai's nightlife is targeted at the upwardly mobile. But the lawmakers have to bear the entire spectrum of people in mind. The Act is applicable across Maharashtra. Even the mention of an amendment faces massive resistance from women's groups in rural areas. This, unfortunately , is not highlighted by our media . Women in districts and talukas across the state wouldn't want any amendments because they're worried their men will hit the bottle harder.\" While the Prohibition Act could be tough to crack, the Bombay Police Act of 1951, which gives the police autonomy to decide what constitutes offensive' or 'disorderly' conduct, is specific to the city and can be ironed out. This Act, which also regulates licensing in the city, has been in the news for the past few months because several crackdowns on nightlife have been done using it. \"Anomalies in the law vis-a-vis place of public entertainment can surely be rectified. Licensing, which falls under Section 33 of the Bombay Police Act, can do with immediate attention ,\" adds Singh. Mumbai, unlike other cities in India, is known for its throbbing nightlife and many feel enforcing some laws that could do with a little correction at the cost of a city's character is sheer short-sightedness . They advise a middle path and point out to revamped cities like Manchester and New York, metros that are known for their freedom and 'you're fine as long as you don't cross the line' attitude towards people. Mumbai, of course, has a long way to catch up. But there are many, both local residents and tourists, who are hoping Dhoble's exit from the party scene will herald more liberal times ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510759", "title": "Dubai dream crashes at Ahmedabad airport for 42 senior citizens", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They had packed all the excitement and donned their travel shoes to take their first ever foreign tour to Dubai. However, dreams of this group of 42 senior citizens crashed when they reached Ahmedabad international airport on Thursday night. The airlines officials told them there are no bookings in their names.The senior citizens, most of whom were carrying a list of places they will see in Dubai and items they will shop, got in arguments with the travel agent accompanying them at the airport but gave up soon and returned back home.The group had members of a senior citizens' club in Maninagar which had booked their four-day Dubai tour two months ago through city-based Gopi Krishna travels for Rs 33,525 per person. The promoter of the travel agency, Natwarlal Mistry had hired services of an airline ticketing company Passworld Travels to do a group booking for September 20 in FlyDubai. Mistry paid the ticketing company 25 per cent of the total fare a month back but failed to pay the rest amount.\"The ticketing company officials weren't picking up phone and assuming that the tickets would have been booked, we left for the airport,\" said Mistry. However, the senior citizens and Passworld Travels officials have levelled charges against Mistry for trying to dupe them and even approached Isanpur police officials for help.\"Mistry gave 25 per cent of the total Rs 7.77 lakh fare for 42 people which I paid to the airlines. But later despite our repeated follow up he didn't pay the remaining amount so the group booking was cancelled by the airlines,\" said Premlata Dham, proprietor of Passworld Travels.She alleged that Mistry wanted her to pay the remaining amount which he would have never given back after the trip is made.FlyDubai officials said they waited for long for the agent to pay up the remaining amount but they never turned up. The senior citizens approached Isanpur police on Friday evening. Mistry has returned money to seven members of the group and promised to pay up the rest soon in front of police officials. The senior citizens, many in their late 70's or early 80's, have decided not lodge a complaint if Mistry pays them back.\"A few months ago, we all felt that we are missing on life and should at least make one foreign tour. Many of us used their savings, others took money from their children and paid to the travel agent only to return home from airport,\" said Chiman Patel, president of the senior citizens club\"I and my wife were all excited for the tour. The agent told that we will visit the tallest building of world in Dubai and even go for desert safari. Returning back from the airport was my life's biggest disappointment,\" added Kirit Patel, a member of the group.\"I work with Railways and all fellow staffers and friends knew about my Dubai tour. For the last one month, I had been planning about things I will do in Dubai. I used all my savings to take the trip as I wanted to take a foreign tour once in life,\" Urvashiben Patel, 60, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509644", "title": "State government to continue providing security", "text": "BANGALORE: The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) began collecting toll from vehicle users returning from the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) under heavy security.The state government, for its part, informed the high court that it will continue to provide police protection to Navayuga Devanahalli Tollway Pvt Ltd.Commuters will have to pay the toll on their way back from the airport. Though the high court had cleared the toll collection early this month, the NHAI, fearing trouble, said it would not commence collection unless given police protection.Counsel for the petitioner company informed the court that police protection was provided from Saturday morning. Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar recorded the submissions from both sides and adjourned the hearing.The petitioner claimed that as per the State Support Agreement, the Karnataka government is bound to provide protection to it at the time of toll collection. It has to ensure that there are no trespassers on the highway.The toll collection was objected to by taxi drivers' cabbie associations, which demanded the NHAI first complete the highway upgradation project. The upgradation project includes six-laning of the roads and two laned-service roads on either sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "16510312", "title": "7 from Andhra Pradesh go missing on their way to Bhatkal", "text": "KARWAR: Seven persons who were coming to Bhatkal from Vijayawada in Andhra Pradesh have gone missing.The name of the missing persons are given by their relatives as Bibi Fathima W/o Imran Mashaikh, 25, Bibi Salma Syed Afsar, 23, Syed Hajibi, 15, Irfan Imran Mashaikh, 4, Khatija Amreen Imran, 4 months, Syed Sabir Syed Afsar, 4, and Syed Bashira Syed Afsar, 1. All had left for Bhatkal on September 11, from Vijayawada and were supposed to reach Bhatkal the next day. They left by a train to Hubli and were planning to come Bhatkal by bus from Hubli. Mobiles of Fathima and Salma are switched off for the past 12 days.A case has been registered in Vijayawada II Town Police Station said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16515102", "title": "Hazare decides not to accept fund collected during stir despite Kejriwal's offer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite strong demands from his supporters, Anna Hazare has decided not to ask activist Arvind Kejriwal to return money collected during the anti-corruption agitation though the latter had offered to give it back.During a meeting here soon after the group split, Hazare was urged by volunteers that they should ask Kejriwal-led Public Cause Research Foundation to return the money but the activist told them that he had already refused to take it.Sources, who attended the meeting, claimed that Hazare told the meeting that Kejriwal offered to return money but he asked him to keep it.The volunteers were of the view that they would need money to organise the movement but Hazare felt that they have to built a new movement and the issue of money should not be a point of fight, they said.Hazare parted ways with Kejriwal-led group on September 19 over the issue of the anti-corruption movement taking a plunge into politics. The discussion on the issue came up at a meeting, which was also attended by Kiran Bedi , held at Maharashtra Sadan the next day.Kejriwal had offered a cheque more than once to Hazare after differences erupted over the issue of forming a political party, the sources said. Kejriwal went to Ralegan Siddhi and offered a cheque but Hazare refused to take it.They said Hazare was of the view that they should try to get a copy of the volunteer's list. \"They can give us a copy and keep one with them. What is the harm in it?\" Hazare was quoted as saying.India Against Corruption led by Kejriwal refused to comment on the issue.Meanwhile, Hazare's close aide Suresh Pathare on Saturday resigned from his office citing personnel reasons.\"I think I will not be able to devote full time to the movement. But I will work in the capacity of a volunteer as Anna would wish,\" he said.When asked whether he will join the political party to be formed by Kejriwal, he answered in the negative. The sources claimed that villagers have reservations about Pathare and this led to his resignation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16514368", "title": "Naveen Jindal tops executive pay chart with Rs 73.4cr package", "text": "NEW DELHI: Naveen Jindal has topped the executive pay charts for listed companies in the country with a package of Rs 73.42 crore for the last fiscal 2011-12, which grew by over Rs 6 crore from previous year.Jindal, chairman and managing director of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd (JSPL), was followed by Sun TV Network's Kalanithi and Kavery Maran (Rs 57.01 crore each), Hero MotoCorp's Pawan Munjal (Rs 34.47 crore) and Brijmohan Lall Munjal (Rs 34.44 crore) among the five top-paid executives.These pay packages include salary, perquisites, profit-linked incentives or commissions and other benefits.Jindal has remained top-paid executive for the second consecutive year now, after he dislodged Kalanithi Maran from the pole position in the year 2010-11.The collective pay of the 10 top-paid executives rose by Rs 43 crore (over 12 per cent) to Rs 387 crore in fiscal ended March 31, 2012, as per the data available with the companies that have so far published their respective annual reports.Interestingly, the pay packages declined for only two -- Kalanithi and Kavery Maran -- among these ten in 2011-12, while all others saw their remunerations fatten in the year.Madras Cements' P R R Rajha was ranked 6th (Rs 29.34 crore), followed by Maruti Suzuki's Shinzo Nakanishi (Rs 28.14 crore), BGR Energy's BG Raghupaty (Rs 25.98 crore), Tata Motors' former chief Carl-Peter Forster (Rs 23.97 crore) and Divi's Labs' Murali K Divi (Rs 23.15 crore).Reliance Industries chief Mukesh Ambani , once the country's highest-paid executive, was not in the top-ten and was ranked 15th with a remuneration of Rs 15 crore, which has remained unchanged for four consecutive years now.Those ranked higher than Ambani include Bharti Airtel's Sunil Mittal (Rs 21.3 crore), Hindalco's D Bhattacharya (Rs 19.5 crore), JSW Steel's Sajjan Jindal (Rs 18.18 crore) and Amara Raja Batteries' Jayadev Galla (Rs 17.23 crore).Among these, Mittal and Sajjan Jindal saw their packages decline during the year 2011-12.The collective remuneration of 15 highest-paid executives rose by about Rs 38 crore to Rs 478 crore.Interestingly, there are only four sensex companies, whose top executives figure among the ten top-paid persons.However, a majority of the sensex companies, which are considered as the country's top-30 blue chip firms, saw their top executives' packages rise 2011-12, even as industry titans like Mukesh Ambani, Kumar Mangalam Birla, Azim Premji and Sunil Mittal either took a pay cut or capped their salaries.Mukesh's younger brother Anil Ambani also saw his total remuneration from the four main companies of Reliance Group fall by nearly two-third during the year, although none of his group firms are currently part of the sensex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513120", "title": "Bandra boy with a London debut", "text": "Corporate lawyer Farhad Sorabjee hits creative jackpot with the UK premiere of his play and his novel's London launch all in the same week.You'd be forgiven for thinking this is Farhad Sorabjee's nth book. Fact is, it's just his first. The compelling fluency with which the writer, eyes misleadingly more dreamy than he really is, has fine-crafted God on Every Wind, assures he is no ordinary wordsmith.We both grew up in gentle Bandra of the 1960s and '70s, which is where he chooses to start layering the evocative narrative. But we chatted only eight years ago when I profiled him, fresh from writing the script of Hard Places, a play that opens with siblings Aziz and Saira plotting to rescue their mother from across the border.Last week, in a gratifying double bill of sorts, the corporate lawyer-playwright saw the curtain go up on the gritty play with its UK premiere, just a day before his publishers, Parthian, launched his debut novel at the Red Lion Bookshop in Colchester.As much about evolving personalities as it is about shifting politics, the book that's available online and scheduled to launch in India soon, tests themes of love and longing, betrayed faith and tired idealism, fragile friendships and life-changing battles. Lyrical to lethal, the prose slips between romance and rebellion fluidly. Sorabjee says he warmed up to fiction while contributing to The Elphinstonian, a magazine published by Elphinstone College where he was a student of Economic Honours.In a way, his profession fed the writing dream. \"Much like drafting a legal argument and then running your pen through tracts, it's vital to pace things after checking where they jump, where they waver. Yet, a writer must instinctively know when to cut off and stay with the consequences of letting go. Overrevision is dangerous and can make mess of a book,\" says Sorabjee, a big believer of ruthless editing, as we share a chat at Ballard Estate's Cafe Universal.Etched with benign to brutal characters whose lives are chronicled in engaging detail and rhythmic cadence (the title itself from William Blake's visionary verse), God on Every Wind makes a rich read. Here is accomplished writing that sweeps across vastly different time and turf with uncommon grace. If civil war-torn Africa dominates the second half of the book, poignant passages on Indian Independence occupy the early chapters. Born of interesting mixed parentage, feisty Philomena DaCruz is attracted to Nestor Musambe on a Bombay street. Following him to the land of his roots forces the question: How far should limits of individual and national revolution stretch?Writing is \"lonely and unglamorous\" according to Sorabjee, who squeezes his passion into a day packed with legal matters and being father to a 12 and eight-yearold with wife Anu Chowdhury-Sorabjee, key member of artisans' foundation Paramparik Karigar.But he is far from done. There is the desire to pack in music, too. Confessing he wants to learn the cello \u2014 \"a beautiful instrument\" \u2014 Sorabjee admits to having tried notes of a few preferred jazz pieces on the saxophone.Back from the interview, I return to the book, savouring mention of keenly observed middleclass obsessions and suburban comfort marks \u2014 that familiar bend in the road, a church spire in the distance, the ice factory, lighthouse and bazaar, not forgetting the little main street-fronting sandalwood shop that's still quaintly perched where it always was.Write on Bandra boy. Or, as Narayan Kenkre, the memorable minister's character in the book might expansively hail him today, Mumbai cha mulga!mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16510837", "title": "Budding engineers turn soldiers", "text": "BHOPAL: Budding engineers from the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) displayed their combat skills at the 'Warriors Combat' event organized by the Rotaract Club at the campus here on Saturday. The participants, who specialize in understanding the vexed mechanics, electronics and building up of almost all equipments and gadgets that make life simple for common man donned the uniform to showcase their alertness and fitness in combat.The competition was aimed to make the students aware about the difficulties faced by soldiers during combat situations.ISN Veer team bagged the first position. The enthusiasm of the students for the event could be gauged from the fact that 250 budding engineers participated. However, after screening, only 45 students including six girls were selected for the final round.General secretary of Rotaract Club, Meenal Nagdavne, selected students were divided into 9 teams. The event was conducted in two rounds. In the first round, IQ test was held while in the main event, bull's eye shooting, mud crawling and obstacle race were organised. INS Veer, Kumaon Regiment and Phalcon grabbed the first three positions.Students felt that such activities help them in understanding problems faced by soldiers at the border during a war. \"It appears easy while watching them on TV. However, after participating in the event, I realised how tough is the life of a soldier,\" second year architecture student, Sooraj Kaurav of INS Veer said.INS Veer captain, Meraj Ahmed gave credit to the team for its winning performance.\"All team members were better in shape. Besides, most of them have been into sports in the past which helped us win the event,\" Ahmed said. Hailing the concept of the organisers, second year mechanical student, Meraj said, \"I would love to participate again in such events.\"Even girls went on to display the combat skills. Debahuti Baruah, member of the INS Brahmaputra enthusiastically participated in all the events. \"This is the first time I am involved with such an activity and I find it quite interesting. I learned few new things,\" second year architecture student, Debahuti said. She wishes to participate again in such events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16515393", "title": "Babies\u2019 day out", "text": "Vishnu Manchu and Viranica's twin daughters \u2014 Viviana and Ariana \u2014 were spotted on their debut filmi outing. The duo made their first public appearance at the launch of their dad's upcoming film Denikaina Ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16510367", "title": "Japanese tourist rescued at Vagator", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Japan was rescued from drowning off Vagator beach on Friday afternoon.Drishti personnel state Thakorow Omesey, 19, was spotted by lifeguards swimming in a non-swim zone at at 4.40pm. The area, which is about 100 meters south of the Vagator lifeguard tower, has a permanent rip current. The Japanese tourist began struggling in the water and started gesturing for help to those on the shore. Lifeguard Rama Mainkar spotted the tourist and immediately rushed to his assistance with a rescue tube and secured him, while another life guard Rajesh Dhuri reached the spot with a rescue board.Omesey was then safely brought to the shore and allowed to go as he had not suffered any injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509589", "title": "Violence in Bangla, over 30 injured", "text": "Hundreds of activists of Islamic parties protesting against an anti-Islam film on Saturday defied a ban on rallies in Bangladesh and clashed with riot police, who fired tear gas and used batons to disperse stone-pelting demonstrators leaving at least 30 people injured. The protest came on the eve of a nationwide shutdown called by a coalition of 12 small Islamic groups, whose 40 activists were arrested while they were trying to carry out a demonstration against the anti-Islam film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509460", "title": "Jeweller cheated of 13.85 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons cheated a jewellery shop by giving fake cheques while buying a gold jewellery worth Rs 13.85 lakh. According to the police, the incident took place on Friday morning when three persons who introduced themselves businessmen entered the shop situated in the Jhotwara locality in the city and bought the jewellery.\"The accused identified as Sushil, Ved Prakash and Ashok purchased jewellery worth Rs 13.85 lakh. They paid the said amount through cheques. Later, when the jeweller deposited the cheques in the bank on Friday afternoon, he was stunned as the cheques were dishonored by the bank. Initially, he attempted to speak to the clients but the contact numbers given by the fraudsters were fake,\" a senior police officer of Jhotwara police station said on Saturday quoting the FIR lodged by the victim.Police said these accused visited the jeweller in a luxury vehicle and were also behaving like businessmen. They claimed that they have their factories in the outskirts of Jaipur, the police quoted the jeweler as saying.\"We have registered a case of cheating against the accused and are trying to trace their locations,\" the officer said.Police said such cases were earlier witnessed in Johari Bazaar as well. \"We are in touch with the police at Manak Chowk and Kotwali to find out if they had booked some accused who had taken similar modus operandi to cheat jewellers,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510184", "title": "2-year-old girl succumbs to injuries", "text": "NAGPUR: After battling for life for a week, 2-year-old Puja Parate succumbed to her injuries suffered when she slipped from the stairs at an under-construction building at Manish Nagar in Sonegaon area last Thursday.On the morning of September 13, Puja's parents, both labourers, were busy working at the site when Puja was playing on the stairs. She slipped and tumbled down the stairs causing head injuries. She was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), where she died during treatment on Thursday evening.11-year-old hit by StarbusAn 11-year-old boy was hit by a Starbus while crossing the road near Zenda Square under the jurisdiction of Kotwali police station on Friday morning. Aniket Shrirame, a resident of Shivaji Nagar, is undergoing treatment at Ward no. 4 at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Shrirame was walking home from school when the speeding Starbus driver hit him and fled away. Kotwali police are yet to arrest the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16515370", "title": "Chess school plans get a fillip", "text": "MUMBAI: Plans to set up a residential chess school in the state received a boost on Friday. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan supported plans of setting up such a facility. Chess grandmaster Abhijeet Kunte had earlier approached the government with a request to allot 20,000 sq ft land for setting up one such facility.Chess players Isha Karvade and Soumya Swaminathan who belong to the state and were part of a team that stood fourth in the World Chess Olympiad met CM Chavan on Friday. Also present for the meeting was junior national champion Rucha Pujari.Besides congratulating the trio for their efforts, Chavan asked officials to pursue the plans for setting up the academy. Kunte was present during the interaction. The grandmaster has sought a piece of land in Pune. Residential chess schools are common in chess power houses like Russia and China. The plan is to use the facility to infuse fresh talent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509084", "title": "Can\u2019t disown child for lure of political position: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The \"interests of children\" cannot be sacrificed for the \"lure of political office\", said the Bombay high court as it recently dismissed a former panchayat member's appeal that his son from an earlier marriage should not be counted for the two-child norm.Ashok Chaugule had contended that he cannot be counted as the boy's father as he had handed over custody to his ex-wife wife. Besides the son from the first marriage which ended in divorce, Chaugule has two children from his present marriage.Chaugule, a former gram panchayat member of Tardal village in Kolhapur district, had move the HC after he was disqualified from office following a complaint that he violated section 14 (1) (j1) of the Bombay Village Panchayats Act. The section mandates that no panchayat member should have more than two children. Chaugule's appeal against the disqualification before the appellate authority was rejected.Chaugule had petitioned that the law could only be invoked when a person has more than two kids from a single marriage. He argued that only his second marriage is relevant and not the first, which was dissolved. He also underlined that his son's permanent custody is with his ex-wife.But Justice S C Dharmadhikari said Chaugule's matrimonial \"relation may have ended\" but the \"obligation and duty as parents of children born from such a relation continues\". \"The petitioner claims that after having handed over the custody of the child from his previous marriage to his first wife, he cannot be treated as his father,\" the judge wrote in his September 5 verdict. \"But the petitioner is the father of the child and continues as such.\"The court said that if people \"like the petitioner are expected to...act as true representatives of the people, their personal and social conduct should be blemishless\".\"If population control, public health and morality are the standards and norms set by law, then no escape route should be permitted or else...mischief can never be prevented nor can the malady removed,\" Justice Dharmadhikari wrote. \"For the lure or wish of a political office to fulfil political ambitions, the interests of children cannot be permitted to be sacrificed while complying with the statutory conditions and required norms.\"Rebuffing Chaugule's argument that only kids from his second marriage be considered, the court said that, for the two-child norm, all marriages must be kept in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16509730", "title": "Work to start soon on national highway-24 underpass", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has finalized technical bids for construction of an underpass at the Model Town crossing on NH 24. The project aims to decongest the stretch between Noida and Ghaziabad on the highway. The financial bids will be finalized on September 28, whereupon construction will begin.A consultant has been appointed by the Authority already to chalk out the plans along with NHAI. The Authority claims work will begin next month. The traffic movement from Noida to NH-24 via Sector 62 and towards Delhi and Ghaziabad is expected to be streamlined within six months, as the Authority plans to develop signal-free intersections by building underpasses where link roads meet the busy highway.The Authority will construct three underpasses on a 6km stretch along the highway that will open into Khoda colony, NIB Chowk and Model Town chowki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513568", "title": "Beauty, with a purpose", "text": "Actress Kristen Stewart shows how to hide your emotions in public \u2014 go smokey eyesThere is no smoke without fire. Or in troubled Hollywood actress Kristen Stewart's case, smokey eyes without a fight. The Twilight star, who's in the news for cheating on boyfriend and co-actor Robert Pattinson , has made intelligent make-up her veil to hide the pain of a very public break-up. Not only did the press and Twilight fans slam Stewart for having an affair with Snow White and the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders, she was criticised for \"flirting with\" actor James Franco during the Toronto Film Festival.But Stewart knows better than to break in the face of despair. For her first red carpet appearance since the festival \u2014 a screening of her new film On the Road in New York \u2014 the actress pulled out a clever beauty trick: dramatic smokey eyes and heavy eyeliner.Why it worksThey don't say 'eyes are the windows to the soul' for nothing. Research suggests that your eyes are the most telling indicators of emotional turmoil. Dark circles, bags under the eyes and a general lack in lustre are only three of the outcomes of a glum state of mind. Smokey eyes skillfully camouflage these conditions, yet preserve a certain sense of vulnerability on a woman's face.How to get itYou need 2-3 different types of eyeshadow \u2014 a creamy white for the inner eyelid, a dark shade (the deepest brown or dark grey), and a metallic light grey or blue \u2014 apart from black eyeliner and thick black mascara. Start with a clean lid. With a brush, apply the white shadow to your inner eyelid. Overlapping just a little, apply the dark shade to the rest of your eyelid away from the eyebrows. Brush the metallic shadow underneath the arch of your brow. Gently run a clean finger over your entire eyelid to blend the eye make-up. Finish off with a dark eyeliner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16508982", "title": "Ambulances in practice of faking emergency to zip through traffic", "text": "HYDERABAD: The traffic police's reluctance to rein in the 'lal batti' fetish of VIPs who blare their way through the traffic now has a side effect. Knowing that they would get away with using their emergency sirens, many small ambulance drivers are using them indiscreetly, even in non-emergency situations.During random checks conducted by the traffic police in the recent past, some inspectors were surprised to find families of the drivers seated inside small ambulances while, on many occasions, the vehicles were empty. The drivers claimed that they were rushing to attend emergencies but traffic constables admit that they do not know which to believe - their eyes or the ambulance driver.Incidentally, the ambulance service providers need no permission either from the health department or from the transport department to use the red beacon and siren except for the regular vehicle registration. Currently, there are around 550 ambulances in the city registered with the transport department. \"There is a proliferation of ambulances in the city. If they follow a code of conduct and are disciplined, it is possible for us to give some preference, otherwise we cannot help them. If there is a patient, we allow them to travel on the wrong side of the road. So far, we have only challaned the offenders; but we have plans to either seize or impose heavy fines to deter drivers from blowing the siren unnecessarily to beat the traffic,\" said CV Anand, additional commissioner, traffic.Experts say that the beacon and the siren should only be used when a patient requiring urgent medical attention is being moved. They fear that wanton use of the sirens could have a negative effect on how the public responds to ambulances on the road.\"For planned treatments such as dialysis or when a patient is being taken for diagnostic tests, there is no need to use the siren as there is no emergency. But drivers have been found to be using the siren even while shifting dead bodies,\" said Dr S Srinivas, critical care expert at Care Hospital. However, he added that the big life support ambulances attached to hospitals ensure that protocols are followed. Dr Mahesh Joshi , head of emergency at Apollo Hospitals , said that a small portion of the service providers were flouting the rules and creating a larger problem for genuine operators and patients. \"Usually, we find small ambulances coming in from other districts misusing the siren,\" said Dr Joshi. He, however, stressed that ambulances needed to be given right of way, adding that ailing patients should not be inconvenienced because of some violators as every second matters in an emergency.Around 400 to 500 emergencies are reported in the city hospitals of which an estimated 50% are catered to by the '108' ambulance service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513746", "title": "Nervous to play a 25-year-old in 'KLPD': Vivek Oberoi", "text": "Vivek Oberoi says he was apprehensive to take on the role of a 25-year-old Delhi guy in his upcoming film \" Kismat Love Paisa Dilli\".The 36-year-old, who is returning to the big screen after a gap of two years, will be seen opposite Mallika Sherawat in the romasntic comedy.\"I was nervous enacting this part. I have done many films over the years but still I was very conscious that I had to play the character of a 25-year-old. The character has his own traits which are very distinctive to him,\" Vivek told .\"He has this boyish charm even as he does these quirky, mad things and finds himself in the craziest of situations. To get the part right, I also had to modulate my voice so that it doesn't come across as too strong,\" he added.This is the first time Vivek and Mallika have been paired together on the big screen. The movie also marks the comeback for both, as Vivek was last seen in 2010 film \"Rakta Charitra\" and the actress in \"Double Dhamaal\" , which released last year.The movie is directed by Sanjay Khanduri of \"Ek Chalis Ki Last Local\" fame and will hit the theatres on October 5.Talking about the movie's story line being similar to that of Abhay Deol-starrer \"Ek Chalis Ki Last Local\", Vivek said, \"It is an extension to 'Ek Chalis Ki Last Local' in a way. It was an adventure film and that's about it. It didn't really have any deeper thing to say and was basically on the periphery.\"The actor says what he likes about the movie is its different title.\"What I love about the film is that it transitions through the whole title. The meaning of all four is well integrated into the narrative due to which you get the symbolism of 'kismat', 'love', 'paisa' and 'dilli' in a person's life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509642", "title": "Singing CEOs help ill kids", "text": "BANGALORE: For once, they forgot their boardroom meetings and targets. Eight CEOs came together on Saturday to raise funds for poor, critically ill children.And they did so by singing at the event organised by Genesis Foundation. Some of India's top corporate heads enthralled a gathering of over 120 corporate and high net worth individuals with their impressive singing at the ITC Gardenia. The 6th edition of the annual event hopes to raise Rs 11 lakh which will go towards the treatment of 10 children in need of surgery for cardiac disorders, treatment for cancer and thalassemia. The event is part of the foundation's ongoing endeavour to increase the number of children whose lives can be saved each year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16511840", "title": "Modi's words worth", "text": "The Gujarat CM's speeches have metamorphosed in keeping with his ambitions. Now that he could be the BJP's prime ministerial candidate in 2014, the text reads different. Sunday Times followed his Vivekananda Yatra to spot the differenceThere are many similarities between the two Narendra Modi yatras - the one that he called the Gujarat Gaurav Yatra and undertook just before the 2002 assembly elections and the one now, exactly 10 years later, that has been labeled the Vivekananda Yatra. Both cut across the length and breadth of Gujarat, both kicked off the BJP's campaign for assembly polls and both revolved around the persona of Modi and his oratory.Yet, the two yatras are also poles apart. The one in 2002 helped Modi come back to power as Gujarat's chief minister . The one in 2012 reflects his prime ministerial ambitions and desire to drive all the way to Delhi. It also shows, on the face of it, a much mellowed man content at taking the sting out of his words to make himself more acceptable to a larger audience, be it Muslims or NDA allies.In September 2002, when the embers of the post-Godhra communal fires were still simmering, Modi addressed a massive public gathering at the temple town of Becharaji in north Gujarat. He made his most controversial speech there before a frenzied crowd - the infamous 'Hum paanch hamare pacchis' remark referring to family planning and Muslim polygamy.Cut to September 2012 and a modified Modi flagged off another yatra from Becharaji , now home to one of the country's biggest car factories being set up by Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , and spoke about sadbhavana. His speech focussed on development, the car plant, textile park and employment.\"While the crowd was sizeable, the electric atmosphere of 2002 was missing ,\" said a BJP leader who was present there. The Congress, however, is not ready to let Modi forget 2002 that easily. The party's general secretary, Digvijay Singh , insisted there was nothing in common between Modi and Swami Vivekananda. The yatra should have been named after Hitler , he remarked.During the two elections Modi won convincingly \u2014 in 2002 and 2007 \u2014 his speeches were laced with communal barbs. Former Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf and gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh , who was killed in a fake encounter by the Gujarat police, figured in every address then. If 'Miya Musharraf ' does not stop pointing his dirty finger at Gujarat, five crore people of the state will not hesitate to chop off his hand and teach him a lesson, Modi would say in election speeches of 2002. In 2007, he used the fake encounter to the hilt after Congress president Sonia Gandhi called him 'Maut ka saudagar' .But much water has flown down the Sabarmati river ever since. Modi shied away from violent words almost the whole of 2008. In 2009, while campaigning ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, he started referring to the Sachar committee report to tell Gujarat's Muslims were better off than elsewhere in the country.As Modi emerges as the BJP's prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 elections \u2014 of course, the US government continues to refuse him a visa on the grounds of violating religious freedom \u2014 he feels he has been able to pacify a section of Muslims through his Sadbhavana Mission, which was flagged off on his birthday, September 17, last year. Throughout the year, Modi met Muslim delegations to discuss issues concerning the community. Why, there is even talk of the BJP fielding Muslim candidates in the upcoming assembly polls. In fact, some 4-5 Muslims even contested on the party ticket in the 2009 Junagadh municipal elections.The Sangh Parivar, though, which once saw Modi as the poster boy of Hindutva , is distancing itself from the mellowed right-winger . VHP leader Ashok Singhal, who called for replicating the 'Gujarat experiment' at a function in Amritsar in 2002, went on to equate Modi with the invader 'Mahmud Ghazni' after the Gujarat government demolished illegal temple structures in Gandhinagar. Another VHP strongman, Pravin Togadia , doesn't see eye-to-eye with Modi.He, too, has been a vocal critic of sadbhavana .Social activist Achyut Yagnik says Modi has constantly changed poll issues \u2014 from Hindutva to Gujarati pride and now development. \"He has forever created new whipping boys \u2014 Musharraf then, Rahul Gandhi now,\" he says. Sociologist Shiv Vishwanathan says Modi understands what differentiates Hindutva from Hinduism. \"Earlier, too, he used to pit Gujarat against the Centre. But now his approach has changed. He understands that if he has to go forward, he has to shun the image of a pracharak and become Mr Development. Apart from speeches, he is trying to do so with smart use of costumes too.\" There are a lot of people watching, some uncomfortably, if the image makeover will succeed, and to what extent it will impact Indian politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16509108", "title": "VSP unions serve strike notice", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The unions of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant served a strike notice on the management on Saturday to protest the proposed disinvestment. The unions have threatened to go on a 48-hour strike on October 12 and 13 to protest the proposed dilution of 10% equity. The meeting of all union leaders passed a resolution and served the strike notice to the management. All the unions in the plant had participated in the one day strike at the plant on July 25 of this year.The president of the progressive front, recognized union of the steel plant, D Adinarayana Rao alleged that the steel plant has decided to launch its initial public offer (IPO) on October 16. \"The government has been trying to sell the public sector units, which are in profits. So, the workers have to raise their voice against the government till it changes its mind,\" he urged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16512427", "title": "HR checking candidates' background on FB, Twitter, Google", "text": "SYDNEY: A majority of employers and recruiters are now using social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, search engines and criminal records to learn the truth about job seekers.A survey conducted by Australia-based software firm Nuage Software showed over half of human resource managers surveyed ran a Google search on candidates, 74 per cent checked LinkedIn, 23 per cent Facebook and three per cent Twitter.According to tech firm Nuage's managing director David Wilson, some employers are asking to view Facebook and Twitter profiles at interviews in order to avoid privacy concerns, Perth Now reports.\"The internet has a very long memory. An ill-advised or impulsive post can be rapidly replicated across many sites and be impossible to take back,\" the report quoted Wilson, as saying\"People really do enjoy the freedom of expression on social media, but it is worth considering the cumulative effect of their postings,\" he added.According to the report, Australia's National Crime Check managing director Martin Lazarevic said the variety of employers getting police checks on applicants had grown rapidly in the past six months, and as many as one in ten checks were catching people out. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16505724", "title": "New Lumia phones: Last chance for Nokia?", "text": "\"The N95 was the last great phone Nokia made,\" says Dhruv Bhutani, a technology blogger and a Nokia enthusiast, as he recalls the Finnish company's glory days.Since he fell in love with N95 in 2007, Bhutani never used a non-Nokia device as his primary phone. That was until 2011, when he decided to give iPhone 4S a chance. He used it for several months and realized it was difficult to part ways with the Apple's phone.\"Nokia made many smartphones after N95. Some good, some average and some marred by glitches. None of them came close to N95 in terms of polish, hardware and user experience,\" says Bhutani. \"But there is one phone that is as great as N95. The one made by Apple. I find iPhone 4S a complete package, the way great Nokia phones used to be.\"Bhutani is not the only Nokia enthusiast to feel this way. As the company's phones took a beating from iPhone and Android devices, many Nokia loyalists \u2014 and India is full of them \u2014 have started doubting if the company can come back from the brink.\"Nokia seems to be trying hard but its best always seem to fall short. The world has changed,\" says Bhutani. But just like thousands of other disappointed Nokia enthusiasts, Bhutani is looking forward to Lumia 920, the flagship smartphone that the company announced on September 5. Though he has found iPhones to be very good, he is ready to choose the new Lumia over iPhone 5 , the greatest and latest from Apple.\"Lumia 920 is a phone that can be the new N95. It can be perfect,\" he says.The last chance For analysts there is no question of 'can' here. They say Lumia 920 and Lumia 820 that are powered by Windows Phone 8 'have' to be perfect.\"If the new Lumia phones fail, it is going to be devastating for Nokia. It is really their last chance to get back into the game. If they blow this up or if it doesn't work out, it is going to be too late for them to come back convincingly,\" says Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst with Gartner.The problem for Nokia is that so far its attempts to turn things around have yielded little result. Patrick Moorhead, president and founder of research firm Moor Insights and Strategy, believes Nokia made two crucial mistakes in the past.\"Nokia missed two major inflection points, apps and touch. While the Symbian OS had some of the first apps, Nokia didn't invest to make it a massive ecosystem with easy to use tools. It also ignored the touchscreen at a time when Apple and Google bet everything on a high quality, capacitive touch-first environment,\" says Moorhead.Nokia realized its mistake a few years ago but by that time iPhone and Android juggernauts were rolling and gathering pace.In the early 2011, Nokia CEO Stephen Elop wrote a candid memo to his employees. \"Nokia, our platform is burning,\" he wrote, citing the example of a man who found his ship burning and had to jump in icy cold water. \"The burning platform, upon which the man found himself, caused the man to shift his behaviour, and take a bold and brave step into an uncertain future... Now, we have a great opportunity to do the same.\"And true to the story, Nokia took a bold step. It decided to jump from 'Symbian the Burning Platform' and selected Microsoft's Windows Phone as the OS for its future phones in the early 2011. It was a jump in the icy cold water.The partnership bore its first fruit in October 2011 when Nokia announced Lumia 800 and Lumia 710. While the phones looked good on the paper, they were not very well received by buyers despite a marketing blitz that saw Nokia spending millions of dollars. Lumia 920 and Lumia 820 too look good on paper. But for now analysts are wary of terming them Nokia's saviours.Gupta believes that the new Lumia phones are flagship devices and they are going to change little for Nokia. \"They will sell in limited quantities. High-end phones are one part of the story. Nokia also needs killer devices with a price of around $150 that can help it in markets like India and China,\" he says.Moorhead is cautiously optimistic. \"The new Lumia phones have many distinctive features that set them apart from iPhones and Android-based phones. These are features like very high-performing PureView cameras, NFC for simpler pairing with connected devices, ceramic exterior, and flashy colors. But most of Nokia's success is governed by the acceptance of Windows Phone 8. If Windows Phone is accepted, the higher likelihood Nokia will do well and vice-versa,\" he says.All eyes on Windows Phone 8 One of the reasons why the earlier Lumia phones failed to take off was Windows Phone 7.5, the OS that powered them. Bhutani believes that even though it is a beautiful OS with a fresh user interface, it lacks too many important features like Bluetooth file sharing or mass storage mode to be truly useful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509913", "title": "Kolkata school principals to embark on Turkey trip", "text": "KOLKATA: Four principals of reputable city schools along with the president of Friends of Alumni, Colleges, Educational Institutes and Schools (FACES) will embark on an eight-day trip to Turkey to explore prospects of student exchange programmes and admission of city students to Turkish colleges.The five-member delegation will leave on September 26 and visit Istanbul, Anatolia and Konya to meet authorities of Seminole High School of Ankara, Faith University and Melina University among others.The initiative is part of a joint collaboration between Education Endowment Trust - which has been set up for promotion of education and culture in Turkey and India - and FACES.Besides FACES president Imran Zaki, principals of St James High School, La Martiniere for Boys, Saifee Hall and St Stephen's School at Bowbazar will be part of the team.\"We will explore possibilities of a tie-up with schools and colleges in Turkey and encourage students' exchange programmes. Children from our schools may visit their institutes for a specified time and again they shall come over to our school. It will broaden the horizon of students who will get a much-needed foreign exposure,\" said La Martiniere for Boys principal Sunirmal Chakravarthy.\"Our visit to the universities will help us get an estimate of the kind of teaching and learning process which goes on in these universities. They have sports facilities and their academies can be utilized for students to train them into good sportsmen,\" added Chakravarthy.Imran Zaki said, \"These universities offer cent percent free scholarships to around 10% to 15% students. The three criteria are - a good score, basic knowledge of English and a financially weaker background. Moreover, the foreign students in Turkey pay one tenth of the fee compared to Turkish residents.\"According to an estimate, students from 85 countries across the globe study at the premier Fatih University.\"There are 1500 foreign students among 17,000 students who study in the varsity,\" added Zaki. The country is also famous for providing a good sporting infrastructure. \"It will be an added focus during our tour,\" said Zaki.Mesmerising Turkish cities beckons the students from Kolkata. Four principals from eminent city schools along with Imran Zaki - President of Friends of Alumni, Colleges, Educational Institutes and Schools (Faces) will embark on a eight days trip to the cities of Istanbul, Anatalia and Konya. They will meet authorities of Samanyolu High School of Ankara, Fatih University, Mevlana University among others to discuss prospects of students exchange programme and admissions of city students to colleges after class XII for higher studies. The initiative is a part of joint collaboration between Education Endowment Trust - which has been set up for promotion of education and culture in both the countries of Turkey and India along with Faces.The five member delegation includes principal of St James High School T.H.Ireland, principal of La Martiniere Boys School Sunirmal Chakravarthy, principal of Saifee Hall Mohammed Jahangir and principal of St Stephen's School at Bowbazar.\"We will explore possibilities of a tie up with schools and colleges in Turkey and encourage students exchange programme. Children from our schools may visit their institutes for a specified time and again they shall come over to our school. It will broaden the horizon of students who will get a much needed foreign exposure,\" said Sunirmal Chakravarthy. \"Our visit to the universities will help us get an estimate of the kind of teaching and learning process which goes on in these universities. They have sports facilities and their academies can be utilised for future of students to train them into good sportsman,\" added Chakravarthy.Imran Zaki, president of FACES said, \"These universities offer cent percent free scholarships to around 10% to 15% students. The three criterion are - a good score, basic knowledge of English and a financially weaker background. Moreover, the foreign students in Turkey pays one tenth of the fee than Turkish residents.\" As per an estimate students from 85 countries across the globe study at Fatih University - a premier university. \"There are 1500 foreign students among 17,000 students who study in the varsity,\" added Zaki. The country is also famous for providing a good sporting infrastructure. \"It will be an added focus during our tour,\" said Zaki.Serif Ali Tekalan vice chancellor of Fatih University along with BurhanettinUysal - vice chancellor of Karabuk University had taken a day long tour of Kolkata in March this year to promote cultural and educational relations and to discuss educational projects and student exchange programmes between the two nations.The five members will leave the city on September 26 for eight days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514164", "title": "Deven Bhojani's memorable Vadodara trip!", "text": "Ace actor-director Deven Bhojani, who directed the hugely entertaining Sarabhai vs Sarabhaiand showed his acting prowess in shows like Dekh Bhai Dekh, Baa, Bahoo Aur Babyand the recent blockbuster film Agneepath , had this one regret.He hasn't been able to visit Vadodara in a long time, something he used to do quite frequently when he was actively involved with Gujarati theatre. So, this time, Deven jumped at the opportunity when he was invited as a judge to Paramarsh 2012 , the festival organized by the Faculty of Technology and Engineering, M S University. Says an excited Deven, \"I have always wanted to visit M S University and am glad that I finally managed to do that! And I came across some unbelievable talent while judging the street plays here! The best thing was that while the atmosphere was really competitive, there were no boos and it was healthy competition. Even the participants cheered for their competitors' plays. Such healthy spirit isn't seen at too many places and this made my Vadodara trip even more memorable.\"Asked about the state of Gujarati plays, Deven added, \"Because of my hectic TV schedules, I haven't been able to watch too many Gujarati plays of late and it won't be fair on my part to comment about recent Gujarati plays. But two plays that I have really enjoyed watching in the recent past are  Kanji Viruddh Kanji  and Welcome Zindagi .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16510035", "title": "Two Bhojpuri film actors to adopt zoo animals", "text": "PATNA: Two noted Bhojpuri film actors, including Manoj Tiwari, are willing to adopt animals at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo.According to zoo authorities, while Manoj is keen on adopting a lion, another Bhojpuri actor wants to adopt a lion and a chimpanzee or some monkeys. \"Both the actors have approached the zoo authorities for adopting animals,\" said zoo director Abhay Kumar Sharma. Both the actors said they would adopt the animals soon as they feel the people need to be made aware about animals and this initiative would help the cause.\"I have decided to adopt a lion because it is an endangered species. I plan to reach Patna on September 30 and visit the zoo to complete the formalities in this connection,\" said Manoj over phone.The Patna zoo had launched the 'Adopt an animal' scheme in July. Under the scheme, 60 animals and 40 birds have been adopted by different people, organizations and companies. \"Rs 3 lakh has been fixed for adopting a chimpanzee for one year and the zoo authorities have earned Rs 37 lakh through this scheme so far,\" Sharma said.Animals can be adopted for a maximum period of five years and minimum one month. But the whole zoo can be adopted only for a day. The sponsorship money is only for the food and healthcare of animals.Under the scheme, a signboard with the company's logo or the name of the person adopting an enclosure will be displayed outside the enclosure. However, the adoption would not allow the sponsor to touch or interfere with the diet of the animal. The sponsor would not have any right to enter the enclosure of the adopted animal either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16511313", "title": "More freedom or pressure? Students\u2019 split wide open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students are divided over the four-year degree course to be introduced next year. Some welcome the move, believing it will mean work experience and greater exposure to industry. Others feel it will only delay their getting into professional, post-graduate courses such as law. And many believe, erroneously , that it'll be the same course only with work experience factored in.\"I prefer the three-year system as I want to study law. If graduation takes four years, I will be a student for seven years instead of six,\" says first year BA programme student Shivam Pareta. There are students who are apprehensive of additional pressure. \"Our semester system is already very hectic,\" says Rachna Maurya, a second-year mathematics (honours) student. \"Four years of this will be very difficult. There has been a lot of protest against this on campus,\" says Tripti Agrawal from the same class, adding, \"We'd prefer a two-year master's degree course over a one-year postgraduate course with four years of graduation.\"But there are pluses as well. Akanksha Shidhare feels the fouryear system will work as there is \"much pressure because of the semester system.\" \"Increasing the number of years will also increase the chances of internships. Now we can't give time to anything else,\" she says. She also states with conviction, \"Our course will remain the same. That's what our teachers have told us.\"While some future DU aspirants are excited, others are apprehensive of the new system. Tanya Sahai, a humanities student in Class XII, says \"everyone is really excited about the proposed system.\" \"My dad told me we can do more than the honours subject and it all sounds interesting,\" she says, \"But we'll have to read and find out what exactly they're going to bring in.\" Sahai is considering only Delhi University . \"I'm annoyed about always being in a batch that's experimented with,\" she says. The CCE (Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation) system was introduced when she was in Class IX.A word of caution from a DU teacher: \"Whenever a change is announced , students are happy. They feel something is being done for them. But they are pleased as long as they don't know the details of that change. Once they experience it, they say purana system was better,\" says P K Parihar who teaches geography at Dyal Singh College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510747", "title": "Absconding kidnapper arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A kidnapper who was on the run after spending 11 years in the Sabarmati Central Jail was caught by the crime branch officials from Narol on Friday. Farooq Chipa, 32, was arrested after he was named in a case of vehicle theft.Crime branch head constable Tushar Gadhvi said that Farooq got involved in crime at a very young age. He used to specialize in stealing bikes and was named in 25 motorbike thefts. Later, he graduated to kidnapping children of businessmen as he saw an opportunity to mint more money there.In 2002, Farooq kidnapped a Maninagar-based businessman's son. He later released the boy after getting a ransom of Rs four lakh. In the same year, he kidnapped the son of a Surat-based businessman, who had a video-shooting company, and demanded a ransom of Rs 30 lakh. However, he got unlucky in this case as the police got a tip off. He was also involved in firing with the police. He was later arrested.A case was filed against him and the court awarded Farooq 20 years of jail term in Maninagar kidnapping case and seven years jail in Surat kidnapping case. The two jail terms were ordered to be concurrent.\"Farooq spent 11 years in the Sabarmati Central Jail. Five months ago, he applied for parole saying that his mother was seriously ill and he wanted to visit her. During this parole, he escaped and did not come back,\" said Gadhvi.After lying low for some time, Farooq returned to petty crime to earn money. He started with pick-pocketing and later returned to doing what he excelled in - stealing bikes. He recently stole a bike and a complaint was filed against him.Officials said that they had got a tip-off about Farooq, following which surveillance was set up. He was picked up from Narol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509303", "title": "Protests against 'anti-Islam' film at Masab Tank", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protests against the controversial film 'Innocence of Muslims' continued on Saturday even as messages on instant messaging services did the rounds in the city urging people to boycott YouTube and Google from September 21 to September 23 as a mark of protest for not having blocked the film. City police officials said that nine of the 17 URLs hosting the film had been blocked. However, the film remained readily available on many other sites fuelling the protests.In the fifth such protest in the city, around 300 people gathered in Masab Tank at a political party's office to condemn the controversial film. Shahbaz Khan, TDP city president, minority cell said, \"The film can still be watched on YouTube. We have demanded that the government take necessary action to completely block the film on the internet. Otherwise, we will stage a protest in front of the American embassy. We have also spoken to other parties and organisations to join protests in the future.\" Sources said that what had started off as a forum to discuss issues to be taken up at the TDP's Minority Convention on September 27 turned into an effigy burning affair.The series of protests is expected to continue with Insaf, the minority wing of CPI, planning a public meeting on Sunday at Urdu Hall in Himayatnagar on the same issue.Apart from 'Innocence of Muslims' produced by Sam Bascile, SMSes alleged that another Danish film with objectionable content was live on YouTube, which some said was a 2008 film and had been on the internet since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509435", "title": "Joshi first from Rajasthan to hold rail ministry", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister for road transport and highways, CP Joshi got the boost of his political career on Saturday, as he was given additional charge of the railways, a significant portfolio reserved for the country's top political brass.The railway portfolio has returned to the Congress after a gap of almost two decades, while this is the first time that a parliamentarian from Rajasthan has been chosen for the important responsibility. The last railway ministers from Congress were C K Jaffer Sheriff (cabinet minister, 1991-1995) and Suresh Kalmadi (minister of state, 1995-96).Rajasthan and Joshi have scaled new heights in the politics at the Centre with the latest development. In an all time high, six of the 20 Congress MPs from the state have been ministers in the UPA-II government since July last year.\"Joshi now getting the railways' additional charge has added to the importance of Rajasthan and the minister. It is a moment of pride for all us,\" said Congress state spokesperson Satyendra Singh Raghav.The new responsibility has also added to Joshi's political weight in the state. Less than a month ago he scored a major victory when the Rajasthan high court declared his rival's election from the Nathdwara assembly seat as void. Joshi lost the assembly election to BJP's Kalyan Singh by a single vote in December 2008. The loss then also threw him out of the chief minister's race, leaving the field wide open to his competitor within the party, Ashok Gehlot.At a time when things are getting difficult for Gehlot within the party, as his detractors have been questioning his style of functioning and the minority community is blaming him for the Gopalgarh police firing incident, Joshi is getting stronger with new responsibilities. Being a member of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's core team, Joshi is already handling party's election strategies in Gujarat.Even though he is a first time parliamentarian (elected from Bhilwara Lok Sabha constituency in April 2009), Joshi was not only made a cabinet minister but also retained in the Manmohan Singh ministry in the July 2011 reshuffle. In December 2009 he was elected Rajasthan Cricket Association president, a post he snatched from Gehlot's loyalists and still retains it.After the high court judgment of August 31 that went in his favour, Joshi is believed to be in the reckoning for the chief minister's post, too, should the opposition against Gehlot within the party and the minority community rise. Sources said the Congress high command could, alternatively, return the dual responsibility of a union minister and the party state president to Joshi before the next assembly elections in December 2013.If Joshi is given the full charge of a railway minister in the impending cabinet reshuffle, the Banswara-Ratlam rail link work would get a big boost and would ultimately reap political benefits for him as the project lies on his home turf, the Marwar region. The state government has already pledged Rs 1,200 crore for the project. The track was introduced to facilitate the power units in Banswara to get its raw material through the goods train. North Western Railway's senior officials believe the railway portfolio coming to a Rajasthan minister will help many projects that are awaiting financial sanctions for many years.\"As railway minister, Joshi can work to connect district headquarters like Tonk, Banswara, Dungarpur and Pratapgarh with the country's rail network,\" said a senior NWR officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16511353", "title": "Credit-based postgraduate courses at Delhi University", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come 2013, even postgraduate courses at Delhi University will undergo a radical structural change. They will no longer be time-bound but credit based. And students will be able to collect credits for PG courses even at the undergraduate level.To make the changes at the UG level and to facilitate lateral entry for students, PG courses will no longer be restricted to two years, DU officials say. A student who accumulates the requisite credits within a year will complete the course in one year.\"With structural changes at the undergraduate level, there will be similar changes at the postgraduate level. There will be lateral entry, and the postgraduate study structure will be credit based. So, students will complete a course whenever they earn the required credits . This will enable mobility of students and lateral entry in other universities,\" said vice chancellor Dinesh Singh.As per the plan, students will need to study for at least two semesters to complete a PG course. DU is also planning to add a component of research in the four-year undergraduate courses for students to earn credits. These will help them get lateral entry into PG courses and utilize the credits earned at the UG level.\"Research will be optional at the undergraduate level. Not all students will go on to pursue master's . But those who intend to can earn credits via research work at the undergraduate level. If a PG course requires six credits and the student has earned three at the UG level, they can complete the course in the first year itself,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509402", "title": "Pakistani designs for Delhi revealed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The festive season is just round the corner and the frenzy for finding striking outfits for Diwali parties or wedding functions has already gripped many women in the city. This year, however, they also have access to couture and pret garments created by some of Pakistan's most eminent designers, as a franchise of the Pakistan Fashion Design Council (PFDC) store opened here on Friday.Marking an amalgamation of cultures, the store's significance goes far beyond clothes and fashion. While the capital has been host to myriad exhibitions and shows, Pakistani designers have, until now, never officially entered the Indian market. The initiative, store owners and designers say, will help foster communication and bridge gaps between the two countries.\"It will give people an insight into Pakistani culture, and help them understand that the country is not all about terrorism. There are many beautiful elements to our culture that tend to get overshadowed,\" says designer Nina Khan, who owns the label Nickie Nina.\"We've always had clients from Delhi, and personal interaction between Indians and Pakistanis has always been pleasant. We have to actively work against politicization,\" says Khadyah Shah, who owns the label, Elan.The South Extension store itself is designed to facilitate interaction. There are plush tables and chairs all over for consultations and discussions about outfits and a separate exhibition area in the middle. \"We will organize appointments with designers so customers here can directly interact with them. We will feature different designers each month so people can access a range of work,\" says Deepinder Singh Bindra, owner of the store here.Maheen Kardar Ali of the label Karma says she plans on making trips here every few weeks to make it easier for people to customize or place new orders. Designer Fahad Hussayn, who caters to a younger audience, says that apart from visiting for the launch of each new collection, he will also arrange appointments via Skype.\"Fashion in the subcontinent has a lot to do with heritage and traditional embroideries, so there is a commonality to Indian and Pakistani clothes. Fashion naturally brings the countries together,\" says Sehyr Saigol, chairperson, PFDC. They run two PFDC stores in Pakistan - Lahore and Karachi - and she says they've already offered space within them to the Indian fashion council.Bindra's wife, Mini, who runs her own studio and often sources fabric from Pakistan, conceived the project, and also takes care of buying for the store. While there are similarities between the clothing in terms of embroidery, Pakistani silhouettes are distinctive. Keeping intact their design sensibility, yet making the clothes appeal to the Indian customers, is a factor in sourcing, says Mini. \"We choose brighter shades, and sometimes ask them to convert their whites and blacks to bridal colours,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16509036", "title": "One hurt as biker hits car of CM\u2019s PA", "text": "THANE: A sedan carrying chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's personal assistant, Gajanan Awalkar, met with an accident in Thane injuring a biker on Saturday. The victim, Suresh Solanki (21), sustained head injuries but is reported to be stable.The incident occurred around 5pm when the speeding Honda City which was hurtling down the Teen Haath Naka bridge attempted to negotiate a left turn at Bhaskar Colony.Solanki who was riding behind Awalkar's sedan could not control his two-wheeler and rammed it into the car. The collision dented the vehicle's front portion but the two-wheeler was severely damaged.Solanki was taken to a nearby hospital where doctors attend to his head injuries and the biker was discharged later.According to eyewitnesses, Avalkar took Solanki to the hospital waited till doctors confirmed that he was out of danger. Later, he also spoke to the mishap victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16515344", "title": "Security agency booked for illegal weapons and bogus arms licenses", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch have now started scanning the weapon licenses of all the security guard employed by the private firms. In its drive the crime branch unit 3 have arrested two persons and have recovered illegal weapons and bogus arms licenses.Acting on a tip-off the unit 3 of the Mumbai crime branch on Tuesday arrested two persons identified as Noor Jamal alias Munna Malik (31) and Ehsaan Gafoor Malik (27). Police said both are residents of Chembur and were running private security services.During the search of their houses, police have recovered two 12 bore rifles and cartridges. Duo also furnished some fake arms licenses issued by UP government. During investigations it was transpired that both the licenses were bogus.Joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy said that their drive to fish out illegal arms and licenses will continue in the wake of the festival season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509734", "title": "Many firsts at Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology's tech fest", "text": "NAGPUR: The technical fest of Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT), Axis, which started on Friday, has on display many marvels of technology, including fields like automation and robotics, design and safety, construction and software and electronics, which are open for general public.A digital planetarium, models by Atomic Minerals Directorate for Exploration and Research ( AMD ) and products used by National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), are a part of the fest. Also, events like mock stock exchange, disaster management workshop, robo-wars took place during Axis 2012.\"Fabricating a race-car working on a miniature IC engine, designing and constructing a bridge capable of withstanding upto 220 kilos from mere ice cream sticks, building a robot which functions as if it has a mind of its own were amongst the competitions held during the festival.The robo-dog and humanoid robot kept here by one of the participating company was one of the major attractions,\" said Saumeil Shah, one of the organizers.Another student of the college, Shubham Jain said, \"This is the first time that NDMA has kept its equipment on display in the city and second time in an educational institution after IIT-Bombay.AMD has also shown us the various models about nuclear energy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510420", "title": "Centre's tourism projects in state stuck in pipeline", "text": "PANAJI: While the private sector has been hyperactive in Goa's tourism industry with a large number of resorts and other ventures springing up over the last few years, almost all tourism projects sanctioned by the Union ministry of tourism have been either getting stuck in the pipeline or are facing delays for years together.The Union ministry of tourism had sanctioned a 43.9-cr mega project for 'Integrated Development of Infrastructure for Heritage and Hinterland Tourism in Goa' on February 19, 2009, of which 21.5-cr has been released. But, except for some minor works, none of theproject components have been completed three-and-a-half years later.Talking to ToI recently, Goa tourism minister Dilip Parulekar confirmed this and provided a long list of projects which have been delayed. Although the funds are in place, projects have been delayed because of a number of factors. Costs have, meanwhile, also escalated.While some of the seaside or riverside projects, like the Baga viewing tower, are stuck because of non-clearance by the Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority, others around historic and ancient monuments, like in Old Goa, are stuck because of absence of approvals from the Archaeological Survey of India, sources said.The others include the cruise boat jetty and tourist information plaza at Patto, and 'Interpretation Centres' at Mayem, Divar, Chorao, Old Goa, Arvalem, Tambdi Surla, Bondla, Surla, Codar, Mangueshi, Mardol, Kavlem, Selaulim dam and Rachol.In Old Goa, only the parking areas have received NOCs from the ASI and other concerned agencies, while a new jetty near the Viceroy's arch, pilgrimage centre and 'development' of various churches - including restoration - like St Cajetan's, Basilica of Bom Jesus, St Augustine, Church of Our Lady of Rosary, etc, are all awaiting NOCs. The Old Goa projects were meant to develop a 'Heritage Walk'.Also stuck is the tourist information centre at Karmali station, which will be undertaken by the Konkan Railway Corporation for which the funds are to be transferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16510675", "title": "South TN Muslims want US film banned", "text": "MADURAI: Various Muslim outfits in the city staged a massive demonstration at West and North Masi Streets junction on Saturday, protesting against the film 'Innocence of Muslims' and the United States government. They burnt down the national flag of America and the effigy of US President Barrack Obama as a sign of agitation.More than 4,000 people from various outfits like Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam (TMMK), Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI), Popular Front of India (PFI) and others under the banner of Madurai United Jamaath gathered to protest against the film. Earlier, they came in rallies from various spots in the city to assemble in West and North Masi Streets junction. Police were deployed in large numbers for protection. Shops owned by Muslims downed shutters and traders in the demonstration spot also followed suit.Addressing the media after the demonstration, Syed Kaja Mohideen, a religious leader, said the film which has hurt the sentiments of Muslims should be banned. All the Muslim outfits and political wings are staging the demonstration and the director of the film should be punished for humiliating Muslims all over the world, he said. The central government should snap its relation with US and Israel for such anti-Muslim measures, he added.In Tirunelveli, a few miscreants threw a burning cloth on a shed of a soft drink company at Takkarammalpuram in Tirunelveli-Nagercoil road on Saturday though the situation was brought under control after the previous day's incident. Muslim outfits attempted a rail roko on Friday which turned violent. Buses were damaged when the protesters pelted stones at them. Police had to use lathis to disperse the crowd when another demonstration broke out in Melapalayam. Under these circumstances, some miscreants threw a burning cloth in an attempt to set the shed on fire but the workers in the premises found the fire and quickly put it out. Police sources said they were yet to identify the miscreants and were investigating if the incident was related to a previous day incident.In Theni district also, Muslim outfits protested against the film, near State Bank of India . A large number of Muslims gathered from the town and neighbouring villages to participate in the demonstration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16510044", "title": "Arjun Munda urges IT department to be transparent &amp; fast", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Saturday asked officers of information techno logy (IT), planning and finance departments to work in tandem to bring transparency in execution of welfare projects. Munda asked the three departments to design a module that will help in timely execution of projects by identifying problems and bridging the gap.\"The work of the IT department should not be restricted to just automation of departments. It should also focus on making inter-departmental operations transparent and enable quick disposal of work,\" said Munda while reviewing the achievements of the department in the first six months of the current fiscal year. The state's chief secretary and development commissioner were also present in the meeting.The chief minister also stressed the need to use IT in capacity building of masses through intensive training programme at grassroots level. \"The department should focus on taking the benefits of modern day communication to remote villages through common service centre (Pragya Kendra). The department should get in touch with officials from Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited ( BSNL ) and see to it that all the Pragya Kendra has proper connectivity,\" said Munda. He also directed principal secretary of the department N N Sinha to take up the project of automation of cooperative banks on priority basis and complete it at the earliest.Sources present in the meeting said the officials were also asked to improve e-nagrik seva launched by the state government last year. The CM was of the opinion that the facility under e-nagrik seva should be improved so that people living in remote areas had access to information of the government's welfare work and also know how to easily get copy of government certificates like caste and income at a place close to their village.Later in the day, Munda reviewed the achievements of the departments of personnel and administrative reforms and planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513435", "title": "Richa Chadda\u2019s veg Dim sums", "text": "My favourite dishSteamed veg Dim sums. After a long tiring day, I like dishing up for myselfSince I am a vegetarian, I love making anything with loads of green leafy veggies. When eating out on a date or otherwise, I preferUsually when I eat out, I like having Mustard mango coconut rice. Most romantic dinner till date I had one recently with someone special, it was a spontaneous one with pasta on one plate and pizza on the other! With my friends &amp; family, I am a regular atBukhara in Delhi and Hakkasons in Mumbai. A sweet something I often crave forI have a weakness for dark chocolates and frozen yoghurt. They are a healthy option. When I decide to become the chef at homeI start cooking peas with garlic, along with Indianised hummus with loads of red chillies and whole wheat pita bread to go along with it.My favourite roadside dishI think places like Delhi and Mumbai serve the best chaat in the country. In Delhi, it has to be Chandni Chowk's Malai ki chaat and sev puri in Mumbai.Best food I've had on the setsWhile shooting for Gangs of Wasseypur in Bihar , I had litti chokha.Richa Chadda's veg Dim sums  IngredientsForn filling: Broccoli: 30 gm, Baby corn: 25 gm, Mushrooms: 10 gm, Cauliflower: 25 gm, Asparagus:10 gm, Carrot: 15 gm, Potato starch: 10 gm, Oil: 5 mlFor dough: Flour: 1 kg I Water: 400 ml I Oil: 30 ml Method:First make a dough and cut it into small pieces of five to six gram each. Then roll into small thin round flats. Care should be taken to ensure that the rounds are even and very thin. Next, chop all the vegetables roughly, and saute with some salt, pepper and spices. You can also use Chinese five spice powder.Fill the flattened dough pastries with the filling and shape them like a small or an orange segment. Put a banana leaf inside a dim sum bamboo basket and place the dim sums for steam. Steam them for about 10 minutes. Once the dim sums are firm, remove and serve them with a dip of chilli garlic sauce.(Recipe by Radisson Blu Hotel, Paschim Vihar, New Delhi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jangipur (wb)", "code": "16513015", "title": "Trinamool not to fight against Congress in Jangipur bypoll", "text": "JANGIPUR (WB): Despite severing of ties between both the parties, the Trinamool Congress didn't put up any candidate for the Jangipur bypoll against Congress nominee Abhijit Mukherjee, son of President Pranab Mukherjee.Trinamool district president Md Ali said, \"This was Pranab babu's seat. And the candidate now is his son so as a mark of respect to the President, we didn't put up any candidate\".Although BJP's Sudhanshu Biswas is also in the fray, the contest would be virtually between CPM's Muzaffar Hussain and Abhijit Mukherjee.Altogether eleven candidates have filed their papers for the assembly seat, official sources said.The last date for filing nomination ended on Saturday while the last date for withdrawal is September 26.The election would take place on October 10. Bypoll for the Jangipur Lok Sabha seat was necessitated after Pranab Mukherjee resigned his seat to contest for the post of President of India.Pranab had first won from the Jangipur Lok Sabha seat in 2004 and was re-elected in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16510319", "title": "CM flays Centre for not releasing funds for roads", "text": "DHARWAD: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar flayed the Centre for not keeping its word on releasing funds under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) to Karnataka.Speaking at a function to inaugurate various works under national rural drinking water programme at Gumagol and Morab villages in Navalgund taluk of Dharwad district on Saturday he said Union RDPR minister Jairam Ramesh had promised to release funds under PMGSY to Karnataka for construction of 2,000km rural roads in June but so far nothing has come from the Centre.The CM said Karnataka stood second in the country in successful implementation of PMGSY but the Centre was meting out injustice to Karnataka though the state is ready to contribute 25 per cent of the cost.Nevertheless, he said the state government would go ahead with construction of rural roads under CMGSY.Earlier speaking to reporters the chief minister said the state is mulling over the possibility of scrapping the taluk panchayats and retaining only gram panchayat and zilla panchayat under panchayat raj system. However, this can be done only after getting the Constitution amended, the CM said.Replying to a question Shettar said the P S Paramashivaiah Committee's report on streamlining the flow of Benne Halla in Dharwad and Gadag districts would be placed before the Cabinet in its next meeting.On Cauvery issue, Shettar reiterated that Karnataka cannot release water to Tamil Nadu under the present circumstances and had filed a revision petition to the Cauvery River Authority headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. MP Prahlad Joshi, MLA Shankar Patil Munenakoppa and others were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16510405", "title": "God of spectacular scenes", "text": "Vengurla, MalvanWith its long stretch of white sands, and hills covered with cashew, coconut, jackfruit and mango groves lies the pristine and beautiful town of Vengurla, just a two-hour drive from Goa.It has two well-known temples: the Shri Devi Sateri temple and the Rameshwar Mandir.Vengurla is often mentioned in history books as a trade settlement. Twice burned to the ground, it was the target of repetitive attacks and plunders between 1664 and 1812. To the west-north-west lie the Vengurla Rocks, also called Burnt Islands.On what was once an inner island, and is now part of the mainland, lies the old town of Malvan, almost hidden by palms. The rocky terrain of Malvan holds two forts: Sindhudurg and Padmagad. It is said that there was an underground route joining them.Formerly a trading zone, Malvan is today known for its salt pans, Chinese clay pottery and the special Malvani cuisine which is quite distinct from Konkan food.The Malvan fort remains closed during the monsoon as one has to navigate the seas on a boat to get there and the seas can be choppy during this season.One can make a stop at Vengurla on the way to Malvan.Vengurla town has been making waves in the recent past more for its beauty and beaches rather than its history. The natural beauty that has always engulfed this part of the coastline has been inviting nature lovers for decades, but the flock of travellers has upped of late as word-of-mouth spreads. The sleepy town reeks of natural beauty.GanapatipuleGanapatipule is one of the most spectacular beaches along the Konkan coast-an idyllic getaway that attracts peace-seekers, beach lovers and pilgrims alike.Ratnagiri is the closest and connecting city between Goa and Ganapatipule. One can drive down or take a train to Ratnagiri and travel by taxi or other local transport to Ganapatipule, 50 km away. Every hour there is a direct bus to Ratnagiri from Ganapatipule on your way back.The temple of Swayambhu Ganesh is much frequented by thousands every year. The God is considered to be Paschim Dwardevta (western sentinel god of India) and those who visit Ganapatipule make it a point to pay their respects.Aside from its clean and clear waters, Ganapatipule is rich in flora, including mangroves and coconut palms. Here, you can leave the hectic world behind as you laze around on golden sands or explore the many trails that lead from the beach. The beach itself is still pristine.Travelling by road along the Konkan stretch is an experience by itself. It abounds with scenic greenery. There are narrow mud-roads, the earth is red and the roofed houses with clean courtyards add a quaint touch to the panorama. The local vegetation includes fruit-bearing trees like mango, betelnut, banana, jackfruit, coconut etc. The locals are warm and cheerful.Ganapatipule has a moist and humid climate but the air is invigorating and, as yet, free of pollution. Don't forget to carry your swimwear.Rooms at Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation's holiday resorts can be booked from Goa from the corporation's office.MalgundMalgund is a small village about 1km from Ganapatipule and the native place of famous Marathi poet, Kavi Keshavsoot. You can visit the poet's house, which has been renovated and converted into a students' hostel. The memorial to the poet, built by the Marathi Sahitya Parishad, is also worth a visit.VelneshwarThe beautiful village of Velenshwar, situated north of the Shastri River, has its own peaceful, coconut-fringed beach, where one can relax in tranquility. The village comes alive each year during Maha Shivaratri fair, when pilgrims in large numbers visit old Shiva temple.Jaigad FortResting on a cliff, at the entrance of the Sangameshwar river, just 35km from Ganapatipule, is Jaigad fort. This 17th century bastion offers a commanding view of the sea and an almost unique view of Konkan village life.PawasBesides its scenic natural beauty and serenity, Pawas is well-known for the ashram of Swami Swaroopanand-a spiritual leader who influenced an entire generation of Maharashtrians. A visit to this place is a journey through time.Marleshwar60km from Ganapatipule, it is famous for its Shiva temple and waterfall.Derwan85km from Ganapatipule, it is well known for its Shiv Shristi-an exhibition on Chhatrapati Shivaji.Parshuram112km from Ganapatipule is known for the Parshuram temple.Panhala, as a hill station, is synonymous with its historic fort. Though it may not have many other charms, the fort city perched 3,177 ft above sea level can be a quiet getaway on the weekend for those historically inclined. The former Maratha capital draws hordes of tourists, among others, for its lore and legend about Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj, the founder of the Maratha empire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16511570", "title": "Grand pandals but are they fire-proof too?", "text": "KANPUR: The industrial city may have turned into a mini-Mumbai in terms of celebrating the 10-day long Ganesh Mahotsav in terms of fervour and devotion, but the grand Ganesh pandals erected here lack fire safety norms.This year, over 600 pandals have come up in the city in which colossal Ganesh idols have been installed. Apart from a few, fire safety gadgets are missing from most of the pandals at a time when hundreds of devotees are turning up to pay tributes to the 'Vighnaharta' (a title given to Ganpati, meaning 'the one who removes obstacles'), every day. The festival is gaining momentum with each passing day. Interestingly, beautifully decorated and ornate pandals have been erected in localities like Lathi Mohal, Anand Bagh Park, Baba Kuti, Govind Nagar, Fazalganj, Gandhi Nagar, Shastri Nagar, Lajpat Nagar, Gujjaini, Shri Nagar, Baradevi, Ram Narain Bazar and Saket Nagar. But at most of the places no fire safety norms are followed. In case of any fire accident, the situation could become dangerous.Organisers of the pandals are, therefore, warned to watch out and help prevent any accident from occurring.Explosive items should not be stocked inside the pandals, most of which are made with synthetic fabric which is highly inflammable. The pandals are often close to the boundary wall of a building or a residential block, so separate entry and exit points for devotees should be made in case they have not already been to prevent stampede in case fire breaks out. Wires not insulated pose a major hazard, as also the large halogen lights close to the pandals.Fire station officer Colonelganj Shiv Darash Prasad told TOI there should have been ample open space around a pandal and the height of the pandal should be at least 3 meters. He said the entry and exit way should be at least five metres wide to give devotees an exit as easy as entry. He said electricity wires should be connected via porcelain conductors and emergency light should be handy in times of power cut.The official also added that there should be ample water arrangement inside and outside the pandal to avert fire that breaks out from spreading. If a pandal is large, fire extinguishers should be installed therein.Questioned about fire safety norms being followed by the organisers of Ganesh Puja Pandals in the city, Shiv Darash Prasad said in many Ganesh pandals erected in his territory, the norms were being followed by the organisers. \"I am inspecting the pandals regularly and cautioning the organisers to follow fire safety norms to avert accidents,\" he said.He added that the book fair going on at Brijendra Swarup Park and the recently concluded Ganesh Puja at a huge pandal at the same place had been following the fire safety norms. But still there are several pandals in different areas of the city, the interior localities and densely populated areas that lack fire safety norms and the fire department has not paid any heed towards the safety arrangements therein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509104", "title": "Teesta treaty to be sealed soon: Bangla minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bucking the domestic uncertainty over the Trinamool Congress's pullout from UPA-II that may have put a question mark over the fate of two crucial pacts \u2014 Teesta water-sharing and Land Border Agreement (LBA) \u2014 visiting Bangladeshi rural development minister and general secretary of the ruling Awami League, Syed Ashraful Islam, expressed confidence here on Saturday that the accords would be sealed soon.Islam, who was here at the invitation of rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , said \"The climate has changed and both the treaties will be completed soon.\"He met a cross-section of political leaders, ministers and government officials during his stay here since September 18.He met Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and also leaders of Opposition Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley, who were invited to visit Bangladesh. \"The Opposition leaders have accepted our invitation, though no timeline has been set,\" Islam told reporters here ahead of his departure for Dhaka on Saturday.He said that Rahul was interested to know about the role of NGOs in Bangladesh and their level of interaction with the government. While describing NGOs in Bangladesh as partners for the government in a big way, Islam said, \"There are some religious NGOs which are not registered with the authorities and are fronts for Islamist groups based in the Middle East, London... they are not indigenous and therefore a close eye is kept on them,\" he told Gandhi.Besides Ramesh and Salman Khurshid, Islam also met NSA Shiv Shankar Menon, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and President Pranab Mukherjee.Interestingly, Indian High Commissioner to Dhaka Pankaj Saran also met West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Saturday for over 30 minutes. Saran also met state finance minister Amit Mitra and discussed bilateral trade ties, economic reforms and cultural relations, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16509684", "title": "At home with his art", "text": "BANGALORE: For the free-spirited sculptor Ravi Shah, home is 1000 sqft of built-up area, redbrick and cement - no plastering, no paint. Four roughly-cut pieces of wood make-up a photo frame and a finely turned in bundle of newspapers, held together by hard rope that runs around its length, completes a stool. His sculptures dot the well-lit, but sparse interiors of the two-storey dwelling. The sitting area - where the light drifts through a skylight which is protected only by a mosquito net, allowing the rain to fall through - is where he works. Nestled deep in Unnathi Layout on the outskirts of the city, the house is both home and work place for the 34-year-old artist.Clad in a saffron-coloured lungi offset by a trendy checked shirt, he crosses his hands across his chest and allows his eyes to roam around his house, before declaring, \"I think it's a very pretty house. It has to be. It was built with a lot of love and care and that comes through.\"Shah did most of the manual labour himself. At various stages of the construction, like when the walls were coming up, he engaged a couple of workers, who had wandered over from neighbouring sites. It took him nine months to complete the structure which cost him Rs 40,000. Shah said he followed only two rules while building on his 40X70 plot __ no changing and no stopping, work went on non-stop. \"That was the only way I was going to get ahead,\" he said. An odd length of wire, pulled across the adjacent plot which belongs to his mother, is the sole power point in the house.He has no fridge, no 'mind-polluting' television and no microwave. When he's not entertaining, he doesn't use electricity, he gets by with a candle. He cools his drinking water in an earthenware pot and heats his bath water with firewood. Shah, 34, whose mother Marta Jakimowicz is an art critic and curator, studied art in high school, before doing a foundation course in MSU, Vadodara. He followed that up with a two-year university course in Poland (Warsaw), where he studied sculpture, drawing and photography. He did short stints in Scotland and Colarado before he returned to Bangalore and completed his BFA in sculpture. Shah, who likes to work with various types of wood, but prefers Silver Oak has had exhibitions in various parts of the country and the world. His two most recent exhibitions have been in Antwerp , Belgium and Benson town in Bangalore.Shah doesn't always work out of his house even though friends refer to his pad as his studio. He explained that his work reflected the atmosphere of the workplace, wherever it was that he was camped for the time. \"I like to work in different spaces. The ambience of a place, the energy, lighting and sound shows in your work, adding to the character of the subject,\" he said. Sitting in a space that was meant to be his kitchen is a wooden figurine of a young girl. A wide-angled leather-hat sits delicately on her head and a shroud of darkness hangs around the sculpture. Shah explained that a friend had posed for him one summer afternoon as he chipped away at the stump of a mango tree. Later that evening after he had completed most of the work, the friend had told him that she had spent her growing up years around that mango tree which was something of a friend to her. She had been particularly disturbed that the tree, which held so many childhood memories, had been cut down.Shah, brown-eyed and easy manner, said, \"I don't have a normal day, a routine day or whatever you call it. I don't always wake-up at a particular time and my day doesn't follow any pattern or order. I don't restrict myself to boundaries. I'm not trying to be different; it is just way I am. I don't live by rules, self-made or otherwise.\"The rough, unfinished look is Shah's signature style. Fittingly it carries through to his dwelling place. The lawn that surrounds the front portion of his house has grown to various lengths. He has sculptures of various sizes positioned around the garden. Most of them have a function though, holding up a pipe or a thatched roof that provides shade for a couple of loosely arranged garden benches. At the rear is a kitchen garden. He has also made provisions for sport, a basketball hoop and stone steps on the rear wall for rock-climbing.Shah said, \"People like every thing neat and polished. That's the general mindset. That, however, doesn't allow for the work to come alive. Only mannequins wear the smooth and finished look. I'm not looking to achieve perfection in my work, because perfection is finished. There's always more work to be done, some tinkering, a little change, an odd line that makes my work alive to situations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16510741", "title": "Urban renewal to get heritage focus", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After almost eights years, when the World Bank reviewed the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in the country, it found that less than 10 per cent of funds were being used for urban renewal projects.Instead, a maximum number of funds went into roads, flyovers and other infrastructure projects.Development of open spaces, improving living conditions within historical cities, improving governance and service delivery mechanisms and instituting processes that encourage inclusive development have got sidelined in the rat race of project approvals among various cities.The union ministry of urban development and the World Bank has initiated a pilot demonstration program on Inclusive Heritage Resource based City Development strategy (IHCDS).This unique initiative will bring forth concerns of Heritage Management into City development planning and Livelihood strategies.The Phase I of the pilot demonstration program will cover three pilot cities, which are namely Hyderabad, Varanasi and Ajmer-Pushkar. It is then likely to be expanded to other Indian cities during the Phase II of the program.Ahmedabad's CEPT University will organize a three -day capacity building workshop on \"Inclusive Heritage Based City Development Strategy (IHCDS)\" from October 1.The main objective of the workshop is to discuss various approaches of how to integrate urban heritage resource management aspects with the overall city development strategy. Urban poverty reductions will also be looked at.This workshop is being organised in association with the World Bank, Cities Alliance and UNESCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16508986", "title": "Day after reforms push, PM hints at changes in corporate laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after he said that government would take more reforms measures to pull the country out of 1991-type economic abyss, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said the Centre was examining commercial and corporate laws to ensure inclusive growth and to make them relevant to future challenges.Addressing the criticism that the new decisions by his government could marginalize the poor and widen rich-poor divide, Singh said that the proposed changes in corporate and commercial laws would ensure \"distributive equities and empowerment of the marginalized sections of society\", adding that government has already put in regulations for securities market, competition and limited liability partnerships.The PM was speaking at the Conference on Economic Growth in Asia an Changes of Corporate Environment.The occasion also saw Chief Justice of India (CJI) S H Kapadia and CJI-designate Altamas Kabir agreed with the PM's Friday night speech on the need for hard economic decisions to put the country's economy on the rails of growth, though the two also engaged in some plain speaking about the flip side of such harsh decision driven reform process.Justice Kapadia said every decision on foreign direct investment must be coupled with the test of employment generation. \"Whether it is domestic or foreign direct investment, if it generates employment, I will prefer it,\" he said.\"But, it should not be that only 300 million Indians prosper because of the reforms and 700 million suffer. That is why inclusive growth and economic democracy is so essential,\" he said.Justice Kabir said the flip side of the reform was that while certain sectors get the boost, others were ignored. \"We must strike a balance. We must look into the problems of other sectors. It is those who stay in the extremes who do not feel the pinch, but those in between do.\"\"We will soon bring before Parliament the new Companies Bill that has been in the making for quite some time now,\" Singh said. He said that an examination of commercial and corporate laws was required because of transformational changes in this century.In a veiled appeal to the higher judiciary to view the importance of reform process from national as well as a global economic point of view, the PM said, \"Judicial decisions may at times have transnational impact since the global financial and trade systems are also becoming closely integrated.\"\"Therefore, Judges of the 21st century have to be social scientists, economists, political thinkers and social scientists,\" he said, adding, \"economic analysis of law is now as much of an imperative as familiarity with information technology and the world of computers\".His speech at Vigyan Bhawan here was interrupted by 30 minutes. Just when the PM was about to start his speech, a lawyer in the audience stood up on the table and shouted \"PM go back! Roll back diesel price hike\" thrice stunning the audience and the security personnel. The PM started his speech after security personnel took the protester out of the hall.Having guided the first phase of economic liberalization in 1991, Singh narrated the country's journey from controls to regulations. He said, \"From the time when business was to be kept at a distance to the present when government sought a complimentary and partnership role with the private sector to expand the economic base and to empower the disadvantaged groups through inclusive, faster and sustainable development.\"If Attorney General G E Vahanvati lavishly praised the PM for initiating the second phase of reforms, law minister Salman Khurshid said winter would soon end bringing spring in Indian economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16509960", "title": "Jairam tweaks Vidarbha visit", "text": "NAGPUR: Could Naxalite violence be confronted with the Gandhian weapon of non-violence? On Sunday, around 25 peace activists and social leaders would descend on Sewagram to ponder on this aspect when they deliberate on the issue of Naxal problem in India. The daylong deliberation has been organized at Nai Taleem premises adjacent to Bapu Asharam by Sarva Sewa Sangh, a Gandhian organization. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh will be present for the event.Fast changing political developments in New Delhi have apparently caused some changes in Ramesh's previously announced two-day tour of Vidarbha. He was earlier to come on Saturday and start the tour with a visit to Gadchiroli, a Naxal hot spot in the region.Little over a year ago, he had launched the policy to grant tribals' rights over bamboo in forests at Lekha Mendha and had reportedly expressed his anguish over fresh hurdles being created over implementation of the scheme.But with the possibility of a Cabinet reshuffle and his name being considered for the railway ministry after pull out of TMC from the UPA government, Ramesh has tweaked his Vidarbha visit .He dropped the Gadhciroli visit and will be arriving for one-day visit to Sewagram on Sunday. Reaching here around 7am, he will proceed by road there in time for the Naxal seminar starting at 10am. He will return to Nagpur and fly back to Delhi by the night flight.According to Wardha district collector Jaishree Bhoj, Ramesh was scheduled to visit Sewagram again on October 3 to launch Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan, a national campaign to promote cleanliness and hygiene in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16509066", "title": "60,000 AP candidates in CAT 2012 race", "text": "HYDERABAD: The number of B-school aspirants from the city is on the rise. For CAT-2012, a total of 60,000 candidates from Andhra Pradesh will write the examination, the highest figure in the last five years. In 2011, around 50,000 wrote the examination from the state. Across the country, a total of 2.1 lakh students are writing the examination this year which will be held from October 11 to November 6.While the country has seen a rise in the number of students appearing for the examination from 2.05 lakh in 2011 to 2.15 lakh this year, the state witnessed a considerable rise in the figures. While states like Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra have seen a 4% dip in the number of students taking the B-school test, in AP the number has increased by 15 per cent, said officials of IIM-Kozhikode which will be conducting CAT.The rise is attributed to an increase in working professionals opting for CAT-2012. \"After two years from now, the job market is expected to open up. Most companies in AP are sending their inhouse employees for higher studies. This has resulted in an increase in the number of working professionals opting for CAT,\" said SSS Kumar, coordinator, CAT-2012. However, B Tech graduates looking for management careers still comprise the largest chunk of CAT-applicants. The number of girls appearing for the exam has also increased marginally. While in 2011, girl students comprised 27 per cent of the total number of candidates opting for CAT from AP, the figure is at 28 per cent this year. CAT-2012 will be conducted in 17 centres in the city. CAT is held for admissions to 13 IIMs and about 150 B-schools in the country. The result is expected to be announced on January 9, 2013.According to sources, the test pattern will be the same as that of the previous yearwith two sections Quantitative Ability/Data Interpretation and Verbal Ability/Logical Reasoning with duration of 70 minutes each. \"CAT throws in some surprises every year. We are expecting the same even this year,\" said officials of TIME coaching centre. \"Like every year, time management will have to be mastered by the candidates,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510413", "title": "Action sought against party for destroying Paithona forest", "text": "PANAJI: The panchayat authority of Salvador do Mundo has urged the revenue department to initiate action against the private party involved in illegally clearing a two-acre patch of private forest in the lush and pristine valley of Paithona in Bardez.The forest department had inspected the area recently and found that more than 50 trees were uprooted by a crane in an area east of defence colony, Porvorim.The trees had been chopped and buried under the mud, scooped up by an excavator working at the site for a few days. The panchayat conducted another inspection recently and confirmed that the thick patch of forest at the bottom of the valley had been cleared, a part of the hill had been cut and leveled for some development.\"It was noticed during the inspection that cutting of trees and filling of land has taken place in survey no 135/14 and 15 of the village,\" sarpanch Rajesh N Savaikar, wrote in his letter to the deputy collector.The panchayat has also referred the matter to the Bardez mamlatdar and forest department.A complaint about the deforestation was lodged with the forest department and other authorities by a resident of the village. Environmentalists have alleged that a delay in completion of the process of identifying private forests is leading to destruction of private forests.The Paithona valley is one of the last few patches of thick forests, probably the last contiguous patch of greenery extending into several hectares, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513322", "title": "Simbu on song", "text": "Simbu might not have had a release in the recent past, but the actor is soon turning out to be one of the most sought-after singers in tinsel town.After Love Pannalama Vendama ... from Podaa Podi , some of the leading composers in the industry are approaching him.His latest hit is the Chennai Anthem, which he sang for Madhil Mel Poonai , which stars Vijay Vasanth in the lead.Simbu has also sung Un Vizhi for Karma . LV Ganesan, son of the legendary musician LV Vaidhyanadhan, has composed the music for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16510329", "title": "Inquiry into quality of material begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: The inquiry into quality of construction materials used in various projects under JNNURM scheme in the state capital started on Saturday. The LMC got the samples collected by the Institute of Engineering and Technology and sent it to the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur.The issue of usage of poor quality material in the project had attained critical dimensions after LMC stopped payments to UP Jal Nigam, which has been executing the projects in the state capital. The development coincided with urban development minister Azam recommending suspension of former municipal commissioner Nagendra Pratap Singh on charges of laxity in duty. The state government, however, did not adhere to the recommendation of the cabinet minister and put Singh on a waiting list for the past 10 days.\"We would get every thing scrutinised,\" said officiating municipal commissioner, Rakesh Verma, while speaking to TOI. Verma said that the civic authorities will not compromise with the quality of works done under the scheme. The order to do sampling and subsequent examination of the materials used in the civic projects was given by NP Singh after a major parts of the state capital were left inundated during rains earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16510278", "title": "Court relief for SJM masjid panel", "text": "MARGAO: In the wake of a rift between committee members of the Sunni Jammat Musalmeen (SJM) Masjid, Malbhat, Margao, and the faction headed by Mohammad Najeeb Saudagar on Friday, SJM founding member Shaikh Noorula filed a petition under Section 9 of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act along with an application for temporary injunction.The principal district and sessions judge, South Goa, at Margao granted ex-parte relief to the petitioner Noorula, and has restrained Saudagar and Noor Mahammad Tahir Shah from holding elections to the SJM managing committee on September 23.While passing the orders, the principal district judge observed that the present managing committee has a tenure of five years as per Clause 12 of the Memorandum of Association.On Thursday, the current committee had denied permission to Saudgar and Shah to use the masjid's premises for the Sunday meeting.They had stated that no permissions had been obtained by the registrar of societies or by the president of the masjid to hold the elections.A majority of the members have convened a general body meeting on September 30, 2012 to discuss the election process, form the election commission and to form a scrutiny committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16508963", "title": "Denied money for alcohol, son murders retired father", "text": "MUMBAI: Refusing his son a petty sum to buy alcohol cost a retired RBI employee his life. Sudhir Jhemse, 61, was stabbed in his neck over a dozen times by his only son, Atul, at their Mulund East residence late on Friday.This is the fourth instance of a senior citizen being murdered in the city in September alone. Atul's mother, Rekha, 59, was hurt when she tried to intervene. Atul, who is unemployed, later surrendered to the Navghar police. He injured his finger in the scuffle, police said.Atul, 31, had done a diploma in financial management after completing his graduation in commerce. He had changed over five jobs and wouldn't stick with one for long.This led to strains in father-son relationship and there were frequent arguments as Sudhir would suggest to his son to take up a stable job. He was also upset about Atul borrowing for alcohol.\"I have murdered my father, someone should inform the police,\" was the confession Atul Jhemse made to the secretary of his housing society, minutes after he stabbed his father Sudhir in the neck. Rupesh Girap, the secretary, said he is unable to put the scene inside the flat out of his mind.\"Atul was calm even as his father's blood-soaked body lay in the living room. I dialled the emergency number '100' and waited with other residents till the cops arrived,\" Girap said, adding there had never been any complaints against Atul from society residents in the past. \"He has never created a ruckus nor did we hear raised voices from his house. In fact, Atul rarely spoke to anyone in the building . He would not participate in any cultural programmes and had no friends here. We heard he was fond of bodybuilding and had a group of friends in Dombivli , whom he visited often.\"\"The Jhemses have been staying at the Eastern Majestic society for four years now, but Atul never showed any signs of a disturbed mind. If we had any inkling, we would have immediately suggested measures,\" Girap said.Residents said Sudhir and his wife Rekha were sociable , unlike their son. \"Sudhir frequented the Mulund gymkhana to play carrom . He told us that he had represented the RBI, where he worked, in national-level tournaments. He was a regular at society meetings,\" said a resident.Relatives said Sudhir's elderly mother hadn't been informed about his death as yet. \"Sudhir is the oldest of four brothers. His mother stays with each of her sons for a few months and recently spent some time at Sudhir's place before Ganesh Chaturthi. Five years ago, she lost one of her sons to malaria and was in shock for a long time,\" said a relative.Sudhir's brother Anil said Atul's parents never spoke about him to anyone. They were reportedly looking for a bride for him but his jobless status made the process tough. However, a neighbour recollected Rekha once saying how nobody in her parents or kin ever had any addiction issues.Both Sudhir and Rekha had taken voluntary retirement from their jobs. Sudhir was a clerk with the RBI while Rekha worked at the director general of police's office, also as a clerk. Relatives said the couple had even suggested their unemployed son visit a mental health counsellor, but he had refused to do so.On Friday, cops took Rekha to hospital to treat her for her injuries. Sudhir's body was brought to this residence after an autopsy was conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16508862", "title": "Bikers ambush businessman at noon, loot Rs 30L gold", "text": "MUMBAI: In a shocking robbery, four bike-borne men ambushed a businessman's car a few metres from his home in a Santa Cruz (West) lane around noon, robbed him of gold ornaments worth Rs 30 lakh at gunpoint and fled. The police suspect the crime was an insider job.Jaiveera Singh Chandok, 27, a resident of Guru Ramdas Nivas at North Avenue Road in Santa Cruz, had gone to ICICI Bank's Bandra-Kurla Complex branch to pick up the jewellery, belonging to his mother and other family members, from his bank locker. His cousin is to wed next week. As he was nearing home, the robbers blocked his way, snatched the jewellery and fired one round in the air while fleeing.Ironically, around the time robbers accosted businessman Jaiveera Singh Chandok, 27, at 12.30 pm at North Avenue Road in Santa Cruz (West), senior police officials were listening to grievances of citizens at the police stations of Khar and Santa Cruz. Vishwas Nangre Patil, additional commissioner of police (west region), was a stone's throw from the crime scene, at Khar police station.\"Singh's Innova was just a few metres from his residence when one motorcyclist suddenly appeared and blocked his way. Another bike came up behind his car and the pillion rider smashed its rear windshield with a heavy object,'' a police officer said. Pillion riders of both the bikes got off and one of them fired in the air to scare Singh and is driver. One of them snatched the bag containing the jewellery and they fled on the bikes.After the incident, heavy police bandobast has been put in place in the quiet locality.Singh told the police that the four fled towards S V Road. The two who rode the bikes were wearing helmets, but the faces of the pillion riders were caught on CCTV cameras installed outside a gurdwara, adjacent to the crime scene, said a police source.In spite of repeated attempts, Singh refused to comment on the crime. The police are questioning Singh to find out who was aware of his plan to pick up the jewellery. \"It appears that the accused may have been following Singh from the bank or they had some accurate knowledge that Singh would be leaving the bank with the booty. It could be an insider job but as investigations are on, we would not like to share anything at this juncture,\" said a senior police official.The Santa Cruz police have registered a case of robbery and are trying to identify the robbers with the help of the CCTV footage. Crime branch units, too, have entered the picture and are helping the police probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509407", "title": "Complete tracks by June 30, govt tells DMRC", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban development housing (UDH) minister Shanti Dhariwal on Saturday said the state government has directed the DMRC to complete the Metro train track laying work by June 30.After a meeting with the DMRC officials, Dhariwal said, \"The DMRC had committed to the state government to complete the work by June 30. So we asked them to positively complete the work by June 30.\" He said that by August 15, the city would witness launch of Metro train in the city.The meeting was attended by DMRC MD Mangu Singh, UDH principal secretary GS Sandhu and various other DMRC, JMRC and state government officials. Mangu Singh also inspected the work in progress and assured the state government that the work would be completed by the aniticipated date.Sources said the DMRC could take strict action against those contractors who could not keep the deadlines. The sources also said delay in work could be because of delay in getting possession of land, traffic problems, delay in payment by contractors to sub contractors, and also delay in supply of raw material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16515259", "title": "Ahmedabad shuttlers become State School Games champs", "text": "Ahmedabad: Ahmedbad City School badminton team comprising of Gujarat state under-19 number one Adrian George, Aniq Kadri, Shubham Rathod and Vivek Rawal emerged as the champions in the State School Games held in Jamnagar on Friday.In the final, Ahmedabad boys, who were wearing the tag of favourites, blanked Junagadh 2-0.Ahmedabad team started off in style with their star player Adrian setting the tone. Against a much weaker opponent, the young 17-year-old southpaw thrashed Abhishek Dobariya 21-9, 21-11. Throughout the match, Adrian controlled the proceedings with his accurate smashes, define touches at the net and superb placing.However, Adrian was done yet. After taking the opening singles match, he joined hands with Aniq to douse a spirited show by Abhishek and Rushabh Bhatt 21-19, 21-18 to become state champions. It should be remembered that Adrian recently defeated long-time men's state number one Vivek Ojha to win his maiden men's title in the state circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509235", "title": "Mandals try hard to hide signs of inflation", "text": "MUMBAI: Lavishly carved and well-lit Ganpati pandals are doing a fine job of concealing the blow that inflation has struck the festival. A cluster of astute, thrifty organizers have done their best to ensure that the wear at the seams is hidden from view.A common complaint is that donors are becoming tight-fisted because of the overall impact of inflation. The Chembur Naka Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal Trust has had to lower its annual budget that stood at Rs 2.5 lakh last year. \"In spite of the fact that our mandal is 60 years old, our regular sponsor expressed his inability to contribute the same amount this season. Our pandal is 20ft x 60ft wide and the idol is 6.5 ft tall so we have to scrimp at every stage. We have only a model of Lokmanya Tilak in the name of decoration,\" says Pushpraj Kale, mandal member and MNS shakha adhyaksh.The organizers of the Kalbadevicha Raja at Badamwadi face a similar dilemma. \"The cost of our 11.5 ft Ganpati that is crafted from papier mache has increased this year. We have also devised an awareness theme surrounding female foeticide that involves placards, posters, cutouts and street campaigns. Only we know how we are managing within Rs 2.25 lakh,\" rues mandal president Manoj Amare.The idol itself costs a fraction of the expense that goes into the set and decoration. The Shri Ganesh Mitra Mandal near Mulund railway station has reserved a budget of Rs 12-13 lakh this year, of which Rs 90,000 has been spent on purchasing a 14-ft idol. The bulk of the amount, over 90%, has gone towards creating a replica of the Akshardham temple of New Delhi and lighting it up.\"Ours is a close-knit community that does not seek donations from outside. We determine the theme up to a year in advance and contribute our mite,\" says spokesperson Anand Thakkar.Only the members know that inflation forced them to compromise the intricate carvings on pillars in the interior portions. \"We also reduced the height of our idol by around 2 ft otherwise the mandap would have to be taller and the decorations would increase correspondingly,\" Thakkar says.The mandal's art director Bhushan Rodrigues says traders and transporters drive a hard bargain during Ganeshotsav but it is the common labourers who are willing to compromise their wages because they see this as service to God. \"I am paying at least 25% more for raw material, including plaster of paris as well as wood this year, not to mention plastic paint. Transportation is also far more expensive owing to the frequent increase in fuel prices. But I have a bunch of faithful labourers who work with me on film sets through the year. It is easy to persuade them to accept less for Ganeshotsav assignments, saying it is God's work,\" says Rodrigues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16509824", "title": "Part time instructors reinstated after termination", "text": "GONDIA: Following controversy in the recruitment procedure of part time instructors under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan all over the state, the process had been stalled by the Maharashtra Prathamik Shikshan Parishad (MPSP). However due to the status quo order of the Aurangabad High Court, the MPSP Mumbai, on September 17, directed all the zilla parishads in the state to issue appointment orders to all selected candidates who were selected but were subsequently terminated. These appointments have already been started in Gondia district from September 20.Once the right of education to every child in the state was decided to be implemented in the state, the recruitment of more teaching staff had become imperative. So the MPSP decided to appoint about 18,000 part time education instructors on contract basis for art, culture, games and health awareness. In Gondia district, 399 such instructors were supposed to have been appointed. Appointment letters were sent to all selected candidates on August 22.But there were complaints from all over the state that there were irregularities in this recruitment procedure. So, the MPSP, on August 27, decided to cancel all these appointments. However, on September 5, Aurangabad bench of Bombay High Court directed MPSP to maintain status quo. So, all those instructors who had been terminated were called back again.In Gondia district, instructors who were already appointed and terminated have been called back from September 20 and such instructions have already been issued to all eight panchayat samitis in Gondia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510407", "title": "State govt revises compensation scheme for damage by wild animals", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has revised the scheme to grant compensation to victims of attacks by wild animals and damage to property to allow the agriculture department to cover compensation for destroyed crops.\"This has been done to avoid duplication of work, ensure compensation is not claimed from two departments and expedite process of payment,\" an official said.The agriculture department will provide compensation to farmers, whose crops are destroyed under Xetkari Adar Nidhi. Earlier, the applications for compensation of crop damage were filed before the mamlatdar and referred to the forest department.The forest department has notified its scheme once again to clarify that it will deal with only cases of loss of life from attack by a wild animal. It will issue compensation of around 2 lakh to the next of kin of the victim after evidence of a post-mortem report is furnished.In case of permanent disability or incapacitation, the quantum of compensation will be one lakh.Any victim who sustains injury in an attack by any wild animal will be paid the entire amount of the treatment or an amount of 50,000, whichever is less.If a wild animal causes loss of cattle to farmers, the owner will receive a maximum of 16,000 per cattle head killed.The owner of cattle will be paid compensation for any injury to a cattle head, as assessed by a committee or 5,000, whichever is less. In case of damage to property such as a residential house, the owner will be paid as per the actual assessment or 25,000 per house, whichever is less.Any case of loss of life or damage has to be reported to the state government authorities within three days of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16510365", "title": "Suicide fallout: BJP blames mining 'big fish'", "text": "PANAJI: The state unit of the BJP on Saturday urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to expedite investigations against all stakeholders named in the Shah Commission report saying that the suicide death of the suspended mining official, late Dattatrya Bhave, was probably caused by mental torture inflicted on him by a \"big fish\" named in the Shah commission report.Trying to turn the tables on the Congress, BJP vice president Wilfred Mesquita, at a press conference, also demanded that the Congress tender a public apology to the family of deceased Bhave because it was the wrongdoings of the Congress party that have caused this tragedy.The BJP also demanded that the illegal mining case against Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu, which is presently pending before the crime branch, be taken to its logical conclusion at the earliest.The BJP demands are a sharp reaction to the Congress' declaration, via a press conference by Deshprabhu, that FIRs would be lodged against chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who the Congress accused of abetting the suicide of Bhave.In a caustic riposte, Mesquita said, \"Death, whether natural or unnatural, is a matter of grief. It is to be mourned. Only a sick mind can make capital and exploit such a human tragedy. Unfortunately, the Congress reaction to the death of Bhave is regrettable and condemnable.\"Mesquita said that all over the world, wrongdoings are investigated because they have to be corrected.It was in this regard that the government took various steps (in the illegal mining issue). In an apparent reference to Bhave, Mesquita said that people are suspended not because they are guilty but only to ensure a fair investigation.Mesquita lashed out at the Congress, who have alleged that the suspended mining department officials were \"humiliated.\" He said that if officials presenting themselves before the investigating authorities amounts to humiliation and that pushes them to commit suicide then there are several Congressmen who should have been dead by now.Mesquita named Deshprabhu, who went \"behind bars\" in the illegal mining case and also Mauvin Godinho, who was earlier investigated in the power scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16510262", "title": "Swarna Grama to include 1,000 more villages", "text": "HUBLI: Another thousand villages will be included in the Swarna Grama Scheme so as to avail of basic facilities, said chief minister Jagadish Shettar, in Kundagol on Saturday.Addressing the gathering after inaugurating Sawai Gandharva Bhavan in Kundgol, the CM said already 3,300 villages have come under the scheme and basic facilities have been provided to these villages worth Rs 1 crore each. On Benni halla and Doni halla, which overflow during heavy rain and throw life out of gear in the surrounding villages, the CM said a permanent solution will be provided to the problem, after holding discussions at the cabinet meeting in Gulbarga.Grants for local bodiesShettar said that state government is giving special grants to all CMCs and TMCs for development works. Recently the state Cabinet approved to give Rs 1,670 crore under 'Nagarottar Yojana' to these bodies.Speaking after inaugurating the Pampa memorial hall at Annigeri in Dharwad district on Saturday, the CM said Rs 5 crore has been released for Annigeri TMC.Replying to a query on carving out new taluks, Shettar said the matter will be discussed and suitable action will be taken. The government will provide special tahshildar and sub-registrar's office to Annigeri as per their long pending demand.Speaking on the occasion, MP Prahlad Joshi said that under the 'Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana' Rs 6 crore has been released for road construction between Kondikoppa and Saidapur villages and Ayatti and Morab villages using new technology. Before this, the CM performed bhoomi pooja for the construction of saint poet Kumaravyasa Memorial hall at Koliwad village in Hubli taluk where Kumaravyasa was born.Cops clash with photographersTension prevailed for a while following a war of words between police and media persons during the function at Annigeri when press photographers were restricted from covering the chief minister's event. When the CM rose to inaugurate the function, cops held press photographers back from clicking snaps.Meanwhile, MP Prahlad Joshi requested police officials to allow press photographers, even though some of the officials again restricted photographers at this time. Then chief minister Shettar himself had to intervene and order the IGP who was present at the spot to allow photographers.Adikavi Pampa memorial hallTo motivate and encourage the younger generation to take interest in Kannada literature, the state government has constructed Adikavi Pampa memorial hall by spending Rs 1.35 crore in Annigeri village. Surrounded by a beautiful lawn, the memorial hall has a function hall, library and other facilities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16510018", "title": "IIM-Ranchi conclave concludes", "text": "RANCHI: The two-day long seminar on industrial relations 'Turning the Tide on Unrest in Workforce' at IIM-Ranchi concluded on Saturday.Chief people officer C Sreenivasan of Ramky Infra, said first of all the human resources managers should try their best to avoid any unrest at the workplace.\"But if such a situation takes place the managers should handle it carefully. Mob should be given a patient hearing. Neither should they be allowed to go out of control nor should the management treat them badly,\" said Sreenivasan at the first panel discussion on conflict management.While Allen Sequeria, advisor, Mahindra and Mahindra said that enhanced communication between workforce and managers is important, Vikas Shirodkar, vice president General Motors , said that workers are becoming more aware of their rights. IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier said HR issues are becoming critical in every organization.The conclave also showcased various videos which it had received as entries for a nationwide video making competition. It was called \"work life balance\" and saw participation from various B-schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16510891", "title": "Zilla Parishad lapses reveal shabbiness in local governance", "text": "NASHIK: While zilla parishads (ZPs) are expected to play a crucial role in the welfare of people at the district level, under the panchayat raj system, recent developments at the Nashik zilla parishad have revealed the shabby management of affairs not only by of the elected representatives but also the bureaucracy.Recent meetings of the zilla parishad have witnessed elected representatives demanding more funds for executing proposals moved by them or plans that they think would improve the lot of people. This is despite the fact that a substantial chunk of funds earmarked for developmental projects in the district remain unspent and there is no actual development taking place at the ground level.Besides, nonchalant officials of the zilla parishad, including heads of departments, have been so inert that they have also skipped crucial meetings or have reached the meetings late.Therefore, when during a recent ZP meeting held to review developmental works in the district, district guardian minister, Chhagan Bhujbal , raised concern over the manner in which the zilla parishad was being governed. The knee-jerk reaction of the officials to this observation was to keep it a secret. In an apparent bid to sweep the issue under the carpet, senior officials simply asked members of the media who were covering the event to leave the meeting hall.At a time when the Right to Information Act has been enacted to bring in transparency in governance, albeit only for government agencies, the action of the zilla parishad officials in asking the media to walk out of the meeting revealed the opaque side of governance.The zilla parishad is a public institution that is run by elected representatives and officials paid through tax payers' money. The gesture by the officials only amounted to their shame being covered by a fig leaf.Notwithstanding the secrecy in discussing the affairs of the parishad by its officials and elected representatives who went into a huddle - the issues that came to the fore at the meeting are yet to be fully redressed. These included the shortage of doctors at primary health centres and the scarcity of teachers in zilla parishad schools, apart from the inertia in paper-work and officials skipping meetings or arriving late.While there has been no movement on proper planning and the execution of developmental programmes, the officials, including heads of departments, are finally facing showcause notices for their indiscipline.Mockery of a drillThe police force, which is perennially struggling to come to terms with the crime scenario prevailing in the city, has been conducting mock drills at public places to check and exhibit their preparedness in tackling disasters. However, at times, it seems that they end up doing a mockery of such drills.At one such recent drill in the city, a dummy bomb was planted in a mall and a robot was used to remove and dispose of it.However, the whole exercise revealed the clumsy side of the police personnel involved in the exercise. The robot ended up dropping the 'bomb' twice with spectators giggling at the faux pas. The police officials, however, had the nerve to respond by saying that the 'bomb' was not a real one and that it had been \"diffused\" before the robot was deployed to carry it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509535", "title": "My mind is my eye now, I can handle anything: Pratish Datta", "text": "Sheer grit and determination can do wonders. And 23-year-old Pratish Datta , a visually challenged student from IIT-Kharagpur, knows all about it. He recently received the J C Bose Memorial Gold Medal for best academic performance in the two-year PG course in science from President Pranab Mukherjee. While this honour has been special, Datta has been a topper all his life. He tells Shobha John that if one tries, one can do anything; lack of sight is hardly an impedimentYou did MSc in mathematics at IIT and are known to do complex mathematical calculations mentally. How is that possible?It goes back to my childhood. I lost vision in one eye at six months of age and had poor vision in the other. My parents felt that if I studied a lot, the pressure would damage this eye too. So my mother would read all my lessons to me and I would memorize them. Even maths sums were done mentally. I knew no other way to do it. Over time, practice made me perfect. I also manage to finish my exams in almost the same time as normal students. But a lot of higher mathematics is not just calculation but visualization too and I can handle that. Even Swiss mathematician Leonhard Euler lost his vision in the last 17 years of his life. But he continued to do research. My mind is my eye now.How did you cope with the loss of your eyesight?I was doing my second year at St Xavier's College in Kolkata in 2008 when I lost vision in my second eye. I was shocked to suddenly see a dark world but my parents and teachers stood by me. As I loved studies, I decided to concentrate on that. All my happiness is related to studies. Even when I came to IIT, there were many questions about whether I would be able to cope. But my faculty helped me with a competent scribe, which itself takes the load off students like me. He's a computer operator here who understands mathematics symbols and has done presentations for various seminars.The dean of student affairs also helped me find accommodation within the campus. I also have nice friends , especially Fouzoul Atik who studied with me in MSc. He would sit beside me, dictate what was written on the board, take me from one class to another, xerox pages for me...he was very happy when I got the gold medal.Was it difficult to handle the pressure in IIT with this impairment? Your mother seems to have sacrificed a lot.As I was able to see in childhood, I understood maths symbols and could do well. But for many others, the fact that higher education books aren't in Braille are a handicap. An attempt should be made to convert them so that others like me don't suffer. As for my mother, she has stood by me like a rock. Even when I said I wanted to study in IIT, she told me bravely, 'Go as far as you want, I will be with you.' And she did. She left Kolkata where my father is a civil engineer and came to stay with me, an only child, here at Kharagpur.What should education institutions do for the visually challenged?They should be generous towards them and help them as much as possible. Such students already start with a disadvantage and could do with a leg-up in life. Give them competent scribes and good scholarships.What do you plan to do now?I want to do my PhD in cryptology and network security as it's a field which is gaining importance and involves both maths and algebra. I want to continue doing research.You seem to lead a normal life -you use the mobile quite well and have a Facebook profile. How do you manage these?I have memorized the keys and functions of my mobile so I can use it effortlessly. I also have a computer screen-reading software called JAWS which reads out whatever text there is on it.Your Facebook profile shows you having varied interests, including football and cricket.I used to play cricket when I could. Now I just hear the commentary.It also mentions that you like chatting with hot girls. Does that happen often?(Laughs) It's not like that. I have got some popularity after the award but it's not like I chat with many girls. I am particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16515272", "title": "Three Banglorean youths get a renewed lease of life.", "text": "MANGALORE: Lifeguards of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project on Sunday saved three tourists from Bangalore from drowning in the Arabian Sea at Panambur beach near here. The trio - Shahrukh, Yasser and Naveen from SG Road, Bangalore were part of a four-member group of students who had come to the beach early in the morning and were enjoying the warm waters of the sea when they were sucked in by a rip current.Lifeguards who spotted the trio getting sucked in immediately jumped into the sea avoiding the area where rip currents are present and pulled them out. The trio did not suffer much physical discomfort as the lifeguards spotted them early and rescued them, said Yathish Baikampady, chief executive officer of the project, adding that the tourists later left the beach after resting there for some time, shaken by their brief ordeal in the sea.This incidentally is the third major instance of life guards' of the tourism project rescuing tourists this monsoon. The lifeguards on the morning of July 14 had thwarted a bid by Shwetha, 21, from Bangalore to end her life at Panambur beach and rescued Sai Tej, 13, part of a group of tourists from drowning later that day. Ansar, 21, a resident of Mallur Badriyanagar post, Neerumarga was saved by these lifeguards on August 21.Most tourists do not understand the dynamics of the sea and the perils that rip currents pose to them, Yathish said, adding most such incidents take place as the tourists ignore warnings given to them by life guards, who basically are local fishermen with extensive knowledge of how the sea behaves at varying times. There has been no case of drowning death at Panambur beach since October 2009 after the beach was handed over to the Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509984", "title": "Sky\u2019s the limit this season of giving", "text": "CHENNAI: What's the connection between renowned Tamil composer Illayaraja's career and a giant eggless chocolate cake? Not much except that on October 2, a team of chefs in Chennai will assemble a 100-metre-long cake that will bear photos of around 950 films that the legendary composer has scored music for.Taking a cue from their successful photo cake fund-raising event last year, Chennai's The French Loaf, a bakery that is part of Oriental Cuisines Private Ltd, will bake a photo cake weighing around 1,000 kg this year too, as part of the Joy of Giving Week. Each kilo of this cake will cost Rs 1,500, and the proceeds will go to Ekam Foundation, a Chennai-based NGO working to provide medical support to underprivileged children. \"People are already reserving slices of the cake depending on their favourite films and scenes,\" reveals CEO Narendra Malhotra.The photo cake, however, is just one of several unique ways in which corporates and NGOs are planning to raise funds during the Joy of Giving Week this year. CORP ( Community Outreach Programme), which aims to provide a platform for the holistic development of children and women, is also hoping to enter the hearts of donors through their tastebuds. \"As part of our initiative 'Cook for a Shelter, we are asking people to invite their friends home, and cook for and with them,\" says Stefano Funari, an Italian. \"We expect you to show them how to cook some of your signature dishes,\" he adds, \"The guests, who will know in advance about the charity event, can then make a small donation anonymously.\" The proceeds would go to CORP's Thane shelter which takes care of 30 underprivileged kids.Another way of ensuring the development of youth is to give them a constructive avenue for self-expression. That's why Delhi's Milaan, an NGO working with marginalised children, will throw open the gates of its rural school Swarachna, near Lucknow for its 'Aao Paint Kare, Kuch Change Kare' campaign. \"People between the ages of 13 and 35 wuill be invited to paint the walls of the school along with the children,\" says Divya Sharma of Milaan. A 'Tree of Oneness' bearing the imprints of the children's palms is another highlight of the initiative.Bangalore's Lakkasandra Ashwini Mahila Sangha (LAMS), an NGO working for the empowerment of women, is hoping to leave an imprint, not on walls, but in the minds of 30 victims of child labour. The NGO plans to take these children to The Aircraft &amp; Systems Testing Establishment, an Air Force establishment in Bangalore. These are minors who once worked as labourers, but are now habilitated by the National Child Labour School at Gurappanpalya in Bangalore. \"I want to see the joy on their faces as they get a feel of the fighter jets and choppers there,\" says Fatima Lawrence, president of LAMS. \"This joy is our satisfaction and contribution towards the Joy of Giving Week\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16510644", "title": "Idols stolen from temple in Faizabad", "text": "FAIZABAD: Three precious and ancient idols of Devkaali temple in Faizabad city were found stolen on Saturday. The temple is located adjacent to police outpost in Faizabad Kotwali police station area. According to the locals, the theft that took place in the intervening night of Friday/Saturday came to light on Saturday morning.According to the police, when the priest of Devkaali temple came to open the door of 'Garbhgriha' of the temple on Saturday morning, he found the idols missing. \"One was of Maha Kaali, another was of Maha Laxmi and the third one was Maha Saraswati. All of them were precious, ancient and centre of belief of crores of devotees,\" said the priest. The news of the theft angered the community. \"This is one of the important temples for us and now it seems that even gods are not safe in this city,\" said a devotee. The police have registered a case and started investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16509816", "title": "2 conservancy firms face Chennai Corporation heat", "text": "CHENNAI: Garbage collection in the city is likely to raise a stink with two conservancy agencies, appointed by the Chennai Corporation, being hauled up for lapses, including overflowing bins and irregular clearance. On Saturday, soon after the corporation asked Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd to pay Rs 6 crore fine for lapses, it asked Neel Metal Fanalca to improve services or face termination of contract.Ramky Enviro Engineers, working in three zones in the city, has threatened to pull out of the contract.Officials from Neel Metal Fanalca (NMF) were not available for comment. But sources said the corporation might try and retain both agencies as it would be difficult for it to handle garbage collection in four zones.While Ramky operates in Adyar, Tenampet and Kodambakkam, NMF clears garbage in Ambattur.Both agencies have been facing flak for poor garbage clearance as they had manpower issues.\"The workers' salaries are low, so NMF faces a severe labour shortage. Most bins are broken and compactor lorries require repairs, but the agency doesn't have funds to rectify the situation ,\" said an official.NMF began clearing garbage from Adyar, Ice House and Kodambakkam zones in the city in 2007, and got Pulianthope in 2008. But in 2011, Adyar and Kodambakkam were later handed over to Hyderabad-based Ramky Enviro Ltd and the corporation uses its own staff for clearing garbage in the Pulianthope zone and Ice house area. On Saturday, the civic body issued NMF a notice, instructing it to improve performance at Ambattur.\"We may terminate services unless it improves,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.In Nolambur, where there are more than 1,500 apartments within a 100-metre radius, residents left garbage bags outside their complexes, after conservancy workers failed to turn up. \"The garbage bags have become an eyesore,\" said R Balaji, a resident. NMF clears around 150 tonnes of garbage from eight of the 15 wards in Ambattur.In May 2010, a council resolution recommended a gradual withdrawal of NMF's operations. Between June and August 2010, the corporation took over garbage clearance in select wards of Kodambakkam. Protesting against the move , the company served a termination notice of its service and also moved the Madras high court, which asked the company to execute the contract till December 31, 2011. In February, Ramky took over. But Chennai Corporation officials say they still haven't seen results.Ramky officials blamed the corporation for insisting on increasing their manpower and doubling the number of bins. \"We quoted Rs 1,469 per tonne, which was not feasible, but we agreed,\" said Ramky's national head Ram Mohan Rao. \"They never gave us a daily evaluation. Every month they paid only 75% of our dues. We told them we have to part ways,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16510986", "title": "Income tax raids on 10 real estate firms", "text": "INDORE: Investigation wing sleuths of income tax (I-T) department swooped down on 45 premises of city-based 10 real estate firms on Saturday. A team of 300 officials conducted the operations and recovered Rs 2 crore in cash and sealed 15 lockers of nine realtors. The raids are expected to continue on Sunday as well.An spokesman of the department told ToI that a host of irregularities have come to the fore during the raid so far. At DB, it was found that the land plots were shown to be acquired at discounted rates thus evading huge amount of tax. At Silver Spring, which is said to have considerable amount of FDI, it was found that a plot measuring over 400 acre was acquired in an area close to its project in the city and was being sold as plots at existing market rates. A number of bogus entries were found during the raid. In case of Sakar, stamp duty had been duly paid by the company as per rule. However, its registry was done at a much lower price.Some of the other builders on whose premises the search was under way include Apollo, Garha, NRK, Pumarth, Mohan Chugh, Mamsukhani, Royal and Bhandari. Pumarth's Mumbai office is also being investigated, the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16511416", "title": "Quality education for the differently-abled in city", "text": "VARANASI: The differently abled children from the poor economic background can now look forward to a better quality of education. The basic education department has organised its third pre-integration camp under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) in the district in August. The 10-month free of cost residential camp is imparting education to around 107 children who are either visually or hearing impaired.\"The admission is still going on, we have the resources to accommodate as many as 120 children. Most of the children admitted here come from families below the poverty line,\" informed Supriya Mishra, warden of the visually impaired section. There are separate wings for visually impaired and hearing impaired children. The camp is situated in Shivpur area in the premises of Kasturba Balika Avasiya Vidyalaya.The study pattern in the school is fully residential bridge course and it follows all the norms of primary education under SSA. \"Children who study here are either dropouts or those who have never been to school due to social stigmas and other reasons. For 10 months, they are trained to bridge the gap in their education as per their age and mental ability,\" informed Mishra. Besides, there are separate rooms for boys and girls. According to another warden, Ruby Pandey, There are six caretakers who look after the cleanliness of rooms, helping children with their clothes, books, and other belongings. A monthly medical check-up of every child is also conducted in the camp premises.\"Apart from imparting education, we also try to develop confidence in them because when admitted in the camp, they generally suffer from low self esteem due to their disability. Fluency in Braille and speech therapy and sports proves to be useful,\" added Pandey.Students are educated taking help from flash cards, pictures, charts, replica of animals, fruits, vegetables, puzzles, audio visual presentation, and hearing aids. For visually impaired children, camp is well-stocked with Braille stationary and typewriter for students. According to district coordinator, inclusive education, Triloki Nath Sharma, this is the fourth pre-integration camp of the district under SSA.According to basic shiksha adhikari, Param Hans Yadav, \"the camp will end in May 2013. Efforts are being made to add more such children to the camp.\"While most of the students, after training in the camp, are admitted in several special schools to complete their basic and higher education, few girls of the camp have decided to choose normal inter colleges for their education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16509822", "title": "Doc caught doing unauthorized surgery at civil hospital", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Social organization Prahar on Saturday caught a private doctor, contracted for surgeries of school students under National Rutal Health Mission, while carrying out surgeries on other patients at the civil hospital here. Hospital authorities confirmed that the accused Dr Amal Poddar has no authorization for operating upon adult patients, but filed no police complaint in the matter.Prahar president Pradeep Deshmukh claimed that he had received a complaint from the kin of a patient Sulochana Kusre who was admitted at the civil hospital here. She was denied surgery due to lack of a surgeon in the hospital and was referred to Nagpur. The doctors treating her however asked her to approach Dr Poddar, who could agree to carry out her surgery at civil hospital at concessionary charges.\"Kusre's kin approached Dr Poddar who agreed to operate her for Rs 6,000 at the civil hospital. However, neither the patient nor the doctor obtained any authorization from the civil surgeon. Still, Dr Poddar, on his own authority, operated on Kusre on Saturday morning at the civil hospital,\" said Deshmukh. He alleged that it is a racket underway at civil hospital in connivance of hospital authorities and private surgeons.After Dr Poddar completed Kusre's operation, Prahar activists led by Deshmukh reached the operation theatre and questioned Dr Poddar about his authority to operate on adult patients at civil hospital.Dr Poddar explained that he has been retained by civil hospital to carry out surgeries in school health cases under NRHM. \"I charge nothing for the surgeries of schoolchildren under NRHM. However, if there is emergency case needing surgery in civil hospital, I operate upon them on request of kin of patients,\" said Dr Poddar. He agreed to operating on two adult patients on Saturday despite having no written authorization for it.Dr Poddar explained that poor patients like Kusre cannot afford the charges of a private hospital, where similar surgery could cost Rs 30,000. Taking the patients to Nagpur government hospital too is a costly affair. \"Hence, while I am in civil hospital for NRHM operations, I also operate such poor patients at nominal charges of Rs 6000, out of my social concern,\" he said. He agreed that if any complications occur during the operation, it is his and the civil surgeon's responsibility.Resident medical officer and in-charge civil surgeon Dr Sarita Hazare also claimed that Dr Poddar has been retained for operations of school students under NRHM and has no authorization for operating other adult patients at the civil hospital. She explained that civil hospital has only one surgeon and he too is on sick leave for a week. The hospital has high pressure of around 1,500 surgeries of school health cases under NRHM. Hence they had requested Dr Poddar to help them out, to which he had agreed.Pradeep Deshmukh claimed that civil surgeon has agreed to investigate into the case and file complaint against Dr Poddar by Monday. He threatened to launch intense agitation against civil hospital authorities if they failed to file a criminal complaint with police in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513954", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel to be censored on Sep 24", "text": "Prabhas' upcoming action entertainer Rebel would be censored on September 24, 2012. The producers of the film are making arrangements to schedule the film's screening for censor on the said date and release the film on September 28. Albeit, the producers are yet to officially announce the number, it is certain that the film will have a humongous release.Raghava Lawrence, who is directing the film, is also giving the soundtrack. Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth are playing the leading ladies. The unit of Rebel have plans to celebrate a grand platinum disc function shortly. Two trailers featuring two songs of one minute each have just been released recently. Rebel is being billed as the most expensive film in Prabhas' career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16510154", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Monday between 9am to 5pm for maintenance work. Supply will be resumed before 5pm if the works are completed.Chepauk: T V Station, Royapettah, Triplicane, PWD Complex, Presidency College, Big Street, Sydoji St &amp; Lane, Ranganathan St, D V Naidu St, Khanabagh St &amp; Lane, Butchibabu Street, T H Rd, Aiyapillai St, Akbar Sahib St, OVM St, Mosque St, Lal Md St &amp; Lane, Lal Begum St, Muftiamriullah St, Canal Rd, MAC Stadium, Bells Road, CNK Road &amp; Lane, Venakatesan St, Arumugam St, Miyan Sahib I &amp; II St, Murugappa Achari St, Arunachala Achari St, Subramani St &amp; Lane, Typoonalikhan St, Yusuf Labbai St &amp; Lane, Abdulkareem St, Lane and Cross St, Md Abdullah St &amp; Lane, Ezhilagam Complex, Madras University Complex, Wallaja Road.Anna Nagar: Anna Nagar A to W block, VOC Nagar, Shenoy Nagar, Aminjikarai, RV Nagar, TP Chatram, Parts of Kilpauk Garden Road, Periyakudai AA to AM block, Thiruveethi Amman Koil.Sembium: Muthamil Nagar, T H Road, Moolakadai part, Teachers' Colony, Madhavaram High Road, Ramana Nagar Entire, M P M Street, State Bank Colony, Shanthi Colony, R V Nagar, Kamarajar Salai, GNT Road, Venkateswara Nagar part, Gopalapuram, Kolathur, St Mary Road, Pallavan Salai, Ponnusamy Nagar, Kamarajar Nagar, Periyar Nagar entire, Gowthamapuram, Eithiraj Salai, SA Colony, Milice Colony, Fancin Colony, Madhavaram, Alex Nagar Colony, Leather Estate, KKR Garden, Karkanji Colony Sembium area's, B B Road, P H Road, Satiyavani Muthu Nagar.Ayapakkam: Aparna Nagar, TNHB and surrounding areas, Kalaivanar Nagar, Ayapakkam, ICF Colony, Ezhil Nagar and surrounding areas, Sundara Vinayagar Nagar, Annanur, SA Polytechnic, Narayanapuram, Perumal Nagar, K S R Nagar, V G N Shanthi Nagar, TNHB Phase - III.Seven Wells: Parts of - Mannady, Broadway, Amman Koil Street, Anaikaran Street, Periyannan Street, Nattu Pillaiyar Street, Krishna Iyyer Street, Arumugam Street, Govindhappa Naicken Street, MK Garden, Seenu Mudhali Street, Seenu Iyer Street, Girigori Street, Veerasamy Street, Paramananthan Street, Barracks Street, PV Iyer Street, Sambu Iyer Street, Thatha Muthiyappan Street, Varadha Muthiyappan Street, Ramakrishnan Street, PG Church Street, BRN Garden, Shanmuga Mudhali Street, Pedariyar Street, Shanmugarayan Street, Thaiappan Street, Asirvathapuram, Hacker Jockson Street, Jill Street, Coral Merchant Street, Ramasamy Street, Malayappan Street, St Xavier Street, Mint Street, Mangammal Street and Lane, Vaithiyanathan Street, Seven wells Street, KN Agaraharam, Kuppaiya Street, Venkatraman Street, Kondaliyer Street.Pammal: Pammal, Anna Salai, Anakaputhur, Nagalkeni, Pozhichalur, Shankar Nagar and adjoining areas, Cowl Bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16513438", "title": "Archita is ready for some action", "text": "Ollywood actor Archita Sahu will kick some butt as a tough cop in her forthcoming film, ACP SagarikaYou've heard about ACP Ranveer, a film that is being touted as Anubhav Mohanty's dream project. But, have you heard of ACP Sagarika ? Well, it's a new film that is being made in Ollywood. The title role will be played by none other than Archita Sahu. But the pretty actor claims that this film doesn't have any connection with Anubhav's movie.\"I was first offered the lead role in ACP Ranveer opposite Anubhav, so I have a fair idea about its storyline. I can definitely say that ACP Sagarika doesn't have any similarity with it apart from the first part of the name,\" she told us.The film is about a lady-cop, who tries to solve mysterious serial-killings that have been happening in the city. This action-thriller will be directed by debutante filmmaker Biranshi Narayan Panda. He has also penned the script of the film. Interestingly, the Odia audience, who saw Archita portraying a bubbly, girl-next-door characters, will now get to see her in a completely new avatar. As a cop, ACP Sagarika only cares for justice and has immense love for her family. Romance doesn't interest her. When we asked, why did she decide to do such an unusual role, Archita said that she found playing a tough cop extremely exciting and challenging.\"The fact that I don't have a romantic interest in the film is what interested me the most. ACP Sagarika cares only about her family and society. Nothing frivolous interests her. She is emotionally strong and doesn't tolerate nonsense. I'm really looking forward to don a cop's uniform. Moreover, I also get to do a lot of action sequences, which is like a bonus for me,\" she added.The film also has another set of hero-heroine providing the necessary romance-quotient. Abhishek is playing the hero's role. Like Biranshi, this is also his first film. Veteran actor Mihir Das will be seen in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16509408", "title": "'Cash-for-judge' case adjourned for Oct 22", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court on Saturday adjourned the hearing in cash-for-judge scam case, which had rocked the city in August 2008, for October 22. Arguments would be heard over framing of charges against the accused during the next hearing date.Besides, the court has also directed former Punjab and Haryana high court judge Nirmal Yadav to appear personally in the court on the next hearing. She did not appear in the court on Saturday and furnished a medical certificate seeking exemption from personal appearance.\"I have sought two-day time to present evidence before the court on behalf of the prosecution. The hearing would be conducted for two consecutively days and argument would be done over framing of charges in this case,\" said special public prosecutor Anupam Gupta, who is the CBI's lawyer in this case.CBI had filed a chargesheet against Yadav for corruption, conspiracy, destroying evidence and creation of false evidence on March 4, 2011. At that time, Yadav was posted at Uttarakhand high court and retired the same day.The scandal had surfaced after a clerk, allegedly sent by the then additional advocate general of Haryana Sajeev Bansal, dropped money at the official residence of Justice Nirmaljit Kaur on August 13, 2008. Justice Kaur reported the matter to the local police about an attempt to bribe her by sending a briefcase containing Rs 15 lakh in cash. When the matter was investigated by CBI and an in-house panel of three judges appointed by the Supreme Court (SC), both held Justice Yadav responsible for irregular purchase of land at Solan.In its report, CBI found that Justice Nirmal Yadav required Rs 15 lakh on August 13, 2008 for financing the purchase of 11.01 bighas of land at Rihun village of Solan district in Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509007", "title": "Tyres key to safe driving on Yamuna Expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recurring blowouts on the Yamuna Expressway and the resultant accidents have raised safety concerns among tourists and other users headed for Agra. But experts say the higher-than-usual rate of tyre failure on the expressway results from high speed and the cement-concrete road surface.About 85% of the road is built with cement-concrete, which causes greater heating than bitumen used in city roads. So, the faster you drive, the greater the chance of a tyre overheating and bursting.TOI explains how to keep your tyres expressway-worthy for a safe journey:Experts say car tyres should be checked minutely before heading down an expressway. Each car must also carry a spare tyre in good condition. \"Cement concrete roads are harder than bituminous roads, which results in lesser rolling resistance of the tyres. While this means that the friction is more as it is a rigid pavement, it also means that there is slightly more chance of heating of tyres,\" explained PK Sikdar, former director of CRRI. The nylon threads inside radial tyres heat up due to friction, especially on long journeys at a high speed.The first safeguard against tyre heating is to maintain proper inflation. \"Optimum air pressure in tyres must be maintained for proper control. If it is below the correct limit, the tyre footprint will be more, and can result in overheating due to friction. If it is too high, the footprint will be smaller, resulting in reduced control,\" said SP Singh, convener of All-India Tyre Dealers Federation. The optimum pressure depends on the car model.Experts also recommend filling nitrogen in tyres for greater durability. Tyres filled with nitrogen need to be topped up only once in six months.Car owners must also make sure that the 'tread wear indicator' (TWI), marked on the side of each tyre is intact. The tyre should never wear down to the indicator (which is usually about 1.6mm of tread thickness). It should be replaced before that happens, say experts. The wheel alignment and balancing should also be checked regularly. This is a computerized process and ensures that wear and tear does not occur disproportionately.\"Check for suppression or cracking in tyres. Such a defect has to be fixed by the manufacturer and the tyre should be sent to them immediately. Users shouldn't use old, repaired or patch-worked tyres, especially on high-speed corridors,\" added Singh.It is also a good idea to break the journey as travelling at consistently high speed along the 165km expressway takes a toll on the tyres, overheating them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16511552", "title": "7 die of mystery fever, toll reaches 130", "text": "KANPUR: Seven more died of mystery fever while one dengue death was reported in city here on Saturday. The death toll due to mystery fever crossed the mark of 130 in the past three weeks.Apart from deaths, three new dengue cases were also reported in the city. All the tests were resulted positive by the microbiology department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi memorial medical college.Two among the three dengue patients are being treated at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital while one is admitted in Madhuraj nursing home.One swine flu patient was also detected by the GSVM microbiology department on Friday.Kirti (5), Neha (2), Afsha (9), Shivam (10) and Himanshu (11) died at the pediatric department of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital on Saturday. All these kids were showing the signs of viral fever, and symptoms of malaria.Two other deaths were also reported from mystery fever in the city among which one, Chote died at LLR emergency. Another patient, Rakesh died in a private hospital suffering from the same disease.Apart from the deaths, one more case of Japanese Encephalitis was also reported in the city who is being treated at LLR.The patient named, Fukre Alam, is reported with JE, which was diagnosed and confirmed by the doctors of microbiology department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical college.The health authorities, have geared up to identify the cause of this mystery havoc. The continuous increase in the number of fever cases being reported everyday is causing concern for the health authorities.Meanwhile, medical experts said that the stagnant water after rains in the region have only aggravated the problem, as mosquitoes get more breeding grounds. The absence of fogging operations in the entire district has worsened the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16508990", "title": "'Fill up posts in state women's commission'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Questioning the wisdom of the state government in keeping vacant all the posts of the state women's commission including that of the chairperson and members for the last four years, a public interest litigation petition was filed in the AP high court seeking a direction to the state to fill the posts immediately.S Malathi Rani, state president of Bharatiya Janata Mahila Morcha, stated that the government has failed to fill up the posts of the chairperson and members till today even after expiry of the tenure of the members and chairperson of the commission in the year 2008 itself. In spite of several representations to the chief minister and the minister for women and child welfare, no action was taken in this regard, the petitioner contended. The state government had not even responded to our hunger strike on July 25, 2012 with the demand to forthwith constitute the commission in order to protect the rights of women, she said.The petitioner further said that the government has constituted the first women's commission on June 1, 1999 and it continued for a period of five years i.e. till May 31, 2004. Thereafter the second commission was constituted on Jan 27, 2005, and its chairperson and members have discharged their duties for nearly three years. She requested the court to declare the government's action in not constituting the commission since last four years as illegal and arbitrary.In a separate development, another petition was filed challenging the reappointment of Congress MP Kanumuri Bapiraju and 10 others as chairman and members of the board of trustees of Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) for a period of two years.Petitioner PV Vijaya Bhasker, an advocate from Mahbubnagar district and a devotee, submitted that the appointed members including public representatives and others are not entitled to become the trustee of the board for the reason that their appointments are made against the set principles of law and rules pertaining to AP Charitable Hindu religious institutions and endowments Act, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16509841", "title": "Youth molests child in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A 26-year-old youth was arrested for molesting a two-and-a-half-year-old girl at Howrah's Shibpur on Saturday afternoon. Around 4.30pm, the child was standing in front of her house on AK Roychowdhury Lane when the youth - identified as her neighbour Betal Mian - lured her to his home and offered to play with her.The youth then took the girl to his room and allegedly molested her by stripping her clothes. When the girl's mother heard the screams of her daughter, she rushed to Betal's house and found him molesting her daughter. The locals also rushed to the spot and dragged Betal out of his house. They beat him up before handing him over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16510002", "title": "Gurkhas robbed homes they were supposed to watch", "text": "NAGPUR: Gurkhas, once known for their loyalty and courage and still deployed at most residential localities as guards, seem to have suffered an erosion of values if experience of Kuhi police is anything to go by. They arrested three Gurkhas on September 16 for stealing in the very locality where they worked as as watchmen and sending money to their native place in Nepal. One of the nabbed Gurkhas was working as a watchman at the residence of a senior income tax officer.The gang would assure their families they would guard the home whenever they would be away but break into the residences after the family left. Thereafter, these Gurkhas would themselves call up the house-owners and inform them about the burglary. On many occasions, grateful owners gave generous tips to these Gurkhas for being the first to inform them about the theft. It is learnt another Gurkha gang has already slipped out to Nepal before the trio was nabbed.Kuhi police arrested Dhanbahadur Sahi (26), Sajjan Dholi (32) and Chhatrasahi Sahi (30). During investigation, police recovered 30 tolas of gold worth Rs 9 lakh, 700 gms silver costing around Rs 45,000, cash Rs 7,000, cameras, expensive wrist watches, five mobile phones and 10 SIM cards. Around 10 cases of house-breakings have been detected. The trio admitted to have committed four burglaries at Kuhi, three at Mandhal, one each at Khaparkheda, Beltur and Bhiwapur. An imported pistol, meant for firing pellets, has been also seized from them.The investigating team under senior inspector of Kuhi Prakash Hake also recovered 17 passbooks of different banks and several receipts indicating that the amounts have been sent to Nepal on many occasions. \"The gang of three Gurkhas had been committing burglaries for the last couple of years,\" he said. PI Hake said the gang never left any clue at any of the places they had robbed. Superintendent of police, Nagpur rural, Manoj Sharma said the trio back-stabbed the house-owners who trusted them.It is learnt Dhanbahadur worked at Kuhi, Sajjan at Mandhal and Chhatrasahi at Mankapur in Nagpur at the residence of an income tax official. The trio would contact each other whenever one would have a plan in mind. Sajjan was expert in breaking locks two others aided him. PI Hake said the trio had a plan to sneak away to Nepal. They had also purchased tickets. Dhanbahadur needed money. He approached a local jeweller at Kuhi. The jeweller contacted police through an informer as he had doubts. Police first rounded up Dhanbahadur who led the cops to his accomplices.During search at Dhanbahadur's residence, police found stolen gold on the roof of the bathroom and also in the pillows. Sajjan, it is learnt, had hid several stolen valuables in a pit that he had covered with loose earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16510191", "title": "Crop loan scheme benefits over 1.3 lakh farmers", "text": "YAVATMAL: Over 1.3 lakh farmers across Yavatmal district have got interest relief to the tune of Rs12.18 crore on availing short term crop loan under the government sponsored Panjabrao Deshmukh Interest Concession (PDIC) scheme.According to district deputy registrar (DDR) of cooperative societies, Lakshmansingh Katare, the scheme was introduced in 2009-10 for farmers from Yavatmal district. \"It envisaged interest relief to farmers availing short term crop loan on repayment within predetermined time frame. In the last three years, 1,37,697 farmers have benefited from this scheme.\"Under the scheme, farmers who obtained loan up to Rs one lakh and did repayment within the prescribed tenure (i.e. up to June 30), were entitled for three per cent interest concession. Farmers who took loan ranging from Rs1 to 3 lakh and repaid within the tenure were entitled for two per cent concession on annual interest.During 2009-10 fiscal, the state government contributed a lion's share for the scheme. Funds were also made available from district planning and development council programmes such as special category scheme and non-tribal region sub plan.During 2011-12, Rs4.5 crore was received and utilized for the scheme, informed Katare. He urged the farmers to avail the benefit of the scheme in future also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16514407", "title": "Aadi\u2019s Sukumarudu progressing at RFC", "text": "G Ashok of Pilla Jamindaru fame is directing Sukumarudu with Aadi and Nisha Agarwal in the lead. The movie is currently being shot at Ramoji Film City where the unit is filming crucial scenes on the movie's lead cast. Sukumarudu is tipped to be a family entertainer and Ashok exudes confidence that the film will attract all sections of the audience.Veteran actress Urvasi Sharada will also be seen sharing screen space with superstar Krishna after a gap of 30 years while Neelam Upadhyay is playing a key role. Anup Rubens is scoring the music, Sai Sriram cranks the camera and Chandrasekhar Gundimeda is penning the dialogues. Sukumarudu is produced by K Venu Gopal under Sri Soudamini Creations banner while KVV Satyanarayana is presenting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16509099", "title": "Freight traffic disrupted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Railway freight traffic on Kottavalasa-Kirandul (KK) line was disrupted for more than six hours on Saturday after huge boulders fell on the tracks. No casualty or damage to property was reported.The incident occurred between Borra and Similiguda when a goods train was coming towards Vizag from Kirandul at around 12.25 pm. Huge boulders fell in front of the engine before it crossed the Similiguda tunnel, sources said.A day's traffic disruption on the KK line, which is the main line for freight traffic especially for the iron ore, would cost the East Coast Railway a loss of about Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 2 crore. Generally, there would be 15 rakes (goods trains) with full load of iron ore coming to Vizag from Bailadilla mines in Chattisgarh.After six hours, the traffic on the line was cleared by the railway authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16509432", "title": "Went for a dharna with a prayer to give some wisdom to BJP councilors: Mayor", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after a chaotic general body meeting with infighting among the Congress councilors coming to the fore, it was the mayor who took to the streets on Saturday to highlight the \"injustice\" meted out to her by the BJP councilors.Spilling over the political drama on to the streets, mayor Jyoti Khanddelwal led a weak dharna against the BJP councilors only to be stopped by the police for doing so without the mandatory permission. Khandelwal staged a sit-in against the BJP councillors, who had created a ruckus during Friday's general body meeting over Khandelwal's prolonged absence from the office, at the Indira Gandhi Circle. Of the 26 councillors belonging to her party, only three came out in her support.The dharna ended abruptly when the police dispersed Khandelwal and around 79 other people who were trying to reach Gandhi Circle from Indira Gandhi Circle along with 100 supporters.The city police forced her into a vehicle and dropped her at the Kanota police station and disperse the crowd.Additional DCP (East) Yogesh Dhadich said, \"We dispersed the crowd under Section 129 of CrPC. We stopped them as they did not have the permission.\"Khandelwal was supported by three councilors - Haji Ghulam Nabi, Manju Sharma and Sanjay Verma - in her protest.Khandelwal, however, claimed that they were only going to pay homage and floral tribute to Gandhiji's statue. She said, \"It was not wrong to pay floral tribute at Gandhiji's statue. We just wanted to pray at Gandhiji's statue and God to give the BJP councillors some wisdom. We were not going to give speeches there nor to sit on a dharna at the Gandhi Circle, but we were dispersed by police.\"The mayor said she just wanted to send a message to the people against the BJP with the dharna.The police also did not lodge any compliant against the protesters. Later in the evening, the mayor along with five councilors paid floral tribute after returning from Kanota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16508776", "title": "Bizarro for PMM", "text": "PUNE: S A Poonawalla Multi-Million (Grade 2), the feature event of the Sunday's Pune races, wears an open look. Cooji Katrak's Bizarro, Dallas Todywalla's Blue Ace and Bezan Chenoy's Neona are the three contenders among nine in the fray who can win this one. Katrak's Bizarro had won impressively in her last outing three weeks ago and looks a most likely winner.There are nine races on Sunday with first starting at 1 pm.Selections: 1. Inglenook Plate-Div-II: Alejandra 1, Lake View 2.2. Nationalistic Plate: Starlight Magic 1, Dictator 2.3. Inglenook Plate-Div-I: Shadows Of Time 1, Staffan 2.4. Rao Saheb Kedari Gold Trophy: Native Lady 1, Viva La Diva 2.5. Rambus Plate-Div-I: Marengo 1, Afrojack 2.6. Villoo C Poonawalla Gold Trophy: Gates Of Heaven 1, Scarlet Regent 2.7. S A Poonawalla Multi-Million: Bizarro 1, Blue Ace 2.8. Eloise Plate: Ambrosia 1, Serena 2.9. Rambus Plate-Div-II: Amika 1, Afsoon 2. Day's best: AmbrosiaRosalind wins featureFavourite Rosalind scored an easy victory in the Konark Builders Turf Challenge, the feature event of the Saturday's Pune Races.Results with Mumbai dividends1. Enaksi Plate-Div-II: Mountain Lion 1, Herzeliyah 2, Dancing Money 3, Fantastic Kingdom 4. Tote: Rs 61 for win; 19, 14, 22 for places; Shp: 43; Fc: 97; Q: 79; Tanala: 1720 and 1720. 2. Jaidev Plate: Angel Crown 1, Grand Design 2, Cypress Point 3, Sheriff 4. Tote: Rs 22 for win; 11, 13 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 42; Q: 27; Tanala: 34 and 16. 3. Mysore Race Club Trophy: Spirit Of Mercy 1, Clarion Call 2. Tote: Rs 15 for win; Shp: 14; Fc: c/f; Q: c/f; Tanala: c/f.4. Flaming Ace Plate: Helen 1, Good Looking 2, Royal Honour 3, Aflame 4. Tote: Rs 40 for win; 14, 13, 15 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 28; Q: 23; Tanala: 251 and 132.5. Czar Alexander Plate-Div-II: Windsor Queen 1, Menage A Trois 2, Winds Of Fortune 3, Wish Upon A Star 4. Tote: Rs 15 for win; 10, 11 for places; Shp: 20; Fc: 18; Q: 17; Tanala: 38 and 31.6. Proteus Plate: Blue Mellon 1, Tipping Point 2, Fifth Gear 3, Savage Garden 4. Tote: Rs 49 for win; 15, 36, 29 for places; Shp: 202; Fc: 786; Q: 327; Tanala: 5839 and 2502.7. Konark Builders Turf Challenge: Rosalind 1, Faramarz 2, Victorious March 3, Destined To Glory 4. Tote: Rs 22 for win; 13, 56, 18 for places; Shp: 160; Fc: 444; Q: 337; Tanala: 1235 and 609.8. Czar Alexander Plate-Div-I: Queen Of Venus 1, Eveready 2, Hurricane Wind 3, Ice Skates 4. Tote: Rs 18 for win; 12, 14, 13 for places; Shp: 44; Fc: 50; Q: 46; Tanala: 110 and 37.9. Enaksi Plate-Div-I: Bayblues 1, Lightening Thunder 2, Blush 3, Queen 4. Tote: Rs 30 for win; 12, 60, 26 for places; Shp: 182; Fc: 488; Q: 454; Tanala: 5477 and 1304.1st Jackpot: 70% Rs 1236 (74) &amp; 30% 238 (165); 2nd Jackpot: 70% 1072 (130) &amp; 30% 116 (515); Super Jackpot: 70% 1807 (55) &amp; 30% 188 (144); 1st Treble: 197 (23); 2nd Treble: 46 (248); 3rd Treble: 61 (372).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509982", "title": "Will Congress form the new opposition?", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress and Trinamool may have fallen apart, but speculation are rife if the single largest party with 41 MLAs in the state assembly will stake its bid for the post of leader of the opposition, till now held by CPM politburo member Surjya Kanta Mishra.Though the state Congress met on Saturday, they were no references to whether the party will actually claim the post that is at par with a state cabinet minister. Congress legislative party leader Md Sohrab said, \"If the Constitution allows us the post, we will definitely stake a claim for it.\"However, the complex arithmetic of the state assembly may pose a hurdle for the Congress. While it is the single largest party after Trinamool Congress, CPM with 39 MLAs ranks a close third. Moreover, Left Front - of which the CPM is a part - remains the largest political block other than the treasury benches. The Left Front is also a pre-poll alliance, much like the Trinamool Congress and Congress combined together. So, if Congress actually makes a claim, Speaker Biman Banerjee has to decide whether he would accord the \"leader of the opposition\" status to the person who leads the single largest party, or the one leading the largest block.Banerjee, however, refused to be drawn into any such speculation. \"Let them first write to me. Only then will we decide,\" he said.The assembly rules handbook defines the opposition as the largest party whose numerical strength is only second to the party with most number of MLAs. But former speaker Hasim Abdul Halim pointed out: \"In 1957 the then assembly Speaker Shankar Das Banerjee had given a ruling which accorded this status to the largest pre-poll political block.\"Jyoti Basu then headed the undivided communist party with 30 MLAs. But several other non-Congress political parties came together and claimed since they had 51 MLAs, they should get the status of the opposition party. The Speaker then ruled that since this political block was formed after the elections they can't stake claim as the opposition. They could have - as a political alliance - had they joined hands before going to the elections. \"While it is the Speakers's prerogative, a Speaker also has to go by past conventions,\" Halim said.Mishra refused to comment on the matter. But a senior Left Front leader said, \"Ever since the Left Front was formed after 1977, we'd always functioned as a unit. Mishra is the leader of Left Front parliamentary party and not CPM parliamentary party. Moreover, if Mishra is the leader of Left Front parliamentary party, its deputy leader is RSP's Subhas Naskar and the chief whip is Forward Bloc's Biswanath Karak. So where is the question of CPM here?\"\"Why is the Congress making so much noise over it? If Abhijit Mukherjee wins in Jangipur, can they win his Nalhati assembly seat in a three-cornered contest? If we win it or any of their MLAs switches flank now, their arithmetic would be complicated further,\" quipped another Left leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16511190", "title": "Eve-teasing blot on Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city beautiful no longer seems to be so, with its murkier side rearing its head every now and then. With incidents of eve-teasing on the rise, Chandigarh is increasingly becoming more and more unsafe for women. Eve-teasing cases, even during broad daylight, are going on unchecked. Not only women in general but even female cops here are not safe as in two instances in June, female constables were targeted by hooligans.In the wake of this worrying trend, police did a survey and zeroed in on some vulnerable areas and also figured the time slots when eve-teasers became active. Though police claimed that they have increased patrolling in these risky areas, nothing seems to be stopping ruffians on the prowl. In the last five days, two incidents were reported where girls were targeted by miscreants during daytime. We have seen that eve-teasers get active at around 2pm, when many schools close and also during late evenings near popular tourist destinations like Sukhna Lake and Rock Garden.Girls become more vulnerable while waiting for buses at bus stops or while passing through secluded roads, said Roshan Lal,DSP (PCR) wing.We carried out an exhaustive survey on eve-teasing cases in the last 12-15 months and found various risky areas. Accordingly we have deployed cops and increased patrolling there, Roshan Lal, deputy superintendent of police (PCR) wing said.From January 1 to July 31 this year, police have registered nearly a dozen cases of eve-teasing. According to the police, this year, around 324 eve-teasing complaints were received by the PCR wing till July 31. Of these, maximum eve-teasing calls 37 were received between 2pm to 4pm and 7pm to 8pm from January 1 to July 31, at the Sector 17 police station (that covers sectors 16,17, 22 and 23), while Sector 11 police station had received 28 calls.Previous IncidentsA college girl was attacked by eve-teasers, right outside her college A motorcycle rider misbehaved with a woman who was riding pillion with her husband in Sector 22 A 26-year-old IT professional was chased and molested by a group of persons while coming out of a Sector 26 discotheque A man was arrested for eve-teasing a woman constable attached with the PCR wing near Aroma Hotel in Sector 22 A woman constable faced eve-teasing by two to three persons near railway station Two drunkards were caught for eve-teasing girls outside a government school in Sector 16", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16511320", "title": "There is no room for more students here!", "text": "NEW DELHI: Already weighed down by the 54000 additional students under the OBC quota, the university infrastructure is creaking and colleges say they are not prepared to handle any more.For the OBC expansion, the colleges had received huge grants from the University Grants Commission to develop infrastructure - classrooms, laboratories, libraries etc. Despite the 2012 deadline, most colleges are yet to add new buildings. Classes are being held in lawns and gazebos at Lady Shri Ram College; at Hindu, rooms long used for storage will be converted into laboratories; and Dyal Singh College doesn't hold tutorials for lack of space, says a teacher.\"The UGC hasn't conducted any audit to see how the grants are being used,\" says Naveen Gaur, physics teacher at Dyal Singh, \"The money being poured in is not being used wisely.\" In response to an RTI filed by Gaur in 2010, it was revealed that the university's departments had collectively received Rs 117.43 crore and colleges Rs 299.37 crore from the UGC in 2008-2009 . In 2009-2010, the departments got another Rs 75 crore and colleges Rs 175 crore. The infrastructure to be built with this money for science has disappeared in \"renovation of labs\" and \"purchase of chemicals\". The zoology department saw more substantial improvements in the form of \"vertical extension of department\" and \"renovation of animal house.\" At Dyal Singh, the recently-repaired roof of the entire old block was re-laid .The university also pushed for \"bamboo\" rooms. \"The money went into bamboo rooms instead of permanent infrastructure,\" says P K Parihar, who teaches geography at the college. The rooms are now under termite attack. The four at Gargi College are faring better but demand for more can't be met because of lack of space.\"Buildings take time,\" says Mitali Mishra, who teaches English at Lady Shri Ram College, \"You need clearances and sanctions. We are very organized and classes are going on but we are teaching in the auditorium and gazebos. We are already using every room available.\" Kalindi College too is short of classrooms. At Hindu, space for new rooms has been identified within the existing structures. Two rooms used for storing outdated lab equipment will be turned into fully-functional laboratories as plans for a new building are yet to be cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kimin (arunachal pradesh)", "code": "16510484", "title": "Poor turnout of NE youths in recruitment drive of Indo-Tibetan Border Police", "text": "KIMIN (ARUNACHAL PRADESH): The director general of Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP), Ranjit Sinha, has expressed displeasure over the poor turnout of youths from the northeast in the ongoing recruitment drive of the force.\"We are concentrating on recruiting youths from the northeast in our force. But surprisingly, very few NE youths turned up for our recruitment drives,\" he said here on Friday after laying the foundation of the administrative block at Recruit Training Centre (RTC) on the 10{+t}{+h} battalion campus.He said the ITBP had offered certain relaxation in recruitment keeping in mind the physical features of the northeastern youths. \"Despite providing special relaxation for the youths of the region, only small numbers joined the force,\" he said, adding the NE youths are more physically fit to join the ITBP than youths from other parts of the region as they adapt better to colder temperatures. Referring to the present strength of the force, he said the ITBP, which was raised in 1962, has 50 battalions today and 25 new battalions will also be raised soon. \"The Union home ministry has already approved of raising additional 15 battalions, the recruitment process for which will start soon,\" he said.He added that the ministry had sanctioned Rs 38 crore for infrastructure development of the RTC, which will go a long way in motivating the youths of the region to join the force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16510601", "title": "Tenants allowed to do business on footpath", "text": "MYSORE: Tenants at Lansdowne Building can resume business in front of the monument with district minister S A Ramdas agreeing to allow them to use the space. The traders will occupy the footpath to do business even as MCC will partially demolish the structure and rebuild it.Though potentially dangerous to do business when the construction activities are on at the site, Ramdas gave traders the go-ahead after the latter rejected some alternative sites. At the end of some two-hour site-seeing exercise, the minister heeded their demand to allow them to use the footpath in front of the market.They will be allowed to put up makeshift stalls at their own cost. They will have to pay ground rent for it and adopt safety measures too. MCC will enter into an agreement with them before all this to avoid any legal wrangles that may arise later. Tenants of 55 shops on the ground floor will get the footpath to set up shops. Six tenants on the first floor can either opt to shift to Visveswaraya Building or to VV Market or adjust in the available space.Ramdas said that they will not be allowed to construct permanent shops in front of building. He also turned down the demand to use space available at Tataiah Park. . The traders also pledged to assist the MCC financially to get the building recommissioned.MCC commissioner M R Ravi told STOI that he will visit the site on Sunday and get the designs for makeshift shops in consultation with the tenants. \"The trading activities could start by month-end,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16510504", "title": "Central govt plans diabetes screening for entire population", "text": "MANGALORE: The central government is planning to conduct diabetes screening programme for the entire population of the country, said former Union minister Oscar Fernandes here on Saturday.He was speaking at the International Cardio-Diabetes Conference - 2012, organized by Father Muller Medical College. \"Though India produces the maximum number of doctors, still there is shortage. The government has plans to open new medical colleges, but there is a severe shortage of medical teaching faculties,\" he said.Stating that emphasis should be given on research works, he said, \"The government has allowed one professor to guide two post graduate students. Now, it is planning to allow professors to guide more than two students.\"Throwing light on challenges faced by medical fraternity, Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology director CN Manjunath, who was felicitated on the occasion, said 40 per cent of the deaths in the country are caused by cardio and diabetes diseases. Three decades ago, people were dying due to communicable diseases, but today the highest number of deaths in the country is due to cardiovascular diseases, he said.\"One among 10 Indians have cardiovascular diseases. If this trend continues by 2020, India will be having six crore people suffering from cardiovascular diseases, \" he said.Speaking about youngsters suffering from diabetes and heart related diseases, he said today many youths aged below 20 are getting diabetes and of every 2,000 heart patients, 20% are below 45 years.He claimed that doctors hesitate to work in rural areas, because despite providing good treatment, when patients die, doctors have been attacked.Stating that providing good quality treatment to poor patients at an affordable rate is the need of the hour, he pointed out that a lot of cardio patients do not get timely treatment due to poor road connectivity. Ambulance should not only be used to transport patients, but treatment should start in ambulance on the way to hospital, Manjunath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16510162", "title": "Kerala State Road Transport Corporation proposes new terminal at Calicut University", "text": "KOZHIKODE: KSRTC plans to set up its second bus terminal at the Calicut University campus, about 25 kilometres away from city, while introducing low-floor AC buses and more ordinary services. The proposed terminal will also operate long-distance buses to other parts of the state. Sources at KSRTC's zonal office in Kozhikode said the proposal is in its preliminary stage and more discussions would be held in the coming days. \"Officials talked to transport minister Aryadan Mohammed and now he wants to discuss this proposal with local MLAs, MPs and other local body representatives,\" sources said.One month ago, district transport authority (DTA) chairman and Kozhikode collector K V Mohankumar had asked KSRTC to conduct a feasibility study for starting low-floor AC bus services. The study report, which was recently submitted to KSRTC's managing director, highlighted the practical difficulties and the major hurdle cited in the report was the parking space.KSRTC aims to tackle two problems with the proposed bus terminal, land acquisition and accommodating more city services at its Mavoor terminal, which will begin operations within six months, as all buses from Palakkad and Thrissur can halt at the proposed terminal. Passengers can use circular city services to reach city and return. The other reason was that officials felt that the parking space at Mavoor Road would be insufficient to accommodate all KSRTC buses that operate from Kozhikode.But MLA A Pradeepkumar believes the proposal is not practical since it will not be the correct solution for the parking problem. \"A bus stand, about 25 km away from the city, is not a practical suggestion. The terminal can be constructed in and around the city, as land is available,\" he said, adding that it would be cumbersome for long-distance passengers to catch city buses from the university terminal to reach Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "varun grover , writer and lyricist", "code": "16514124", "title": "Varun writes for Peddler and Prague", "text": "Varun Grover , writer and lyricist: Born in Lucknow and studied in IT BHU, Varun who is riding the tides of success with his songs of Gangs of Wasseypur says that UP is where the talent is.\"The current crop of directors who are making some different cinema all hail from the state. Whether it is Anurag Kashyap, Vishal Bharadwaj ,Chandan Arora all have a connect with the state. Even a lot of films are being set with the state as the backdrop so the voice coming from UP is getting stronger in Bollywood which was not there earlier, he says\"Personally belonging to UP has proved favourable for me in my career as a writer. Since the kind of projects that landed in my kitty required specialised writing using the local dialect of eastern UP especially in films like GOW. W riting for this film was a challenge but since I belong to UP and have spent a lot of my time in Lucknow and Banaras so things became easy for me. The dialect required for the songs was something I was familiar with,\" says the young writer who is writing lyrics for films like Vasan Bala directed and Anurag Kashyap produced Peddler and Ashish Shukla directed film Prague.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "16514756", "title": "Don't see prospect of early polls: Yechury", "text": "PHAGWARA: CPM leader Sitaram Yechury on Sunday said that he does not see any prospect of early election in the country even though the Trinamool Congress may have withdrawn its support to Congress-led UPA government.Yechury said that the two parties BSP and SP who were giving outside support to UPA government do not seem to favour early elections in the country.\"Unless both BSP and SP withdraw their support to the UPA, snap polls won't take place. After all, democracy is a number game,\" he remarked.Talking to reporters here, Yechury, however, said that a non-Congress and non-BJP third alternative front was emerging and it would be committed to implementing alternative policies and not just to forming an alternative government only.\"It is a matter of policies, not just of forming a government,\" he quipped.Lashing out at Mamata Banerjee-led TMC for its timing of raising the hue and cry against current policies of the Union Government, Yechury asked why her party did not oppose tooth and nail the fuel price hike and FDI in retail when it was very much part of the UPA.\"TMC ministers in the UPA were very much present in the meeting of the Cabinet when these anti-people decisions were taken. Why did they keep mum then,\" he asked.\"Actually, the TMC was having West Bengal's coming panchayat polls on its agenda and did not want to go to the electorates with the burden of fuel price hike and the FDI,\" he remarked.When asked if CPM general secretary Parkash Karat, by asking SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to play a leading role inside and outside Parliament, had indicated that Yadav could be projected as prime ministerial candidate of the third front when it takes shape, Yechury replied \"it is too early to say anything over the matter.\"However, he added in a lighter vein, that \"Mulayam Singhji has been a prime ministerial candidate since 1990s\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16510722", "title": "BEST bus mows down 23-year-old biker at Vikhroli", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old motorcyclist, Mohammed Moin Salim Qureshi (23), was crushed to death under the rear tyre of a BEST bus in Vikhroli on Friday night.BEST public relations officer Manoj Varade said that the deceased was trying to overtake the bus when he was hit and lost his balance.\"The deceased fell off the motorcycle and came under the rear wheel on the right side of the bus. Locals rushed him to hospital, but he was later declared dead,\" Varade said. Sources said that the victim had suffered head injuries.The police have registered a case against the driver, Sandeep Vakode (30). \"BEST will conduct a probe to determine whether the driver was at fault or not,\" Varade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16509341", "title": "Cong, TMC part ways over sandesh", "text": "KOLKATA: Six Congress ministers in the Mamata Banerjee's cabinet in West Bengal submitted their resignation letters Saturday evening in Kolkata. Unlike the grim atmosphere when six Trinamool Congress ministers handed their resignations to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in a terse 10-minute meeting at his residence in Delhi, there were smiles, back-slapping and fish fry and sandesh.At the state secretariat at the Writers' Buildings, the six Congress leaders \u2014 Manas Bhunia, Abu Naser Khan Chaudhury, Sabina Yasmin, Abu Hena, P N Roy and Sunil Tirkey \u2014 received a warm welcome. Trinamool ministers Partha Chatterjee and Amit Mitra were waiting for them in the CM's chamber.Mamata offered them tea, chips, sandesh and fish fry and thanked them for \"working cordially\" in the government for a year and four months, said a source. About 20 minutes later, the six Congress leaders got up to leave. Chatterjee and Mitra saw them out and wished them luck.Bhuniya told reporters that Congress ministers had followed the party high command's order and resigned. \"The chief minister told us that we did some good work. She asked us to contact her if we needed anything,\" he said. Chatterjee later said both sides were courteous at the meeting.Congress leaders next went to the Raj Bhavan to convey their decision to pull out of the Mamata government to the governor. Here, they criticized Mamata and her government.Bhuniya accused Mamata of \"helping the communal BJP and opportunist CPM\" and said it was unfortunate that Trinamool did not stick with the Congress despite all the support it got.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya took a dig at the Mamata government for trying to slash subsidy in the ailing state transport corporations while refusing to do the same in fuel prices and LPG. \"We will have a party meeting to chalk out our next course of action,\" Bhattacharya said. He claimed Mamata's government deputed \"incapable political men\" to the South Bengal State Transport Corporation.Earlier, Trinamool MPs, including Saugata Ray and Sudip Bandyopadhaya, who had resigned from the UPA government met Mamata to discuss their future strategy.After the meeting, Roy decided not to take a government car. He walked some way after leaving Writers' and even chased a bus, but could not board it as it was overcrowded. He finally got into a taxi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi/jaipur", "code": "16509515", "title": "CP Joshi is new railway minister", "text": "NEW DELHI/JAIPUR: Union minister and Rajasthan's senior Congress leader C P Joshi is the new railway minister.Joshi, who is Union road and highways minister,has been given the additional charge. His appointment is seen as an indication that Congress is no mood to hand over the key infrastructure ministry to its UPA partners.This move by the government gains significance prior to a likely major Cabinet reshuffle and negotiations with its allies in UPA-2.The nomination of a Congress minister to head the railways soon after Trinamool's Mukul Roy's resignation indicated the ruling party managers' keenness to regain control over the minisrty after a gap of 16 years.Railways had been with the regional partners whether it was NDA or UPA in power. Already there have been reports of some of the key allies in UPA lobbying for this ministerial berth.Joshi, who represents Bhilwara constituency, is the first minister from Rajasthan to get the coveted railways portfolio in the past 65 years. The new development has further catapulted Joshi, a first-time parliamentarian, into national politics.After his appointment, Joshi said a robust transport system is the only way out to achieve high economic growth. He hinted that there is need for pushing massive reforms and modernize the national transporter.On whether his handling two portfolios - highways and railways - won't be difficult since both sectors eye increasing their share of goods transport, Joshi said, \"There is no conflict of interest. Road and rail are complimentary. The government intends to provide quality infrastructure and to push the goods transport across the country.\"The new minister avoided questions on railway safety and passenger fare hike.However, chairman of railway board Vinay Mittal, who was the brain behind passenger fare hike during Dinesh Trivedi's tenure as minister said railways lost around Rs 4,200 crore due to the rollback of passenger fare hike. Mittal and other top ministry officials had come to greet Joshi at his residence on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16509322", "title": "\u2018Power tariff hikes choking steel industry\u2019", "text": "THANE: According to the All India Induction Furnace Association (western zone), hikes in power rates for heavy industrial users and the alleged rigid behaviour of the MSEDCL are posing a threat to the steel manufacturing business in Maharashtra, with most firms considering shutting shop and migrating to neighbouring states.At a brainstorming session at a Thane hotel on Saturday, Ajit Garg, vice-president of the association, said paying a higher rate for unreliable supply of electricity is choking the steel business in Maharashtra. There are more than 125 steel manufacturing units spread across the state, from Wada in Thane to Nashik and Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16510718", "title": "Jaffna trade body seeks investments", "text": "MADURAI: The Jaffna Chamber of Commerce has appealed to entrepreneurs in the state to start their business ventures in the region, which will provide them development and employment opportunities. The members of Jaffna chamber made their representation to the 48-member Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNdelegation, which visited Sri Lanka in the first international passenger flight that operated between Madurai and Colombo.President of Jaffna Chamber of Commerce, R Jeyasekaran, who met the TNCCI members, asked them to start their business ventures in their region, torn with the civil war in the Island nation.Senior president of TNCCI, S Rethinavelu said that Jeyasekaran met the TNCCI members in Colombo and suggested them to invest in Jaffna, so that it will greatly help the region to come up. \"He told us that it will help Tamils in the region to get employment and also help in its development. It is a novel way of helping our Tamil brethren in Jaffna who are devastated by the ethnic war,\" he said over telephone from Colombo. \"We can consider the business ventures in industries like garments, plastic, rubber and food processing units in Jaffna,\" Rethinavelu mentioned.Further, Jeyasekaran also told the visiting delegation that all the products imported at present are unloaded in Colombo from where they are sent through road or rail to Jaffna region, thus inflating the costs of the products. He urged the delegates to consider shipping the products directly to Jaffna. \"Jeyasekaran invited us to visit the region to study the feasibilities. We assured him that we will discuss among our chamber members about the possible ventures in the region, as well as shipping the exports to Jaffna directly. We consider the appeal very valuable and we will look forward in materialising it,\" Rethinavelu added. TNCCI sources said that Tamils who settled down in Sri Lanka, engaged in trade and industrial activities in Colombo and other parts of Sri Lanka expressed their happiness over the inauguration of direct air service between Madurai and Colombo when they met the delegation during their visit.Mano Selvanathan, former president of The Ceylon Chamber of Commerce and a native of Tamil Nadu, who presided over the interaction meeting, informed that those hailing from Madurai and other southern districts of Tamil Nadu living in Sri Lanka would be able to visit their relatives and go to their native places easily and directly through Madurai airport.During the interaction, the delegations discussed about adequate opportunities that exist for two-way trade and investment in agriculture-based products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16509434", "title": "Kin get 7-year jail for trafficking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court sentenced two siblings to 7 years in jail for selling minor girls for prostitution, saying \"human trafficking of girl child is the most abominable crime\". The court has also slapped a fine of Rs 20,000 on them.Additional sessions judge Gurdeep Singh handed down the jail term to Veena and her brother Ashok for kidnapping girls, raising them and pushing them into prostitution. Veena and Ashok were held in 2010 after the father of a minor girl lodged her missing report. He took the name of his neighbours, Bimla and Mukesh in the complaint. The duo was held but later discharged. Police later found out that the minor girl was finally sold to Veena and Ashok in Rajasthan for Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509196", "title": "Cost escalation due to inadequate fund allocation: NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: The unease between the Congress and the NCP over irrigation projects refuses to ebb.The NCP leadership is reportedly upset over the latest tirade of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over the controversy.On Friday, Chavan said bad planning and a contractor-oriented approach were the reasons for cost escalations and low achievement of irrigation projects. Reacting to it, a top NCP leader on Saturday blamed inadequate budgetary allocation during the past two decades for the escalations of the costs.Citing massive cost escalations in projects like Goshekhurd, the CM questioned the department's approach towards irrigation work. NCP leader Sharad Pawar said in the past an approach to build dams had been adopted as a matter of policy on account of river water disputes with neighbouring states. \"The idea was to increase storage potential,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16509342", "title": "Receptionist\u2019s body found in gunny bag", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a 35-year-old woman, who was allegedly murdered, was found stuffed in a gunny bag, which had been dumped in the parking lot of a newly constructed seven-storey building in Virar (W).The deceased, Snehal Phanse, worked as a receptionist with Agarwal Group. Her body was found in the parking lot of F-wing of Viva Vrindavan Township, which has been constructed by the same group. Phanse often visited the building to show sample flats to prospective clients.On Friday night, a watchman noticed blood stains near the lift and traced it to the parking lot, where the gunny bag lay and blood was oozing out of it. He alerted the building residents, who called the Virar police. The police found Phanse's body in the bag. The body, which bore injury marks on the neck, head and chest, had been wrapped in a curtain before being stuffed in the gunny bag.Cops traced the blood stains in the lift to a seventh-floor unsold furnished sample flat. One of the curtains in the flat matched with that found in the gunny bag. Police are ascertaining whether Phanse, who had the keys to the flat, had come to the building with a client. They are also examining if she was using the flat for personal purpose.Phanse had lost her husband in March this year and is survived by a teenage daughter. Cops have detained a colleague for questioning as they suspect an extra-marital affair gone foul behind the murder. Watchmen working in the township are also being questioned. A case of murder has been registered against unknown persons. The body has been sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16509647", "title": "Borewell ban saves 2 lakh litres water daily", "text": "GURGAON: The city is reportedly saving two lakh litres of groundwater after Punjab and Haryana high court's order banning the use of borewells for construction purposes, since the builders are now using water from HUDA's sewage treatment plants (STPs) in Gurgaon.According to HUDA records, over 2 lakh litres of water is being supplied to builders through tankers daily and no one is being allowed to use borewells for construction at sites. \"This is going to be a major step for groundwater conservation in the region. The use of borewells for massive construction sites would have made a huge negative impact on the groundwater resources,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar .Apart from the construction work, HUDA is also providing drinking water for workers at the construction sites. The treated water from STPs is being made available to builders round the clock.Before allowing water supply the HUDA has taken details of the projects of each builder in Gurgaon. HUDA has estimated that the daily discharge at HUDA sewage treatment plants is about 33MGD which is more than sufficient for fulfilling the demand of the builders.\"The builders do not need more than 10MGD for construction which will be provided without any hassle. And this will immensely help in saving ground water,\" said another HUDA official. On being asked whether its STP water is sufficient for the numerous housing and commercial projects in Gurgaon, another senior HUDA official said : \"The developer can get water from their STP and other sources too but they will have to seek HUDA's approval for using it for any purpose, be it construction or or drinking.\"At present the builders are relying on HUDA's STP water for construction and planning to set up water treatment plants at the sites. HUDA officials are also planning to inform the court about the need for setting up such plants on the site.\"Ideally the builders should install a water treatment plant at the site. When the construction is on the plant could be used to clean the STPs treated water further if need be and the plant can be used after the completion of the project also,\" said another HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16509110", "title": "New flag officer takes charge", "text": "Rear admiral S V Bokhare on Saturday took over as Flag Officer, Submarines, from Rear admiral Srikant. Bokhare was commissioned in 1984 and is an alumnus of the Australian Defence College and Army War College (Mhow). Prior to the current appointment, he was the chief staff officer (operations) at ENC headquarters, Eastern Naval Command. He had commanded submarines and been the commodore of commanding submarines (West) and directing staff at College of Naval Warfare at Karanja, Mumbai.Rear admiral Srikant is to take over as the project director (operations and training) at headquarters, advanced tactical vessel programme (ATVP), New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "gadrata, neem ka thana (sikar)", "code": "16510911", "title": "Water idea, sir ji!", "text": "GADRATA, NEEM KA THANA (Sikar): It is well past noon as a bunch of villagers pour onto the banks of a brimming water body ensconced in the lap of hills. It is a happy gathering, full of jokes and banter, and one can sense a feeling of contentment among them.\"Life is good. I have had a rich harvest of bajra, wheat and vegetables . Next year perhaps I will grow tomatoes,\" says Dev Karan, a villager from Gadrata. His well-being is evident from the new tractor parked nearby as well as the numerous cattle he owns.Four years back Dev Karan was toiling hard as a labourer in Uttar Pradesh and Haryana, barely managing to earn a square meal. With his own land parched, yielding a rare crop of bajra, the occasional wage was a better option. However, that curse has long been lifted. No one from his village migrates for work anymore. Their fields are green, the wells full and three crops a year gives them enough to not just flourish but even send their children to private schools or to attend vocational courses . It was a magical turnaround, and it all came from a small check dam built in 2008.\"The entire area is surrounded by hills. During rain, water from the hills used to collect in the area but flowed out. So while crops would get a temporary water supply, there was no water left for irrigation for the rest of the year. Whenever rains proved elusive, a poor crop of bajra was all the villagers would get. But now, the check dam holds enough water for years. The village has literally become drought proof. Even if there are no rains for 10 years there will be enough water,\" says Amla Ruia, chairperson of the Aakar Charitable Trust, which initiated the check dam construction, changing the fortunes of the 250 families in four villages around Gadrata forever. The project is a Times Foundation initiative.Ruia explained her group's modus operandi. \"As soon as the villagers agree to contribute and are willing to commence work, we give them the nod without waiting for a sponsor. Hence we need to have funds up-front . At this moment we have 20 constructions underway. As and when donors come forward, we have their names installed on name plates,\" she says.\"Our work stands apart from other initiatives as here the beneficiary society itself contributes almost 30-40 % of the funds. This kind of involvement empowers them and gives them a true sense of ownership, which in turn, makes our work sustainable and long lasting,\" she adds.In four years, the trust has built 123 check dams at a cost of Rs 5 crore in various villages spread across the districts of Dausa, Alwar, Sikar and Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan and in Jalna and Aurangabad in Maharastra. Of this, the contribution from the trust has been around Rs 3.5 crore while the villages have chipped in with Rs 1.5 crore. After the check dams were built, the total returns from the 2012 winter crop stood at nearly Rs 71.5 crore.\"An expense of Rs 5 crore has given a return of Rs 71.5 crore, which amounts to almost 750%. And this will be repeated for generations to come,\" says an exultant Ruia.In Gadrata, no sooner was the check dam built, the groundwater got recharged and yields from farms multiplied . New crops of tomatoes, onions and carrots, which no one had touched in years due to lack of water, were sown and the area under wheat and mustard cultivation multiplied manifold.The prosperity of the village is loud and clear. A couple of years back two youngsters, Ram Nivas and Rajender , made the village proud by getting into the Army. There are some who are pursuing nursing degrees from Bangalore. To top it all, villagers are now even splurging on weddings. \"Now, we make at least two kinds of sweets, hire generator sets, and even set up a stage during weddings. Earlier, two old men would just hold a kerosene lamp as the bride and groom got married on a mattress set up on the floor,\" says Bhagirath who has just bought two buffaloes and a motorbike . \"Now, we can afford to allow our children to pursue higher education and not force them to do petty jobs for a livelihood.\"Along with prosperity, there is the will to live a better, cleaner life. One of these changes includes banning alcohol. \"We have all given up alcohol. You will not find any shop selling liquor within a distance of 3 km of this village,\" says Sona Ram, a villager.With such positive results it was perhaps natural for Ruia to embark on a mission of helping more and more villages with such water harvesting structures.\"After a couple of check dams, there was no looking back. It has completely changed the environment and economy in these villages.\"The streams have became perennial , the aquifers are full and at some places springs have sprouted. The character of water is such that it is all-pervasive and leaves no one out. Water combined with the perseverance of the beneficiary society and generosity of philanthropists can go a long way to alleviate the misery of villagers and give mother earth the most needed natural element in abundance ,\" Ruia says.WHY CHECK DAMS These structures involve small masonry construction and extensive earthen bunds They are most effective in hilly terrain where the whole range can be used as catchment for the reservoir They have all the advantages of the large dams and none of the disadvantages such as rehabilitation of people, unutilized dead storage of water, waterlogging, risk of breach causing extensive damage They are cost effective and bestow tremendous bounty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16514378", "title": "Deepika Kumari wins silver in Archery World Cup final", "text": "KOLKATA: India's top archer Deepika Kumari came tantalisingly close to winning the World Cup final before she went down to Olympic double gold medallist Bo Bae Ki to settle for a silver in the recurve women's individual event at Hibiya Park in Tokyo on Sunday.Deepika, in her first appearance after the London Olympics debacle, was in splendid form as she won the quarterfinals and semifinals to lead 4-0 in the final before she lost 4-6 ((26-23, 27-25, 24-28, 23-26, 25-26).Down 0-4, the Korean bounced back winning the remaining three sets to grab the gold and thus capping a stunning year that saw her win the individual and team titles in London two month ago.Having slipped to world no 2 following her London setback, Deepika, who was given the top billing in the coveted meet, won the first two sets 26-23 and 27-25 to lead 4-0.Ki came back strong in the third set with a 9-9-10, better than the 9-8-7 of Deepika in a rain-affected match. But Ki managed to bring the match on an even keel, winning the fourth set 8-10-8 to 8-8-7.Deepika had a ray of hope in the fifth set with a 9 against Ki' 8.In the second set of arrows, both hit 9 as Deepika had a one-point advantage and needed a perfect 10 to settle the issue. But the teenager lost the battle of nerves hitting a 7 compared to Ki's 9 to settle for a silver for two consecutive editions.Earlier in the day, Deepika had beaten Miki Kanie of Japan 25-23, 26-26, 29-24, 27-24, overall 7-1, in another rain-marred quarterfinal battle.In the semis too, the Ranchi girl was in her elements as she beat Jennifer Nichols of the USA 6-2 (28-24, 25-26, 26-25, 28-27).Dola Banerjee is the only Indian who has won a World Cup final in Dubai in 2007 where the field had only four archers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-23"}
