{"city": "araria", "code": "17592813", "title": "People donating land for 129 primary schools in Araria", "text": "ARARIA: The Araria DM's move to get land for construction of buildings of 296 landless primary schools through public donation of land has started yielding result. Local villagers are coming forward to donate private land for the construction of 129 primary school buildings which are running beneath trees or on the doorstep of some villagers.About 50,000 children in the age group of 5-11 years, according to official sources, are shown studying at these newly established primary schools of the district, but are compelled to study under the sky.When he was informed during a review of the functioning of the primary schools recently that the school buildings are not being constructed due to lack of land and the schemes for constructing school building are gathering dust since long, the DM directed his subordinates to organize public meeting and appeal to the people to donate land for the construction of primary schools at their respective villages.The BDOs of the district organized such meetings under their respective blocks and people came forward to donate land. The locals listed their names for donating adequate land for the construction of buildings for as many as 129 primary schools. But, the remaining 167 primary schools are still landless.It is a herculean task to manage and run midday meal scheme in these primary schools and the rice etc have to be kept at the house of private persons, cooked somewhere else and fed to children at a third place. The children of landless primary school are often deprived of midday meals.Araria district education officer (DEO) Rajive Ranjan Prasad said that as directed by the DM, all out efforts were being made to get land for the remaining 167 primary schools of the district. All the block education officers (BEOs) have been directed to obtain land.Araria DM M Saravanan said that top priority had been accorded to make land available for these 296 primary schools by the end of this year for which all the officials concerned had been asked to appeal to people to provide land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593795", "title": "Notice to 68 colleges for violating rules", "text": "LUCKNOW: To crack whip on colleges violating rules and regulations, Lucknow University on Wednesday issued notices to as many as 68 degree colleges affiliated to it. Majority of these colleges have temporary affiliation and are running without fulfilling the basic requirements in terms of infrastructure and human resources. The university has set March 31 deadline to remove anomalies for the above colleges.University registrar JB Singh said, \"If these colleges fail to remove the anomalies by March 31, the university will begin the process to deaffiliate them.''LU officials said most of the colleges lacking in infrastructure and facing teacher shortage were given affiliation three years ago. LU executive council gave recognition to such colleges with a condition that they should remove the anomalies within the time fixed by the university or before the admission process begins. However, neither did the colleges made an effort to overcome the irregularities nor did the university take any action. University administration has been more cautious after the fraudulent activities of two of its affiliated colleges - Swantantra Girls Degree College and SG Degree College - where the latter existed only on papers. After this, LU de-affiliated both the colleges. However, Swantantra College approached the high court after which the matter was given a stay. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591889", "title": "Minimum temperature dips to 12.5 degrees Celsius", "text": "PUNE: The night temperature in the city dropped to 12.5 degrees Celsius on Wednesday after hovering between 16 and 18 degrees Celsius for the last more than a week. The temperature was still 1.3 degrees Celsius above normal.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast a further drop in the mercury to around 11 degrees Celsius in the next 24 hours. \"Conditions are favourable for cooler nights in the city for the next few days,\" an IMD official said.Last week, the minimum temperature had gone up to as high as 17.9 degrees Celsius, as was recorded on December 6. In fact, the temperature was 6.3 degrees Celsius above the normal mark on December 7 when it was recorded at 17.7 degrees Celsius.The winter season so far has been typified by a couple of longer spells of warmer nights which is unsual especially for the month of December. \"Temperatures are not known to go over 6 degrees Celsius above normal during December,\" the official said.The spell of warmer nights was attributed to the enhance influence of the easterly waves, which had blocked the flow of northerly winds into the central and peninsular India including Maharashtra. The enhanced easterly amplitude also resulted in moisture incursion from the Bay of Bengal and this has led to humid conditions and rise in temperatures in most parts of the state including Pune.However, the temperature has been on a gradual decline over the last couple of days owing to the waning influence of the easterly waves and the resultant strengthening of the northerly winds, which are known to bring cold conditions into the region, the official said. This is further evident from the drop in the minimum temperatures across the north central Maharashtra belt between Jalgaon/Nashik and Pune.Nashik recorded the state's lowest minimum temperature on Wednesday at 10.5 degrees Celsius while Malegaon recorded 11 degrees Celsius. Ahmednagar recorded 12.5 degrees Celsius while Jalgaon recorded 12.2 degrees Celsius. In the Marathwada region, Parbhani recorded 15 degrees Celsius while in the Vidarbha region, Yavatmal recorded 13.4 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591548", "title": "Manager of a supermarket arrested for allegedly blackmailing a 17-year-old salesgirl", "text": "BANGALORE: The manager of a supermarket has been arrested for allegedly blackmailing a 17-year-old salesgirl after sedating her and claiming to have taken her nude pictures.Ashraf, manager of Sansar Supermarket in Kundalahalli near Whitefield, was blackmailing the girl for almost a month.According to Mahadevapura police, the victim was working in the supermarket for the last few months and was living in Kundalahalli with her sister.The victim used to go home for lunch every day. On November 17, when the girl was leaving for the lunch-break, Ashraf asked her to stay back on the pretext of work and also gave her some sweets.The victim had the sweet which was allegedly laced with a sedative and fell unconscious. She ignored the incident thinking it was due to her anaemia problem. But to her shock, Ashraf began soliciting sexual favours from her. He alleged he had made videos of her in the nude and threatened to circulate them if she didn't give in to his demands.The victim discussed the matter with her sister, who went to speak to Ashraf about the video-clipping. Sensing danger, Ashraf offered to pay the duo and even threatened them with dire consequences if they complained.Undeterred by his intimidation, the victim sought help from a women's organization, went to Mahadevapura police and lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591981", "title": "MEA holds back Rehman Malik's wish to meet Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has set aside Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's request for an appointment with Congress President Sonia Gandhi , with MEA officials viewing it as \"out of line\" with protocol. However, a confirmation is still awaited on his requests for a meeting with PM Manmohan Singh and Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj.Sources in the government said that the MEA decided against even forwarding Malik's request to the Congress president's office. Though a meeting with the PM is yet to be scheduled, sources indicated that it may be a mere courtesy call.Incidentally, Malik has not sought a visit to either Ajmer Sharief or Agra during his visit here from December 14 to 16. It be recalled that Malik had, during his talks with Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in Rome, expressed his desire to visit the Ajmer shrine and the Taj Mahal. Sources indicated that the Pakistani side may be wary of negative publicity over Malik's trip to tourist destinations in India, when no credible action has been taken against 26/11 perpetrators based in Pakistan.Sources, however, said, a visit to Agra, if sought later, can be arranged at a short notice.As per Malik's itinerary, he arrives around 2pm on December 14 with a 15-member delegation. Bilateral talks with Shinde are tentatively scheduled for 5pm, after which they are likely to release a joint statement, possibly at a joint press conference around 7pm. The presser will be followed by an official dinner in Rehman's honour.An MHA official, however, indicated that there is a possibility of the bilateral talks spilling over to December 15 as well.The new Indo-Pakistan visa regime will be operationalized during Malik's visit. The bilateral talks will cover a host of issues like action in the 26/11 case by Islamabad, proposal for an MHA visit to Pakistan and pending red-corner notices.Malik may meet the PM and Swaraj on December 15.He will be fly back home at 1pm on December 16. Incidentally, December 16 is Vijay Diwas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the anniversary of India's victory over Pakistan in the 1971 war that led to the birth of Bangladesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17591199", "title": "Tine Baun stuns Saina Nehwal in Super Series Finals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal failed to overcome a sluggish start as she went down to Tine Baun of Denmark 14-21, 21-11, 19-21 in the women's singles Group B round robin league match of the BWF Super Series Finals in Shenzhen, China.The fourth seeded Indian saved two match points before the experienced Dane delivered the sucker punch in the decider. Trailing 17-20, Saina notched up two points and looked like extending the game before Tine secured the winner.With this loss, Saina pushed herself into a must-win situation. The world no. 3 needs to win the other two matches against Juliane Schenk of Germany and Ratchanok Inthanon of Thailand to harbour any hopes of making it to the last four stage.Tine, a two-time All-England champion who will be retiring in a few days, is considered the weakest among the four in Group B. The shock loss of Saina and the unexpected triumph of Ratchanok against Schenk had thrown the group wide open. Ratchanok, the three-time world junior champion, ousted Schenk in straight games 21-17, 22-20.The Thai teen will now face Saina Nehwal in the second round robin match on Thursday. A loss here will more or less end the Indian's campaign at the Finals. Saina enjoys a 4-1 record against Ratchanok but the fact that the latter is showing thick vein of form in the last few months is a cause of concern for the Hyderabadi.Earlier, Saina failed to find her feet in the first game against Tine. Even before the game reached the halfway stage Tine was leading 13-7. Though the Indian tried to get into rhythm, she struggled towards the end of the game.After losing the first game at 14-21, Saina made an impressive comeback by taking the second game. She was off in a flash, moving to 5-2 lead and was comfortable placed at 11-4 by the break. Tine did not try much in the second game as Saina closed the issue at 21-11.Once she returned to the other side of the court for the third game, Saina began to struggle again and by the change of courts Tine was well ahead at 11-6. Saina recovered after the mandatory change of court and even closed the gap to 13-14.However a four-point burst by Tine, who fired eight smash winners in the third game, changed the complexion of the game. From 13-18, Saina tried her best and even got as close as 19-20 before Tine wrapped up the tie.This is Saina's first loss to Tine after November 18, 2011. The 22-year-old had defeated Tine thrice in the past year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593589", "title": "Punjab keen to be a part of project", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab cabinet has agreed to participate in the Chandigarh Metro project but the UT administration is yet to get the green signal from the ministry of urban planning. A detailed project report (DPR) was sent to the ministry last month.Haryana is also yet to formally communicate its participation in the project, which will have one corridor running into Panchkula and parts of both corridors planned in the first phase touching Punjab's territory. Punjab government has been keenly interested in the project from the outset. Last year, it had offered a chunk of land in Mullanpur for free for construction of a station at the last stop of the Metro's east-west corridor.A total of 11 bus rapid transit (BRT) corridors covering 145.3km have also been proposed.The extended region of the traffic study comprised the towns of Zirakpur, Kharar, Dera-Bassi in Punjab; Alipur-Kot Behla complex, Kalka-Pinjore Complex in Haryana and Prawanoo and Baddi in Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592280", "title": "Kin blame inaction for killings", "text": "GURGAON: Relatives of people who were attacked in the ICU shooting on Wednesday blamed the deaths on police inaction. \"We kept calling police and even informed them that armed assailants were heading towards the hospital to attack our family members. But the cops had said they could not go behind each and every person to check if they were carrying weapons,\" says 55-year-old Rajinder Singh, uncle of deceased Joginder.The other family members also believe that police inaction had led to the death of their kin. \"Despite several complaints, police did not take action against the accused persons. On the contrary, they kept harassing us by conducting surprise checks in our house in the garb of searching for weapons,\" said Rajinder Singh, who was sitting outside their village house in Khandsa village on Wednesday evening.Prithipal Singh, A close relative of the deceased, said the dispute was more than a year old but each time a case was registered only his family members were called for questioning while the accused persons roamed freely. During the previous clash, Joginder had sustained bullet injuries and the accused had suffered a head injury but police booked Joginder for attempt to murder, he said.Explaining the crime scene, Rajinder Singh said a PCR van was parked barely 100 metres from the spot where accused persons thrashed Satbir and him and threatened them with dire consequences but the cops did not bother to intervene.Later, when the armed attackers were heading towards Sunrise Hospital, Rajinder Singh called police and requested them to act swiftly to control the situation but the reply he got was they could not possibly chase everyone.Singh further alleged that when he again called the cops to inform them that armed assailants have barged into the hospital and opened fire on his relatives, police did not turn up. Police took action and arrived at the hospital only after the accused escaped from the scene. So they did not give chase to them.Joginder's widow and other women members of the family were inconsolable and refused to talk about the incident.A senior police officer, when asked about the investigation, said that it ws under way and the guilty would be punished according to the law.Meanwhile, the hospital authorities claimed that they were never prepared to face such a situation and demanded security and frequent patrolling in the future to avoid such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596298", "title": "Beach safety earns Panambur high praise", "text": "MANGALORE: It's word-of-mouth news that's gone viral, much to the delight of the Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project. Now, Forbes India has featured the beach in its latest issue dated December 21.Titled 'The Mangalorean recipe for beach safety', the article chronicles the transformation of Panambur beach from being just another stretch of beach to one that's brimming with life. In fact, it was 'stories' about Panambur that got Forbes India to send its correspondent Nilofer D'Souza on assignment to the beach, some 10km from here, in September, resulting in a three-page article.The first-ever public-private-partnership saw the public beach being privately managed in the state, which set off the rise in the fortunes of Panambur beach, documented well locally. The Forbes story was only the icing on the cake.Yathish Baikampady, CEO of the project, told TOI, \"I had no inkling that Nilofer's visit was for an article. It is recognition of the work everyone has done for the project, including the district administration and department of tourism, in promoting the concept of privatizing beaches,\" he said. The article recognizes Yathish's gumption in realizing there's business even in managing beaches.The various management strategies adopted by Yathish, a former SBI sales executive, especially involving local fishermen to keep beaches safe, providing them employment and bringing a sense of dignity to the job of lifeguard, is the focal point of the article. The project arranged to train these fishermen-lifeguards with Surf Life Saving Australia and Rashtriya Life Saving Society, giving their jobs a big value-add, and grabbing Nilofer's appreciation.Yathish constantly gets invites from coastal state governments to replicate the Panambur model at their beaches too.\"The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation which is set to privatize 25 of its beaches -- six in the first phase --has modelled its tender documents on the MoU signed with the Dakshina Kannada district administration in July 2008. This is an honour for our collective efforts,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591929", "title": "ACP did not fly to Colombo to conduct probe in GB blast case", "text": "PUNE: Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav on Wednesday told a sessions court here that he had not gone to Colombo in Sri Lanka to collect evidence against the alleged conspirator Mirza Himayat Inayat Baig and other suspects in the German Bakery blast case. But Satav was quick to add that a letter was sent to the Interpol in this regard. The prosecution's case is that the plan was hatched by Baig and others in Colombo in March 2008.The blast at the bakery in Koregaon Park area had claimed 17 lives and injured 64 on February 13, 2010.Satav, the last witness to depose before the additional sessions judge, N P Dhote, had arrested Baig when he was posted at the state anti-terrorism squad, Pune unit. Satav, in his cross-examination conducted by senior lawyer A Rehman and his junior Kainat Shaikh, representing Baig, said ATS deputy commissioner of police Pradeep Sawant had written a letter to Interpol in New Delhi after investigations revealed that Baig had visited Colombo. The letter attached to the chargesheet was shown to the court.Satav refuted the defence lawyers' contention that Baig had never met absconding suspects Fayyaz Kagzi and Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal in Colombo. He disagreed with their argument that Baig had not established contacts with Kagzi and Ansari, who was recently deported from Saudi Arabia .Baig had received euros 8,000 from the absconding suspects in Colombo, but when the defence sought to know about the investigations done in this respect, Satav said Baig had exchanged the euros for currency at a private place.Satav claimed to be ignorant about the statement made by the then ATS deputy inspector general of police, Ravindra Kadam, that Baig was not present here when the blast took place. He refuted the suggestion by the defence that Kadam was shunted to Gadchiroli as a punishment for making a statement on Baig.Satav said Lashkar-e-Taiba was operating from Pakistan and that its members were operating in India, but he replied in the negative when he was asked who were its president and secretary in India. Satav could not recollect if the autorickshaw driver, who had ferried Yasin Bhatkal and Baig on the blast day, was shown the CCTV footage. On Baig's arrest, he said Baig was taken into custody after he was spotted at the Pulgate bus stand on September 7, 2010, but he said he did not inquire as to how Baig had reached there.He denied the defence lawyers' argument that there was no evidence to prove that Baig and the absconding suspects had assembled the bomb at a cyber cafe in Udigr and that he did not visit the place to conduct an inquiry about the ownership of the property. When the defence lawyers sought reasons that the panchanama showing RDX and other articles seized from a house in Udgir did not have the name and address, he said Baig had not given the details. He admitted that the plastic bags containing RDX were not sent to a fingerprint expert for opinion as the same were not seized by him.On the forged documents seized from Baig, Satav said he had not received complaints in this respect. The ACP said he had seized the hard disk from the cyber cafe and Baig's diary gave details of the email addresses of the absconders to prove that he was in touch with them, but the email addresses were not filed before the court as an expert report is awaited.Baig had used his friend's account to conceal his financial transaction, Satav said in response to a question asked by Rehman if a person could use a debit card of another person if he gives consent. Satav denied that Baig was implicated in the case. He said the chargesheet was filed as per law after the defence lawyers sought to know why he had not obtained sanction from the Central government under section 188 of the Criminal Procedure Code if the conspiracy in the blast was hatched in a foreign country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17592397", "title": "Teacher slaps, pinches boy in Navi Mumbai", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 13-year-old schoolboy was reportedly hurt and emotionally disturbed after being slapped and repeatedly pinched by his class teacher for failing to prepare and deliver a speech in school at Koparkhairane on Monday.The Christ Academy seventh standard boy was reportedly traumatized by the physical punishment suffered in front of the class.The boy's father, Aashish Chawda, told TOI: \"My son has barely spoken at home after that incident and has hardly eaten anything due to the shock. On Monday, it was not his turn to deliver a public speech in the school assembly hall. But the student before him was absent.'' He added that as the boy was unprepared to deliver the speech that day, he got nervous and could not even read out another speech handed to him by the teacher.Later that day, the class teacher slapped him and pinched him several times on both arms.\"We complained to school principal, Reverend Fr. Jaison Vadakkethala. But the school is taking this incident very casually,'' said the parent.Fr Jaison said the teacher regretted her actions.The principal said he will always ensure the well-being of students and enforce discipline and respect for all teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592451", "title": "RTO to suspend errant auto, taxi drivers' permits", "text": "MUMBAI: The transport commissioner will impose a stringent penalty and suspend permits of autorickshaw and taxi drivers who fail to recalibrate meters before the deadline, ply vehicles without a fitness certificate or do not displaying a tariff card and identity card.Autorickshaw and taxis with mechanical meters have been given a January 31, 2013 deadline for recalibration and those with e-meters have a December 15 deadline.A senior transport department official said, \"Till now, the penalty for not recalibrating the meter was not specified. In the past, action was taken against drivers for this offence, but regional transport officers would impose the fine by citing other violations or the Motor Vehicle Act (not wearing uniform, batch, etc).\"The transport department has now come up with specifics, which includes a penalty or suspension of the permit for not recalibrating the meter. A driver who fails to recalibrate the meter before the deadline will be charged a compounding fee of Rs 700 or face suspension of license for a minimum of seven days.If a person is caught on December 16, he will have to pay a compounding fee of Rs 700 in lieu of suspension of permit for a minimum period seven days. Any delay beyond this can invite an additional penalty of Rs 50 or further suspension of permit. The official warned that the RTO can detain the vehicle if he feels that the penalty may not be a deterrent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593681", "title": "MC engineers get lowdown on online complaint", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Information and technology wing of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation, on Wednesday, conducted a daylong training programme for engineers posted with the MC's engineering wing to apprise them of the functioning of the newly-established online grievances complaint centre.The new venture will start in two to three days. During the training programme, engineers were told how to receive public complaints, how to forward them persons concerned and how to send feedback after complaint redressal. In the online system, the complaint will go directly to the engineer concerned and it will be redressed within a limited time period. The whole system is online and there is no need for paperwork.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591544", "title": "Judge confirms trespass in Mankhurd shelter report", "text": "MUMBAI: There have been incidents of trespass at the state-run Mankhurd shelter for rescued women, a family court judge said in her report submitted to the Bombay high court on Wednesday.Family court judge Swati Chauhan was appointed by the HC to look into the affairs of the Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruh following complaints of rape and ill-treatment of the inmates there.\"There is definitely trespass committed by someone, but only in the compound of the vastigruh,\" the report states. The judge said the inmates had narrated two incidents-one in which men were seen peering into the shelter which led to panic and other incidents of footsteps on the roof of the homeat night as well as ringing of cellphones. The report said that instead of coming to the aid of the inmates, the caretaker locked herself in her office. With regard to a woman inmate getting pregnant at the shelter, the report said further inquiry and medical tests were required to check the date of conception.The judge placed on record a slew of recommendations to improve conditions at the shelter, including asking the police not to conduct \"impromptu mass rescue operations\". \"The special police officer conducting mass rescue operations while busting prostitution rackets should do so with proper planning,\" ...For such operations, pre-planning and networking with the stakeholders must be done invariably An impromptu operation does not do any good and it ultimately makes the exercise futile,\" the report states.The judge further said that increasing the height of the shelter's compound walls may not help much unless proper facilities are provided to the inmates and their trust is regained. \"It is a myopic view of the women and child welfare department that by making the window grilles stronger and compound walls higher, the problem of security would be resolved. It would be resolved only if the inside atmosphere is upgraded by providing the inmates all facilities that they are entitled to Inmates must not get the feeling that they are confined or punished but must feel that they are kept for their own well being and empowerment,\" the report states.The report further recommends that magistrates must verify that no victim woman is detained in a shelter for more than three weeks unless a detention order was passed against her. The report also said the staff was untrained and not capable of dealing with emergency situations. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar asked the family court judge to remain present in court for the hearing on Thursday.The court was hearing a suo motu petition on the alleged abuse of women at the shelter home, following a newspaper report carrying the statement of a woman inmate, who had escaped and claimed that she and other inmates were raped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592134", "title": "Their 'pilgrimage' consists of helping and loving", "text": "NAGPUR: They call it a pilgrimage and treat it like one, too. Since the past few years, a group of Australian teachers have been bringing their students to India to learn the way non-governmental organizations in the country work. The group has also instituted a foundation that helps these NGOs financially.Ten students and five teachers of Saint Dominic's Priory College, North Adelaide, are on a week-long stay at city's Yuva Jyothi Care and Support centre that acts as the home of many rootless children. Before coming to the city, the group had stayed over with NGOs at Bangalore and Mumbai. Later, they plan to work with the Salaam Baalak Trust in New Delhi.After seeing the work done by these organizations, the school also set up the Dare 2 Dream Foundation under which they collect funds to help them. The methods of fund-raising are also special - selling Indian curries. Rita Shepherd, the deputy principal of the school, has visited the centre every six months since April 2009 and several of the kids here recognize her as their favourite aunty. There are few words people from the two nationalities can exchange freely. However, they share a very special rapport that was evident by the way the volunteers welcome and bid farewell to the kids coming from and going to school. One of the retired teachers of the school, Caroline Ryan, has also volunteered to join in.\"These kids have now become an extended family. I wish them the security, education, love and care that I wish for my kids and students,\" said Rita. She said the trips to India had acted as a catalyst for many of her students, making them reassess their career paths and other choices in life.Two students, for whom this was the first visit to India, seemed to be reflecting on exactly this. \"It is heartening to see how little can make these children happy and how thankful they are about every thing they get. It feels mean to complain about things at our comfortable homes,\" said Georgia Johnson. Her classmate Stephanie Blumberg takes a little optimistic turn and said, \"This exercise makes us understand how united efforts can bring in positive changes.\" ohoweBeing attached to the Indian Centre for Integrated Development and ChildLine, the Yuva Jyothi gets help from many quarters. \"What sets apart these youngsters is that they give their time, a gift that some of the very generous donors are unable to give. This makes the children feel respected and important,\" said the founder-director of the institute Father Harold.\"Dare 2 Dream Foundation, established in 2010, earlier had contributions only from the students and staffers of the school. Having seen what difference a little help can make, many others have started contributing,\" said Matthew Noble, one of visiting teachers.Most the money is utilised to meet the various needs of children at Yuva Jyothi. Some is channeled into two major projects: Nirmal Jyothi that aims to rehabilitate children from communities traditionally involved in begging and Manini that empowers economically challenged urban women including a group of HIV-positive ones. The visiting students also had cultural exchanges with city-based group Make A Difference whose volunteers also spend time with Yuva Jyothi kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592721", "title": "Illegal construction near IAF stations: HC notice to civic bodies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking note of the encroachments and illegal constructions in prohibited zones around the Indian Air Force (IAF) stations at Faridabad and Gurgaon and failure of local authorities to control it, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed the municipal commissioners of both the cities and the secretary, department of local bodies, Haryana, to be present in the court on December 18. The case would come up for further hearing on December 18.The bench has also directed the municipal commissioners of Gurgaon and Faridabad to file an affidavit, informing the court about the officers who failed to stop the illegal work despite HC orders and action taken against them.A division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri has summoned these officers, after receiving a detailed report from the chief judicial magistrates of Faridabad and Gurgaon revealing large-scale construction in the prohibited zones of both the cities.The counsel for the Union government also told the court how the construction is still going on during night time in Gurgaon and there is no check on it from local administration.On November 22, the HC had directed the chief judicial magistrates of Faridabad and Gurgaon to visit the areas and file a detailed report on encroachments near the air force stations. The bench had issued the orders after the vulnerability of the situation near these defence establishments was brought to the notice of the court through an affidavit filed on behalf of the station commandant of Faridabad air force station.Despite the HC staying fresh construction near the restricted zone of 900 metres from the ammunition depot in Gurgaon and prohibited zone of 100-metre around air force station, Dabua in Faridabad, a large number of illegal constructions have come up in the zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591892", "title": "Artistes, fans mourn the end of an era", "text": "PUNE: A pall of gloom enveloped the otherwise musically vibrant venue of the 60th Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav with musicians describing the demise of Pt Ravi Shankar on Wednesday as a big blow to the world of music.Artistes who have gathered here said that the sitar maestro's loss was \"colossal'' and that it was the loss of an artiste who had placed Indian music on the world stage.Shriniwas Joshi, son of Bhimsen Joshi, fondly remembered Ravi Shankar's association with his family, as he showed some old photographs. \"My father and Ravi Shankar were very close friends; he had attended the Vastu Shanti - house warming - ceremony of our house Kalashri and blessed all of us,'' Joshi recounted. \"My father called him Max Factor and Ravi Shankar called my father Brute,'' Joshi said referring to the perfumes the two liked.\"He was not only a great artiste himself but he was magnanimous to show the path to hundreds of aspiring artistes,'' said ace tabla player Arvindkumar Azad. \"I have attended many concerts in which my father Kishan Maharaj played tabla with him,'' Azad said.Vocalist Anand Bhate recollected having sung before Ravi Shankar many years ago at Hirabai Badodekar's house. ''I was too young then to understand the greatness of Panditji but had felt proud to be given such an opportunity,'' Bhate said. Listening to Ravi Shankar was always a divine experience; age never had any bearing on his performance, Bhate said. ''We must remember his courage when he took Indian music to the world. Those were the days when people abroad hardly knew India, let alone Indian music, so one can only imagine how difficult a task that must have been,'' he said, adding that Ravi Shankar paved the way for Indian artists who now receive acclaim the world over.Rajan Mishra said Ravi Shankar's death had orphaned Indian music. ''It is a very big loss to all of us,'' he said. Pt Ravi Shankar, like everywhere else in the world, had a huge fan following in Pune, as was clear from the rich tributes music lovers assembled at the Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav paid to the departed artist.Ashok Joshi who has been attending the annual music extravaganza for the last five decades, said Ravi Shankar made umpteen experiments with his Sitar playing to demonstrate the versatility of the instrument and blend it with world music. Ravi Shankar had played at the Sawai festival twice; in 1981, he played Ahir Lalit and Bhairavi accompanied by tabla maestro Zakir Hussain and in 1989, he played Ragas Bihag and Chandrakauns and a composition in Maanjh Khamaj.Ramesh Nandgaonkar called Ravi Shankar an iconoclast of sorts. ''He dared to break tradition and preferred to play different raga at different hour of the day, breaking away from the rules of Indian music which dictate the time of the day during which a raga can be sung or performed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17593597", "title": "Tax matters: CAG raps Kochi corporation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The report of the comptroller and auditor general of India has observed that Kochi corporation has failed to implement a fair and transparent system for assessing property tax in the city.The CAG report was tabled in the state assembly on Wednesday.There were wide variations in the computation of property tax for similar properties in the same area. The report said that Kochi corporation had no mechanism to look into lapsed permits. There was no coordination between town planning and revenue departments, and the civic body had issued occupancy certificates without properly assessing certain buildings.The collection of professional tax has also suffered due to the lack of a comprehensive database. The tax has not being realized from all traders or professionals in the corporation area. The audit has found that several buildings have escaped assessment. The demand register maintained by the corporation was not updated and details like year-wise arrears, or arrears of individual assesses were not readily available.The audit report said that there were wide variations in the annual value fixed for similar buildings. The property tax was levied at 15% of the annual value from 1994 onwards. The audit, however, found that there was no fair and transparent criteria for fixing the annual value. The corporation had not fixed any zone-wise benchmarks for calculating the annual value of buildings.There has been no follow-up action on lapsed permits, resulting in revenue loss to the corporation. Though the validity of construction permit is for three years, in many cases, construction or renovation has continued even after three years without renewing the permit. Since the corporation has no mechanism to watch the progress of construction, it depended totally in the report of the owner.The audit conducted site verifications and found 21 lapsed permits out of which 12 cases had completed construction work. The non-reporting of completion of works indicated substantial loss to the corporation.The corporation had also failed to assess certain buildings or portions of certain buildings. The audit report has listed the names of important buildings that have not been assessed.Meanwhile, Kochi mayor Tony Chammany said he was not aware of the CAG report. He said he would comment on it after studying the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17592783", "title": "Another Punjabi languishing in Pak jail", "text": "AMRITSAR: After getting the sack and unable to make both ends meet, Pankaj Gupta, a resident of Pathankot, decided to run away from his house in 1996. But as the luck would have it, he inadvertently crossed the border and landed in Pak jail.Pankaj was scheduled to be released in 2009, but he was not so lucky as Pakistani authorities once again put him behind bars following Indo-Pak tension over Mumbai attack.Anil Gupta , brother of Pankaj, said, \"After losing his job, he used to remain upset and after one such tiff, he disappeared from home.\" In 2009, a letter from Pakistan , raised their hopes as they got to know that Pankaj was alive, though in a hostile country. Anil said Pankaj informed them that he was implicated by Pak police in a false spying case.Anil has now approached UK-based rights activist and advocate Jas Uppal seeking her help to file petition in Pak court urging his early release.Jas told TOI over phone from UK on Wednesday, \"Gupta was interrogated and tortured by Pakistani authorities for five years, he was lodged in Muzaffarbad prison in Kashmir. He has now been transferred to Hadiala Central Jail in Rawalpindi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592313", "title": "NGO writes to PM over acceptability of Aadhaar", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore Consumer Cause, a non government organisation, has written a letter to the prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh requesting government's intervention to ensure that all government offices accept Aadhaar indenitification number issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India.In the letter, the association has stated that government departments like passport offices do not accept Aadhaar as a document of evidence. K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause, in the letter highlighted that while many other proofs like bank account statement, gas connection, notary affidavit, ration card etc are acceptable by passport offices, they do not accept Aadhaar for any purpose, which contradicts government's claim on Aadhaar. Similarly, the 'Postal Identity Card' issued by Postal Departments were also not accepted for the above purpose by the Passport offices. The postal identity card issued by postal department, contains full description of its holder with his signature and photograph. But that is also not accepted as an evidence of document by the Passport offices.\"The government of India claims Aadhaar will serve as a proof of identity and address, anywhere in India, but government departments are following a different rule,\" he said.Kathirmathiyon said that the government by using the Aadhaar card as a main source of identification even started disbursing subsidy amounts to the beneficiaries. The government is advocating the importance of 'Aadhaar Card' and require all public to have the Aadhaar card. Believing that the card would be a must in future for so many purposes, many public are taking pain to obtain their cards, he pointed.\"Probably passport rules may have to be amended so as to include Aadhaar and Postal ID card also as one of the documents. But the ministry of external affairs, even though well aware that those documents were not acceptable to them as per the existing rules, do not bother to make amendment to their Rules.Similarly, in Regional Transport Offices, for obtaining lisences, Registration of vehicles etc. the Aadhaar Card and Postl ID cards are useless. They do not accept the above documents since the Central Motor Vehicles Rules were not suitably amended in this regard.There may be more such departments, which refuses to recognize government issued documents like Aadhaar card.He highlighted that the success of such identity cards depends mainly on the acceptability by a large number of other departments.\"When ordinary documents are accepted by passport offices and transport offices, if the highly promoted and advocated ID cards issued by Govt. of India is not acceptable even to government of India's other departments, definitely people may lose interest and faith on such cards,\" he said.Hence, the government needs to ensure that all its offices are accepting Aadhaar as 'acceptable documents' by making amendments. Only if the offices like passport offices and transport department accept the identity cards issued by government of India, people would have confidence regarding such ID cards. Hence, all the Govt. departments may be suitably instructed in this regard, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596304", "title": "Cops help fix traffic woes", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a view to improve the traffic problems in the city and facilitate hassle-free movement for people under the comprehensive mobility plan, municipal corporation has demanded suggestions from traffic police. Following this a report was submitted by the traffic police on Tuesday in which they gave suggestions for the reducing the growing traffic problems in city.Assistant commissioner police (traffic) Elanchezhian said, \"We have given our suggestions regarding the comprehensive mobility plan prepared by RITES. Our suggestions are based on growing traffic in the next 10 years.\"The plan covers marking of overcrowded roads, possibility of widening of roads, solution for traffic problem, and routes of city buses.Ludhiana municipal corporation commissioner said, \"RITES is already working on the comprehensive mobility plan for the improvement of the traffic situation in the city. However, we felt that there was a need to take some immediate steps for relief and thus we took suggestions from city traffic police for the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592113", "title": "Vinod Rai gets second term as UN audit panel chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: He might be facing criticism at home but the United Nations has given comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai a second term as chairman of the global body's panel of external auditors. The panel decides the course and subject of audit of various UN organizations, including the International Atomic Energy Agency.In his latest audit report on the UN, submitted to secretary general Ban Ki Moon, Rai strongly recommended putting in place a mechanism to govern voluntary contributions which form a major portion of funding that the UN receives.The UN panel of external auditors for 2013 has apex auditors of Canada, China, France, India, Italy, Pakistan, Philippines, Switzerland, Tanzania and the UK as members. Amyas Morse, CAG of the UK, has been re-elected vice-chairman.A press note issued by the finance ministry here said the UN's panel of auditors \"plays an important role in promoting accountability and strengthening governance mechanisms in the UN organizations\". The UN secretary general appreciated the panel of auditors, headed by Rai, and the yeoman service rendered by the external auditors in improving governance in the UN system, the finance ministry note said.The panel of auditors in their meeting on Tuesday at the UN headquarters in New York discussed the major business transformations currently underway in the UN with the secretary general. Some of the major issues that came up for discussion included the requirement for optimizing the process of deriving benefits from the business transformations currently underway, the need to put in place a mechanism to govern voluntary contributions and for strengthening coordination between the auditors and the UN secretariat.Rai's international accolade comes at a time when several Cabinet ministers have questioned his audit approach and impartiality in questioning government policies. Currently, the Joint Parliamentary Committee on 2G spectrum scam is in the process of cross-questioning some of his audit officials for their findings which led to the arrest of former telecom minister A Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591136", "title": "Get TB drugs at shops free, govt to pay up", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to curb multi-drug resistant tuberculosis cases caused mostly because of irregular medication, the government has decided that relevant medicines will be available for free at all chemist shops and corporate hospitals.The scheme will be rolled out across the country by next March. A patient, confirmed positive for TB by a qualified doctor, simply needs to register with the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Program (RNTCP).The patient will then be issued a unique ID which will have all information on medicines prescribed and the dosage.\"Any hospital or chemist shop will be able to give the medicine to him/her as per the treatment schedule, which will be available online. The government will bear all costs,\" said Dr Jagdhish Prasad, director general of health services (DGHS).The government presently spends about Rs 250 crore on providing free medicines to TB patients. The new scheme will cost about Rs 100 crore more.\"We are in talks with manufacturers of the medicines and hospital groups to finalise the modality for reimbursement,\" Prasad said.India reports 15 lakh new cases of TB every year. About one in six deaths among adults aged 15-49 are caused by TB. Nearly 10,000 cases of multi-drug resistant are estimated to occur annually.TB was declared a notifiable disease in May this year, making it compulsory for all private doctors, caregivers and clinics treating a patient of this air-borne disease to report the case to the government.\"About 1.5 million people are registered with our DOTS (directly observed therapy centres). But data shows 10-17% of these patients tend to miss their regular dosage either because they are working or they do not want to travel to the centres to get the medicine, leaving the treatment module incomplete and ineffective and also exacerbating the risk of multi-drug resistance in them. Many cannot buy medicines due to lack of money,\" said the official.A workshop involving top researchers and TB experts is being held to develop the standard model for TB treatment. \"There is disparity in prescription of drugs among the private practitioners and the DOTS module, which is WHO approved. We need to address that too,\" Prasad said.Dr Sarman Singh, professor of clinical microbiology at AIIMS, said while the idea of free distribution of medicines is welcome, strict monitoring will be required to ensure that needy patients get it and it is not misused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596011", "title": "New sub-station to ensure 24-hr power on Allahabad University campus", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Come New Year and hundreds of students boarded in the five girl's hostels on the Women Hostel (WH) campus of Allahabad University would enjoy freedom from power cuts or even voltage fluctuation. The entire WH campus would be connected with AU's own newly constructed dedicated sub-station which would be energised by the end of the month.Established at a cost of around Rs 9 crore, the idea of a dedicated power line for AU came up around five years back. A substation has been constructed behind Tilak Bhawan of AU with heavy transformers and been connected with 132/33/KVA sub station of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd (UPCCL) near IERT to provide uninterrupted power supply to all the departments of AU. The Electrical and Mechanical wing of UP Jal Nigam has installed the transformers and laid down cables on all the four campuses of AU.The entire length of the main underground cable, connected with the 132/33/KVA substation and with around a dozen nodes, has been checked thoroughly and would be connected with the main sub-station by next week. The entire gamut of electrical gadgets has been installed at the sub-station and would be energised by the end of this year.The need for a dedicated power line was felt after AU established state of the art labs with sophisticated equipment, for which slightes fluctuation of voltage could be damaging. The need for uninterrupted and stable power was felt as in various departments, experiments failed due to power cuts or fluctuation. Despite paying an annual electricity bill of around Rs 1 crore 20 lakh, and spending around Rs 20 lakh annually on diesel to run generators, the purpose was not being served satisfactorily. AU's sub station will also help cut down wastage of electricity as it would have a metre to measure the units consumed.Sources inform that a compact sub-station (CSS), a facility worth around Rs 45 lakh with a 125 KVA transformer and all the electrical systems in a cabinet was procured for the lecture theatre complex coming up on the FCI compound. The CSS has been installed at the sub-station and is ready to be attached with the cables of AU's main sub-station following which all the girls' hostels of AU would get uninterrupted power supply.After the main sub-station is energised by the end of this month and starts giving uninterrupted power supply to Arts campus and other faculties in phases, university authorities have planned to attach the power supply to WH by January. After all the faculties get attached to the sub-station, the boys hostels of AU would be attached with the main sub-station and there will be 24 hours power everywhere on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17593357", "title": "Aziz H Ahmedbhoy Trophy: Okavango for feature", "text": "MUMBAI: Malesh Narreduschooled gelding Okavango appears outstanding among the filed of four runner in the Aziz H Ahmedbhoy Trophy, the feature event of the Thursday's Mumbai races.In the able hands of Daniel Grant, Okavango is likely to emerge victorious. There are eight races on Thursday with first starting at 1.45 pm.Selections 1. Guest Connections Plate (1000m):Blush 1, Rio Del Ray 2. 2. Siachen Trophy (1600m): Ice Cool 1, Monet 2. 3. Aziz H Ahmedbhoy Trophy (1600m): Okavango 1, Limitless Hills 2. 4. Free Radical Plate-Div-II (1200m): Coquette 1, National Pride 2. 5. Fair Always Plate (1400m): Flying Star 1, Starry Ocean 2. 6. Au Panache Plate (2000m): Songlark 1, Carlyle Hills 2. 7. Snow Dew Plate (1000m): Eskimo 1, Hawk Of The Wind 2. 8. Free Radical Plate-Div-II (1200m): Zidaan 1, Ice Affair 2. Day's best: Okavango.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596194", "title": "'Tumbiwaala Mankoo' keeps folk art alive", "text": "LUDHIANA: A true tumbi (popularly known as an Ektara) player can leave the audience mesmerized with the flick of his forefingers - and so can Kulwinder Mankoo, 28, a manager at a private pharmaceutical company in the city.The tumbi is a folk instrument often used in accompaniment to Bhangra music and can be also be used as a drone or as a simple melodic complement to percussion. Made of a wooden stick attached to a wooden head or gourd, and with a single metallic string running its length, the tumbi is played with two hands.A resident of Vishal Nagar, Kulwinder has been learning and playing the instrument for the past six years. \"There is something energetic about the sound of a Tumbi. A few notes, causally strung together in the right order, hint to the ecstasy to follow.\"Popularly and lovingly called \"Tumbiwaala Mankoo\" by his YouTube fans, Kulwinder has uploaded 16 videos and boasts of more than 17,000 \"likes\" for his songs. \"Every time I upload my video, the love and appreciation of people always encourage me to work harder,\" he said. Describing music as the language of harmony and unity, he said, \"I am grateful to my guru Jasdev Yamla Jatt for giving me my unique style and love for music. My guru believes a well honed tumbi, coupled with a keen player, can leave listeners enraptured.\"Talking about his favourites, Kulwinder said, \"My videos 'Fulkari' and 'A tribute to Kuldeep Manak' are one of the most popular songs on YouTube and are my favourites too.\"Talking about the latest video he is working on, he said, \"Next I am composing a patriotic song to pay a tribute to Bhagat Singh. It will be uploaded soon.\"He adds, \"I love singing and performing on Punjabi folk and Bollywood numbers. My recent video 'Jee karda' from the movie 'Singh is King' was a huge hit.\"His parents, Gurudev Singh and Harpal Kaur are proud of the fact that their son for carrying forward the folk instrument legacy in today's generation of guitar and drums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "17593793", "title": "9 parties get invite for all-party meet on Telangana", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD:The Union home ministry has formally invited two representatives each from the 9 political parties in the state to attend the all-party meeting on Telangana to be held in the national capital on December 28.The letter, addressed to the presidents and other office bearers of the parties, is signed by additional secretary K Skandan and dated December 11. According to sources, the invitation was faxed to the party offices in Hyderabad late on Tuesday evening but that they became aware of it only on Wednesday.While indirectly conveying the message that the meeting was not the initiative of the home ministry, the brief invitation laid emphasis on the point that the meeting was being organised at the behest of many MPs. \"A number of representations from the members of Parliament have been made to the Union home minister to restart the dialogue on the Telangana issue. Accordingly, it is proposed to convene a meeting on the subject on Friday, the 28December, 2012, at 10 am at Room No 103, Ist Floor, North Block, New Delhi. It is requested to nominate two representatives from your side to attend the aforesaid meeting. A line in confirmation in this regard would be highly appreciated,\" the invitation read.The invitation was sent to the TRS, BJP, Congress, TDP, MIM, YSR Congress, CPM, CPI and Loksatta. However, the political parties reaction to the invitation were varied . The BJP said the Congress should declare its stance on Telangana before the meeting is held while the TRS described the letter as vague and threatened to boycott the meeting unless a fresh and more clear invitation is sent. The YSR Congress said it was not a recognised party, and hence, has not been invited to the meeting. But home ministry sources said YSR Congress too was invited. The TDP said it is yet to decide on who the two representatives will be. The CPI, which is for Telangana, said it would send state secretary K Narayana and assembly floor leader G Mallesh as its representatives to the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596645", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Zanjeer to release on April 12", "text": "The release date of Ram Charan-Priyanka Chopra starrer Zanjeer has been locked as April 12, 2013. Official sources inform that Zanjeer will be hitting the screens as summer special and shall woo all types of audience. Zanjeer has completed three schedules of shooting including the recent one in Hyderabad.The film is a remake of Amitabh Bachchan's 1973 hit film with the same name. The role of Sher Khan, originally played by veteran actor Pran, will be essayed by Sanjay Dutt in the remake while Sonu Sood will be seen essaying the iconic for the Telugu version.Produced by Reliance Entertainment, Adai Mehra Productions and Flying Turtles, Zanjeer also stars Sanjay Dutt, Prakash Raj, Sonu Sood, Srihari and Mahie Gill. Director Apoorva Lakhia is also planning to release a teaser shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592819", "title": "Corporation seals unauthorised building in Parry\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s", "text": "CHENNAI: Continuing the drive against unauthorised buildings, Chennai Corporation officials on Wednesday locked and sealed a commercial building on N S C Bose Road in Parry's for violating building rules.The owner obtained permission for construction of ground and first floor but the building was found to have three extra floors (ground + 4 floors). A senior official said: \"The owner deviated from the original plan submitted for approval. Wednesday's exercise is a continuous process against building violations in the Broadway area.\"A notice was sent more than a month ago. \"But the owner did not respond. So we have taken action under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1971,\" the official said. The violations include construction of additional floors and rules relating to floor space index, setback, parking and fire safety measures.Official sources said many builders got court orders suggesting they were constructing ordinary buildings (ground + two floors) which didn't require a CMDA completion certificate to apply for Metrowater and TNEB service connections as per government orders before constructing extra floors. CMDA rules say any commercial building that has more than ground plus two floors is a special building and requires a CMDA completion certificate. \"Unless service connections are denied, such violations will continue,\" said a corporation official.Development regulations of the Town and Country Planning Act, 1971, mandate car space for a floor area above 75 sqm in residential buildings and above 100 sqm in commercial buildings. But many commercial buildings in the narrow bylanes of Broadway don't have enough parking facilities.Many Broadway residents said most building violations went unchecked. Vigneshwaran, a shopper on Govindappa Naicken Street, said: \"It's difficult to walk on the street. Many shopkeepers have constructed additional floors and made modifications without approval. But little action has been taken against them.\"A corporation official said: \"Nearly 60% of the buildings in Broadway are unapproved. But shortage of staff and pressure from politicians are hampering the action against the violators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591201", "title": "Government way behind 5-lakh affordable homes target", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite receiving appreciation from the Central government for its flagship programme of affordable housing scheme, in ground reality, the state government is nowhere close to meeting its target.Last week, Union ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation recommended Rajasthan's affordable housing policy to other states to address the problems of rising number of homeless persons and slums in the country.Even after three years since its launch, the state department is way behind the target.Under the affordable housing scheme in 2009, the Rajasthan government had drafted a policy for constructing 1 lakh homes and later scaled it up to 5 lakh homes in a period of five years.However, the pace of the project suggests that the state will able to accommodate only 30 % of the total slum dwellers by the end of the five years. \"Till June 2013, 1.33 lakh houses under the scheme will be provided to slum dwellers,\" a senior UDH official said.In 2010, the state government also adopted various modules to be developed under public private partnership (PPP) scheme. However, high court stay on land use changes and a late decision of transfer of development rights (TDR) by the state cabinet delayed the project.\"Only 30,000 houses under PPP have been developed so far,\" a source said.According to the officials, the model - 2 of the affordable housing scheme has to be developed on the private land of the developer. The second phase of the model was delayed due to HC stay on land use changes.Similarly, as the TDR decision was delayed in the cabinet, the authorities could not invite developers under the PPP mode. In model - 4 of the scheme, the developer will construct the houses on government land. The government too could not provide land to the developers.To achieve the target, the department will also accommodate economically weaker sections (EWS) and lower income group (LIG) in JDA and private housing scheme, said an official. \"The JDA, in its housing colonies, will reserve 25% while it is mandatory for private developer to reserve 15% for such category, \" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "as the strings of a seasoned sitar rest in the shadow of the hands that breathed soul into them, bangalore transcends back in time to february 7, 2012. then, pt ravi shankar strummed his last farewell concert in india, in the city that beckoned him time and again. and he said", "code": "17591510", "title": "Farewell is just strings away", "text": "As the strings of a seasoned sitar rest in the shadow of the hands that breathed soul into them, Bangalore transcends back in time to February 7, 2012. Then, Pt Ravi Shankar strummed his last farewell concert in India, in the city that beckoned him time and again. And he said: 'I have been visiting the city since early childhood --- my connection to it dates back to 1934. I fell in love with Bangalore then. Over the years, it has changed so much; yet I have a special affection for the city and its people.'Pt Ravi Shankar's affection didn't manifest in words alone. \"We had approached Panditji to play for us in 2009, 2010 and again in 2012, when his wife herself said that if we wanted to call for a farewell concert, we may well do so. So we planned the concert and despite a severe lung condition, he arrived in Bangalore for the show,\" says Balakrishna Hegde, founder/chairman, Premaanjali Foundation for underprivileged children, to whom the proceeds of the concert went.As the maestro took stage that day, an overwhelming audience of 4,000 fans from across India, were drawn to the lap of Ravi Shankar's divine strumming under the stars of a winter sky. And people went away with tears in their eyes, in soulful tandem with the nonagenarian, who played for one hour and 45 minutes, non-stop. \"The moment he got off the stage, he was whisked to the greenroom, where I found him with an oxygen mask. I prostrated and sobbed at the sight of a man, who gave so much to his passion. Revived 15 minutes later, he consoled me,\" reminisces Hegde.Such was Ravi Shankar's appetite for music, confirms Bangalore-based flutist Ravichandra Kulur, who has shared stage with the maestro since 2005. \"It was a very emotional moment to play with Panditji in my home turf this February. Music was his food. At 92 years, it is unimaginable to see how attached he was to his music and his eternal freshness for life. After 200 concerts with the man who rocked the global music world, I sit stunned today as I think of the last time we performed together at Long Beach, California, on November 4 this year. I touched his feet after the concert and he simply said: 'I am happy and relieved.' He perhaps knew it would be his last show,\" says Kulur, even as strings from the past merge into the future in timeless momentum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17592724", "title": "Trio molests teen on busy Dombivli road", "text": "KALYAN: Days after a 19-year-old boy was killed for protesting against eve-teasing in Dombivli, a 22-year-old dance teacher and two of his associates were arrested after they allegedly molested a teenager in full public view and assaulted her boyfriend when he protested.The incident occurred near an ice-cream parlour on Char Rasta Road in Dombivli (E) on Tuesday evening. Sources said there were quite a few onlookers, but none of them came forward to help the girl and her friend. The three accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201ddance teacher Dipesh Solanki, Rajesh Solanki (18) and Sandeep Ahire (21)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere arrested early on Wednesday.Sources said the victim was a student at Dipesh's dance school and the duo reportedly had an affair for about a year before breaking up recently. \"When Dipesh learned about the girl's new boyfriend, he got angry and committed the crime,\" said Vilas Jadhav, senior inspector, Ramnagar police.Around 9pm on Tuesday, the girl and her boyfriend were having falooda at the ice-cream parlour when the three accused showed up. They had an argument with the girl before manhandling and molesting her. When the boyfriend intervened, he was allegedly assaulted and warned not to meet her again. A crowd gathered at the spot but nobody tried to save the duo. The boy sustained minor injuries in the incident.While leaving the spot, the trio hurled stones at the girl and her boyfriend; neither of them was hit. The girl then lodged a complaint with the Ramnagar police, who arrested the trio in the wee hours of Wednesday.On December 3, four youngsters stabbed Santosh Vichivara (19), to death at the gate of his housing complex in Dombivli for protesting against the lewd comments passed at a girl. In that case, too, there were 30-35 people present in the area, but nobody went to his aid.A week later, a 25-year-old MBA was arrested for passing lewd comments at a teenager, while an autorickshaw driver was picked up for allegedly raping a four-year-old girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592091", "title": "2 killed as truck hits three-wheeler", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons were killed and four injured after a speeding truck collided head on with a three-wheeler carrying six people. The incident was reported from Narela in outer Delhi late Wednesday night. The deceased were Jai Prakash (24) and Moti Singh (62). The injured, Anoop, Kishan and Subhash and Haunman Prasad are residents of Metro Vihar.The three-wheeler had reached the Holambi bus stand near Tyagi farms at midnight when the tempo, coming from the opposite direction at high speed, and rammed into it.Passersby informed the police. The injured were taken to Raja Harishchandra Hospital, where two were declared brought dead and others were admitted. The driver of the tempo fled and the cops are looking for him. They have registered a case of rash driving and causing death due to negligence. The tempo has been impounded.In another incident, a pedestrian was killed after being hit by an auto in west Delhi late on Wednesday night, police said. The deceased was identified as Jai Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17592432", "title": "Green tribunal seeks action plan to make city pollution-free", "text": "NOIDA: The National Green Tribunal on Wednesday directed for preparation of a report that would give an action plan of remedies to be adopted in Noida to make the city pollution free. The plan will be prepared in consultation with all stakeholders, including the state pollution control board, Noida-based industries and the Noida Authority.The directions for the formulation of an action plan were given during the hearing of a petition filed by a Noida resident, Sanjay Agnihotri, who has alleged of high levels of pollution in the city. The tribunal had ordered upon this petition in April this year that no new industrial units be set up in Noida, nor existing units be allowed to expand, without its approval.Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA), which has alleged the Noida Authority of having expanded the scope of the April order of the tribunal so as not to allow transfers or sale of industrial plots, has also begun moving applications to the tribunal for clearance. NEA members said that around 73 applications have been pending with it since the last eight months regarding sale and transfer of plots, setting up of new industrial units and expansion of existing units.\"As the Noida Authority has not been allowing transfer of industrial plots, all applications will now be submitted to the tribunal for clearance. Non-polluting industries should not be allowed to be affected by the order,\" said Vipin Malhan, president of NEA.According to the entrepreneurs' body, all applications pertain to the category of non-polluting industries which already have the clearance of Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board. \"The applications will be dealt with on a case-to-case basis,\" Malhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17592740", "title": "Tribals decide to take power in own hands", "text": "SHIMLA: In early 1960s, tribals in Lahaul-Spiti district had turned their fortunes by forming Lahaul Potato Growers Society (LPS), which was at one time the second largest cooperative society in Asia after Amul. Five decades later, tribals are again set to script a new chapter, venturing into hydro power generation through the cooperative movement, by forming Chandra Valley Hydro Power Project Cooperative Society Ltd with 800 members.Located beyond the 13,050-feet mighty Rohtang pass , tribals here are known for their entrepreneurial skills and hard labour. Through LPS, they not only changed their fortunes, but have also ventured into hotel business and food processing. With big companies venturing into hydel projects, they also jumped in. Knowing that financial constraints can stop their march, they formed the cooperative society to take care of finances.With members hailing from 30 villages of Chandra valley, stretching between Khoksar and Dalang villages, the society is perhaps the first such tribal initiative in the country. Formed five years back, the society plans to submit a detailed project report to state government for their dream venture of hydro power project. Two days back, director, energy, has sought some clarifications on the detailed project report, indicating project is under due consideration.\"We had formed the society in 2007. It took us five years to prepare a detailed project report as, during the initial two years, we were not allocated any site. Now, we have submitted the detailed project report for 2.5 MW hydro power project in Khoksar and our case is being scrutinized,\" said Balbir Singh Yarki, managing director of the society.Yarki said that the project would cost around Rs 16 crore. \"Initially, we have collected Rs 11,400 from each member, which comes to around Rs 1 crore. We will raise more funds besides taking loan from banks,\" he said. Power generated from the project will be sold to Himachal Pradesh State Electricity Board through an agreement to be signed before the execution of the project, he said.Once the project is cleared, they would hire a consultant for execution of the project. \"Many engineers from our own Chandra valley have assured to guide us from time to time and we would certainly take their help,\" he added.Yarki, a former block development officer and a native of Lahaul valley, is credited with encouraging villagers to set up cooperatives to run micro hydro power projects. Though the response was low initially, Yarki's efforts worked and today Chandra society is the second largest cooperative after the Lahaul Potato Growers Society.Chairman of Chandra society, Lal Chand Katoch, said, \"Big companies are coming to Lahaul to explore the hydro power potential. Instead of opposing the projects, people should become part of the development process. We have identified three potential sites with 400 KV to 5 MW capacity, where we would set up projects. We cannot compete with big companies individually, but through cooperative societies, we definitely can,\" he said.Sparsely populatedWith a population density of 2 persons per sq km, Lahaul-Spiti district, at an altitude of 10,050 feet, has India's lowest population density. Its population is around 32,000 while the total geographical area is 13,833 sq km.Cooperative venturesAround 158 years back, Moravian Missionaries had first introduced cultivation of seed potato at Gumrang village. Later, on May 28, 1966, tribals formed Lahaul Potato Growers Society (LPS), which has now diversified into hotel and food processing business. LPS also runs a petrol pump at Tandi and an LPG agency.The tribals here have also formed Lahaul Hops and Chikori Cooperative Society, which has around 1,200 farmers as registered members. They have now formed Lahaul-Spiti Seabuckthorn Cooperative Marketing Society to ensure profitable marketing of seabuckthorn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591916", "title": "Denied fuel, tehsildars travel in ST buses", "text": "PUNE: Tehsildars working in the district have not been using their official vehicles for almost a week now as the state government has failed to sanction an outstanding amount of Rs 17 lakh towards their fuel expenses. With the allowance pending for the last several months, the officials have now decided to travel in state transport buses till the issue is resolved.There are 14 tehsildars working in the jurisdiction of the district collectorate. The vehicles have been parked on the premises of the district collector's office. Every taluka place has a tehsil office, while a tehsildar is responsible for issuing various certificates, sanctioning works and conducting inspections in the taluka.\"Use of vehicles is inevitable as we have to carry out inspections in our jurisdiction every day. We have been facing difficulties in meeting expenses on fuel as the grants are pending for last many months. Even if a grant is approved, the entire amount is not sanctioned. The government should look into the issue on an urgent basis as it could hamper our daily work,\" tehsildars said. Officials in the revenue department said the issue was raised with chief minister but there was no satisfactory outcome. Rohini Akhade, tehsildar, general branch, said the officials were not using their official vehicles since December 7. The matter has been taken up with the government repeatedly but to no avail.Sources in the district administration said that some steps have been taken to resolve the issue. The office of the divisional commissioner has asked a report on details of unpaid grants. Also, three more vehicles have been sanctioned for tehsildars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592606", "title": "Zee chief agrees to face lie detector test", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zee Group chairman Subhash Chandra on Wednesday agreed before a Delhi court to undergo a lie detection test.However, the group's two arrested editors Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia refused to do so, even though they agreed to give their voice samples, in the alleged Rs 100 crore extortion bid case filed by Congress MP Naveen Jindal's firm.Chandra's counsel, however, made the nod to undergo the test conditional on his client being informed about its procedure and if his doctors agree to it.Metropolitan magistrate Gaurav Rao then issued production warrant to the two editors for Thursday and also sought Chandra's presence. Chandra's lawyer Vijay Aggarwal, while agreeing to the test, demanded that the police should also subject Naveen Jindal to a lie-detection test to ascertain the truth behind the allegations.He said call records of Jindal's executives including Sushil Maroo, Ravi Muthreja, Vivek Mittal and Rajeev Bhaduria from September to November 2012 be preserved to unearth the whole truth since the po- lice has conducted a one-sided investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592367", "title": "Soon teams to keep eye on any ongoing work near depot", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon has decided to form quick response teams that will immediately report any construction activity within the 900 metres of the Indian Air Force ammunition depot. This is one of the proposals that are likely to be come up for discussion on Thursday on how to deal with the unauthorized construction in this restricted area.Also, the municipal commissioner has increased the strength of inspection teams from the present four to six. \"Earlier, the 900 metre area was divided into four zones and each zone was headed by an executive engineer of the MCG . However, the commissioner has now directed that this area should further be divided and now there are a total of six zones. All the executive engineers have been asked to take help of all the junior and assistant engineers in their team to ensure no kind of construction activity takes place in their zone,\" said an official.\"The more number of people the more efficient the supervision will be. All the six executive engineers have been asked to file a report each week about the steps in case they come across an illegal construction in their zone. In case they fail to report any illegal construction activity the executive engineers will be held responsible.The six executive engineers who will be in charge of the zones are Rajesh Bansal, Raman Sharma, ND Vashisht, AK Singla, RP Dahiya and Uday Vir Singh Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592862", "title": "Madras high court restrains cops from arresting Kalanithi Maran", "text": "CHENNAI: A week after police registered a case of cheating against the top brass of the Sun TV group, including its chief Kalanithi Maran , based on a complaint filed by a film producer, the Madras high court came to their rescue and restrained police from arresting or summoning them for inquiry.Justice A Arumughaswamy, before whom the petitions filed by Kalanithi Maran, RMR Ramesh, Chembian and Kannan came up for hearing on Wednesday, directed the Central Crime Branch (CCB) police not to harass, arrest or summon any of them till December 18. The petitions would be taken up for further hearing on December 18, the judge said, issuing notices also to the CCB.CCB police have registered a case against Ramesh, Kannan, Sembiyan and Maran based on the complaint by film director-producer Sakthi Chidambaram. They face charges punishable under Section 420 (cheating), 352 (punishment for assault or criminal force otherwise than on grave provocation), 294 (b) (abusing) and 506 (II) (criminal intimidation) of IPC. In his complaint, Chidambaram claimed that Sun TV Network had entered into an agreement with him and promised to pay Rs 5.5 crore for the telecast rights of the Tamil movie 'Kavalan'.As per the agreement, he received Rs 2.75 crore from the Sun TV group and they failed to pay the remaining amount. Instead, they deposited the amount before the court, as the matter had been dragged to the court by then.Claiming that he was intimidated, he said the film was telecast on Sun TV before the entire amount was paid to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592023", "title": "Female PSI arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: Police sub-inspector (PSI) Naina Pohekar, attached to Akola police station, who has been heading an anti eve-teasing squad, was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau's Akola team on Wednesday. She has been accused of demanding bribe from some youths who had been booked for filming a girl and blackmailing her.Pohekar is known for her fight against eve-teasing. Police sources said that a week ago, Pohekar booked a few youths for allegedly blackmailing a girl. Sources said that the girl's boyfriend had filmed her obscene pictures and had circulated them among his friends. Later, they all started blackmailing her and would harass her.The boys claimed that Pohekar, who was investigating the case, demanded a bribe from them to register some lesser offences. Three days ago, the ACB set up a trap against Pohekar on the youth's complaint. However, the trap failed and Pohekar did not accept the bribe.Later after investigations, ACB decided to arrest Pohekar on the basis of the complaint by the boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17595945", "title": "Illegal bus shelters under scanner", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation commissioner M R Ravi has warned of action against those who have constructed illegal bus shelters, if they fail to remove them immediately.The issue was debated heatedly by corporators at the MCC council meeting following a report in TOI a few months ago.The commissioner said the MCC has established hi-tech bus shelters in association with a private organization on BOOT basis to help bus passengers. \"But many other shelters have been constructed unscientifically and without permission from the civic body. Those who have set up such bus shelters unlawfully should clear the area without delay or else they will face legal action,\" he said.This apart, every bus shelter should have the logo of MCC and a message about cleanliness and heritage. Bus shelters having only advertisements is also a violation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592052", "title": "1.4 lakh trees felled to save tigers!", "text": "NAGPUR: Call it ultimate irony of conservation. The state forest department earlier this year felled an unbelievable 1.4 lakh trees to resettle two villages from Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) in Chandrapur district.To relocate Jamni and Navegaon (Ramdegi) villages in Tadoba forest department used around two densely forested compartments over 500 hectares, an area roughly equal to 450 football fields. Together they had over 1.4 lakh trees that had to be felled. The shift will free roughly same sized patch inside the forest reserve over which these villages were situated for wildlife.The action has triggered a debate among conservationists whether relocation of villages from sanctuaries needs fresh guidelines. While one school considers it essential price to be paid, another section thinks the damage done is much more than conservation benefit derived.Some 226 families in the two villages have been settled at new location. The remaining 236 families (128 from Navegaon and 108 from Jamni) availed Rs10 lakh cash option. Jamni villagers are being relocated near Amdi around 14km from Tadoba in the north and Navegaon near Khadsingi adjoining the reserve.State principal secretary for forests, Praveen Pardeshi claimed that the approval under Forest Conservation Act (FCA) from the Centre to divert 250 hectare land each for Jamni and Navegaon came way back on February 14, 2002, and April 21, 2003, respectively. However, a similar proposal to relocate Fulzari village in Pench reserve during the same period was rejected by MoEF as the relocation site was situated in reserve forest in Deolapar. The site was later changed.Officials also claimed no other suitable site for relocation acceptable to villagers were available. Tiger population in Tadoba remains stagnant at 43 due to lack of space. The spillover population is dispersing into the landscape resulting in conflicts. Outside the reserve they become vulnerable to poaching and hence relocating the villages was a dire necessity.Conservationists say loss of habitat and shrinking forest cover has led to dwindling tiger numbers. They have also been fighting to stall forest land diversion for mines and and irrigation project. Against this backdrop, destroying dense forest and mass tree felling for conservation purposes seems specially jarring.The government has already spent Rs50 crore on relocation of these two villages. The money is gone and the ecology has also been damaged. On the flip side, the wildlife got more space and the space freed up can accommodate 6-7 tigers and good herbivore population.This is assuming the forest regenerates in freed areas, which is not a given. The sites of villages shifted years ago are still meadows. It may take decades, even centuries, for dense canopies to form there.Moreover, the resettlement sites are themselves in wildlife corridor. Cutting down trees and settling people there may only mean more man-animal conflict. That would truly be regressive as these villages had been living with tigers without any conflict.Pardeshi says Union government granted FCA clearance because it also knew that when we give forest land to these villages, we get equivalent non-forest land which has higher ecological value. \"The relocation cannot be compared with industrial or irrigation projects. From mines, we don't get non-forest lands as in case of Jamni and Navegaon. Besides, the land so selected was as per the choice of villagers,\" Pardeshi explained.\"It is on record that there is no revenue land available in Chandrapur. Besides, people's consent matters. Under such circumstances, this was only option,\" said Kishor Rithe, member of high court-appointed monitoring committee for relocation work in TATR.\"You cannot compare trees felled for relocation and that for mining. In relocation, you get prime strategic land for re-forestation and wildlife even if you lose tree cover elsewhere. In mining you lose forest without getting any forest. The new sites are close to existing villages,\" said Rithe.Even Kalyan Kumar, deputy conservator of forest (DyCF), Tadoba (buffer) and member-secretary of district rehabilitation committee, felt the land allotted to the two villages was on the edge of the forests. This was the only viable option.\"If you don't give a good deal, villagers won't agree to move out. In case of Navegaon and Jamni, we achieved twin objectives of wildlife conservation and people's livelihood security,\" he said.InfografxThe Rationale* Forest dept chopped 1.4 lakh trees to relocate two villages Jamni and Ramdegi out of Tadoba* This was done as revenue or degraded forest land was not available* Proposals for forest land diversion were cleared in 2002 and 2003 and are being implemented now as funds came last year* Forest department achieved twin objectives of tiger conservation and livelihood security of villagers* People cannot be forced to leave and the new places were selected with villagers' consentThe Way Forward* Revenue or degraded forest land must be found to resettle villages.* More villagers must be encouraged to take Rs10 lakh cash option* Need for cash incentives beyond the package money to save forest land being diverted for relocation* Melghat could reap benefit of relocation as several pieces of 'E Class' land are available. Zudpi jungle lands could be made available", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592356", "title": "From the horse's mouth: Cruelty report in HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India has come out with a detailed, damning report on the various cruelties suffered by the Victoria horses on a daily basis.This eye-opening report, which includes photographic evidences, has been placed before the Bombay high court, which will hear a matter regarding the plying of Victoria horses on December 13.\"In our investigation, we found that most of the Victoria horses have in fact gone into deep depression because of the physical torture endured on the roads and in the filthy stables. Any horse with its head drooping down constantly is depressed,\" said PETA's Dr Manilal Valliyate. He said PETA will urge the HC to completely ban the use of Victorias in the city, just like Delhi has already stopped the cruel and dangerous horse-drawn carriages.The damning investigative report showcases how Victoria horses live on hard pavements and concretized roads all their lives, instead of natural grass they are meant to tread on. The report also points at (with photographic evidence) how many horses are tied up with short ropes in filthy and dingy sheds, surrounded by their own faeces.\"Food for the horses is often thrown on the faeces. At one location, the horses were tied up in a narrow pathway next to a stinking public toilet. All these facts will be put up before the HC,\" said another PETA activist.Activist Ambika Hiranandani of People For Animals (PFA) said: \"We are extremely pleased with the hard work put in to bring out this report about Victoria horses. They too have the right to a happy life. Just last week, I had confiscated illegal spiked metal bits from the mouths of two horses at Gateway of India.\"The report also mentions this cruel and illegal use of spiked metal bits that lead to serious mouth injuries for the animals as their handlers forcefully tug these to change their direction on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591656", "title": "Blasphemous post sparks outrage", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents staged a rasta roko and shouted slogans on Wednesday afternoon in Malwani, after word spread that an \"objectionable link\" had been posted on a social networking site, hurting religious sentiments of the minorities. The police told the locals that the online post had been blocked and an FIR had already been registered by the Kandivali police in that connection.\"A mob of around 300 to 500 residents staged a rasta roko near Jama Masjid in Malwani. Shop owners downed shutters. The crowd demanded immediate action against the wrongdoers,\" a senior police officer said.\"Extra forces were deployed and help was sought from community leaders and mohalla committee members,\" he added.The protest began around 3pm and went on for an hour, before the police could bring the situation under control. No vandalism was reported. Late on Tuesday, a group of residents from Laljipada in Kandivli west approached the local police to complain about the objectionable post on a social networking site. The link was posted on the profile page of a Jaipur-based teacher, whose account had reportedly been hacked. The Kandivli police have registered an FIR and informed the cyber crime cell of the Mumbai police to block the content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592882", "title": "A chance of a lifetime for 72 Chennai students", "text": "CHENNAI: Two Class 11 students of a Chennai Higher Secondary School in Indira Nagar along with 70 other Class 11 students of city schools will get a taste of the frenzy surrounding F1 racing. They will get the chance to build a working model of a nitro-powered F1 car and a hydrogen-fuelled green car from scratch and even test it in a real wind tunnel. Robotix Learning Solutions, an education service provider that attempts to teach science, technology, engineering and maths using robotics, has organized an Auto Technology Challenge for school students. As many as 37 two-member teams with Class 11 students from city schools will be exposed to a four-day hands-on training workshop on related science concepts derived from a multi-disciplinary international curriculum. Chairman of Robotix Learning Solutions A S Ramana Prasad said, \"We have noticed before that girls too show a huge potential in robotics. So, we encouraged gender diversity by inviting girls to take part and the response is very encouraging.\"The selected students will be trained to construct a scaled-down version of an actual car from scratch. Experts from India and Singapore will train the 74 students, including girls, in product design concepts, learn about a few 3D software, build rapid prototypes using 3D printing machines, use laser-cutting machines, and test the designs and prototypes for aerodynamics in a real wind tunnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17592508", "title": "Heavy snowfall, storm warning in Himachal", "text": "MANALI: High hills of Himachal would get heavy snowfall while some parts may witness snow storms on Thursday and Friday. Meteorological department has warned that the effect of fresh western disturbance would be seen on the entire state.After lower regions of Himachal, including Shimla and Manali received first snowfall of the season on Tuesday, the state witnessed coldest night with Keylong freezing at -8.5 degrees celsius. Minimum temperature of Kalpa and Manali was -5.4 and -3 degrees celsius, the coldest in this season. Shimla (2.6), Sundarnagar (1.3), Bhuntar (1.7), Dharamshala (7.4), Una (4.7), Mandi (4.3), Nahan (5.4), Palampur (4.5) and Solan (0.5) also reeled under severe cold conditions. Most of the parts of state woke up to white layer of frost on ground.Met department director Manmohan Singh said western disturbance that brought snowfall on Tuesday has receded and a fresh western disturbance would show its effect after December 13. \"High hills of the state would get more snowfall while mid and low hills may experience rain with thundershowers.\"On Thursday, sky was crystal clear which triggered the fresh wave of cold in Himachal. According to experts, the calm weather is just a beginning of the storm that is going to strike on state on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592654", "title": "Tension at Allahpur in East Champaran", "text": "PATNA: Tension runs high in Allahpur village under Kesariya police station in East Champaran district following a recent incident of violent attack on backward Muslims by an armed group of upper caste Muslims. Though the village has been witnessing a series of skirmishes between two warring groups of Muslims for the last seven years, fresh trouble began on December 7 night when an armed group of around 15 upper caste Muslims led allegedly by the local mukhiya, Sarfaraz Ahmad Khan, attacked three backward Muslims when they were returning home after having a feast in the neighbouring village.Two of the victims saved their lives by fleeing from the scene but the third person, Akbar Ali, being physically challenged, could not run away. Police said the assailants thrashed Ali and threw him on the road thinking that he had died. Ali was later rushed to a hospital at Motihari where he is struggling for life.Confirming the incident, East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar on Wednesday said an FIR had been lodged against the assailants and police were making efforts to arrest them. He said the accused fled from the village.A team of All India Pasmanda Muslim Mahaj, led by its national president and Rajya Sabha MP Ali Anwar Ansari recently visited the village to take stock of the situation. The visiting team also met the East Champaran DM and SP at Motihari and demanded the immediate arrest of the assailants including that of the local mukhiya. Ansari also demanded appropriate security arrangements to backward Muslims.On his return from the village, Ansari said the backward Muslims of Allahpur had been facing different sorts of torture by upper caste Muslims for the last seven years. On December 6, 2007, a gang of upper caste Muslims set afire all huts of backward Muslims. Police had registered a case in the matter and also arrested some persons. In the meantime, an accused Sarfaraz Ahmed Khan won the election of mukhiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17593101", "title": "Calangute infra works under way", "text": "CALANGUTE: Infrastructural works in Calangute are gathering pace with the Goa state infrastructural development corporation (GSIDC) appointed contractor Ritesh developers on Wednesday commencing widening of the road from Ronil resort to the cattle-pound junction on the Mapusa-Calangute road via Bodkavaddo.Costing 2.63-cr, the work is expected to be complete in 25 days. In a related development, tenders for public toilets, changing rooms and shower facility at the entrance to Calangute beach, costing 55-lakh, were also issued on Wednesday, Calangute MLA Michael Lobo told TOI.Last week the PWD had carried out hot-mixing of roads in Gauravaddo.Tito's lane in Baga, the high street of partying and night clubs, is also set to get a new look with work currently under way on laying fancy inter-locking pavers on the entire road stretch from Bharat bar junction to the beach. The work has been undertaken through donations by resorts as part of their corporate social responsibility.Once complete, it will be used as a pedestrian promenade with no vehicles allowed beyond the Bharat bar junction, except for vehicles of residents. Decorative street-lights numbering around 50 will add to the new look.The new parking lot opposite Casa Portuguesa is also getting ready and is expected to be tarred and ready in time for Christmas, according to the contractor. Spread over 5,000 sq m, Lobo claimed that it will have a capacity for 400 cars and 200 bikes to be parked at a time.Stretches of the Baga road have already been widened and a footpath constructed making it easier for tourists to walk and vehicles to navigate. Tenders for the new Arpora bridge are also expected to be issued before the end of the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596548", "title": "Once in a century babies", "text": "LUDHIANA: For most, 12.12.12 sounds like a good date to have a baby. Besides the synchronicity of numbers, astrological implications of the date make it special. A couple in their early 30s, who had been struggling for a child for the last more than five years, finally got their little bundle of joy, a son, on December 12 at 12pm and 12 seconds.The proud father, Kuldeep Singh, a government employee from Mansa, said the date did not hold any particular appeal for him. But when the baby was born at 12pm on December 12, 2012, he could not help thanking providence.\"I have started believing in the magic of numbers. We had been yearning for a child for years. God has been kind,\" a teary-eyed Kuldeep said. His wife Veerpal Kaur, a homemaker and his parents Ram Singh and Baldev Kaur are on cloud nine. \"This is a big day for us. I only read about such things in the newspaper but never thought it would come about this way,\" Veerpal said. According to Dr Sumita Sofat, the operation was not planned. \"It so happened that the heart beat of the baby was slow and there were other problems which forced us to go for a surgery.\"Jarnail celebrates a memorable 15th birthdayAs the clock struck 12 on Tuesday night and the historical date rolled in, a day of surprises and wishes started for Jarnail Singh, who turned 15 on 12.12.12. The family that resides in Sarabha Nagar surprised their son at midnight by secretly inviting the close family and friends for a birthday bash at their residence. The birthday boy skipped his school in the morning to celebrate his historical birthday with a visit to a Sarabha Nagar gurdwara along with the family. The excitement doubled as the day progressed with the promised gifts coming in from parents and grandparents. While parents Amarjeet and Gurpreet Kaur gifted him an iPod , grandparents Manmohan Singh and Charnjit Kaur gifted Jarnail an iPad , promised to him for his 15th birthday. \"This will be the most memorable birthday of my life because of the historical date. I started celebrating this birthday with my family and ended it with my 10 of my best friends,\" said Jarnail.Celebrating 36 years of togetherness A simple family celebration marked the 36th anniversary of the marriage of Ramesh, 60, and Harkishan Kakkar, 65. \"What more could I ask for on this special day than the company of my beloved wife and my son and his family,\" said Harikishan, a retired manager residing at BRS Nagar. The family sought blessings of the goddess by visiting the Durga Mata temple in Sarabha Nagar early morning. Family and friends from the neighbourhood visited the couple throughout the day to wish them on their special anniversary on 12.12.12. \"We are glad to have witnessed many historical dates of the century starting from 1.1.1 to 12.12.12 with each other. The day is special only because I have my caring husband beside me,\" said Ramesh.Dr Rajanbir Treats Jasveer's 12 teeth Dr Rajanbir Singh Thind, a dentist at Dugri, had a special visitor at his clinic on Wednesday, who required dental treatment to his 12 teeth, including four replacements and eight fillings. Dr Thind said Jasveer Singh, 49, is his international client who had been consulting him for a week. \"So, when it came to his treatment, he chose this date as it would be am memorable experience to get 12 teeth treated on 12.12.12,\" added the dentist.Saina gets a car to remember The special date seemed fortunate for Civil Lines resident Saina as she received a car as a gift from her parents on her 23rd birthday. A birthday party too, awaited her as friends planned to surprise her. The day just turned out to be more and more exciting with my dream car rolling in first, coupled with a surprise birthday bash from friends. I would have celebrated this special day even if it wasn't my birthday,\" said Saina.A reason to party with friends A group of women planned to celebrate the last magical date of the century at a restaurant on Pakhowal Road. Harjeet Kaur, 56, organized the party for friends Neelu Garg, Dolly Arora, Gurmeet Kaur, Sukhjinder Kaur, Swaranjeet Basant, Iqbal Basant, Gurcharan Munjral, Ritu Gupta, Kiran Gupta, Meeru Garg and Charu Kaura, who were all residents of Pakhowal Road. For once, the women gave up their inhibitions about calorie intake and gorged on delicacies like kathi rolls, kababs, curries and Chinese dishes. They also played games to enjoy the day and relive their days of yore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593118", "title": "Panditji cherished decade-old relations", "text": "KOLKATA: When sarod and sitar manufacturer Hemen Sen passed away on January 2, 2010, Pandit Ravi Shankar had made it a point to reach out to his family. Though the maestro could not pay his condolence in person, he called up Sen's family expressing his grief over the demise of Hemen Sen.\"I am shocked by the news of Hemen-da's demise. But I hope his pioneering work won't die with him. I am hopeful that two of his sons will carry forward the tradition of making quality sitars,\" Panditji told Hemen Sen's elder brother Ratan Kumar Sen over the phone.Ravi Shankar's journey with Hemen Sen &amp; Company on Rashbehari Avenue goes to more than four decades back. Hemen, a sitar player himself, had ventured into making the instrument himself and established Hemen Sen &amp; Company in the 40s. Hemen, who also made sarods for the likes of Ustad Amjad Ali Khan , used to make customized sitars for Ravi Shankar.\"Panditji's last visit to our shop was about 15 years ago. He came down to check the jawaris and the tuning of the sitar my father was preparing for him. His interaction with my father would be very informal. Despite his busy schedule, he would sit over a cup of coffee and discuss music and specification he wanted for his instrument,\" recalled Ratan.From time to time, Ravi Shankar would call up Hemen Sen and order sitar even for overseas students. In fact, it was Ravi Shakar who had asked Hemen to make a sitar for Beatles lead guitarist George Harrison in 1985. The last work the Sens had done for Ravi Shankar was to repair his sitar before his performance in Nazrul Mancha 10 years ago.\"The instrument was made by Nadu Mallick. Since the maker was no more then, Panditji had asked my father to repair the sitar's broken tumba. My father refused to take a penny for the repair and as a gesture, Panditji sent had a tape recorder to my father,\" said Hemen's younger son Tapan Kumar. Though a tape recorder has become obsolete, the Sens have preserved it as precious memento from the sitar legend.The sitar legend would also get his instrument made by Hiren Roy. But after Roy passed away the shop on Rashbehari Avenue few blocks away from Hemen Sen &amp; Company, has shut shop.\"The passing away of my father in 2010 and then Panditji now has created a huge void. Though me and my brother had assisted our father in making Panditji's instrument, our dream of making the maestro's sitar independently will never come true. Nevertheless we have his blessings and will carry on our family's legacy of making musical instruments,\" said Tapan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596601", "title": "Tasty but a 'limited buffet' at Nom Nom", "text": "The Pan Asian eatery on Juhu-Versova-Link Road is a tasty option but conditions apply.A visit to Nom Nom, Andheri's Pan Asian eatery actually egged me on to look up the meaning of the word buffet because until now I assumed a buffet was a lavish spread of dishes, which included soups, starters, main course and dessert. If that's what you are expecting when you drop by, you will be a tad disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the food will satiate your palate, as it delivers on taste and overall presentation, but what does not add up is why it's called a buffet.FoodTo start with, for Rs 350, plus taxes you are verbally informed that you can choose from veg or non-veg momos (which include chicken or pork). What you get is three momos served on a platter with two sauces. The momos were delicious, you are also verbally informed that you can choose from two of the salads available. Nowhere does a written menu make an appearance. The day we visited the place, there was a papaya salad and an angel pasta salad. We decided to go with the latter, while it was refreshingly light, they could have toned down with the lemon, which was a tad too generous. The khow suey is the star attraction, and enjoys a special place at the buffet table, as the lone ranger, while the others are relegated to the kitchen. This includes the momos, salad and the pan fried chicken noodles or thai red or green curry and rice, which is part of the deal.AmbienceThe interiors are done well. The place is calm and serene, and reminds you of a Thai spa.ServiceThe staff though polite, seemed clueless when quizzed about what was part of the buffet, except for two people. Communication can definitely be a barrier at this eatery, something that the management needs to look into. Also, it's not done that you are not informed that an iced tea is part of your buffet, in fact, if you don't ask for it, you may not even get it, as in our case. Self-service is only applicable to the khow suey, the rest of the dishes have been completely left out and are served at your table. Why you may ask? Not sure, we are guessing it's an experiment to get people to taste what's on offer. However, that can be done in a better way, our suggestion spell things out. To begin with, mention it's a limited buffet, and desserts do not feature on the list, atleast guests won't feel like they are being short-changed.This review was anonymous, and only covers the Wednesday buffet. We paid for the meal, the staff did not know that they were being reviewed.At Nom Nom, Bharat Nagar, Nr Banana Leaf Restaurant, Versova Juhu, Link Road, Andheri (W).melissa.dcosta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17593532", "title": "Constant LPG shortage in Valpoi, Poriem, Sanquelim", "text": "KERI: If the recent 'know your customer' drive by petroleum companies left the aam admi across the country reeling under confusion and worry, for residents of Valpoi, Poriem and Sanquelim in Goa, getting a LPG cylinder is a constant hardship, with or without a drive.For starters, though the customer base for Valpoi, Poriem and Sanquelim has increased today to around 18,000 from 13,663 in 2005, the distributor for Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL) in Sanquelim claims he receives a shortfall of cylinders of approximately 18 loads every month. One load has around 300 cylinders.Dilipbhai, in-charge of the agency, Damodar Mangalji Co Ltd, told TOI, \"I have brought the shortfall to the notice of officials of HPCL at Kundaim several times. Since 2007, we have been sending letters asking for them to increase the load.\"He claimed that in 2010, though 13,430 gas cylinders were the requirement of the area, HPCL supplied only 8,400, causing a shortfall of 5,030 cylinders.HPCL regional manager A Jacob Brizen, when contacted said, \"I will talk to the dealer in Sanquelim and will try to solve the problem. As soon as we receive any intimation, we take immediate steps to ensure smooth delivery of gas cylinders.\"The shortfall aside, the petroleum ministry on August 17, 2009, announced a subsidy, aside from the regular one, on LPG cylinders to areas notified as rural and hilly. But customers from Valpoi, Poriem and Sanquelim have yet to receive this benefit.Chandravati Avakhale of Sanquelim said, \"We pay Rs 425 for a gas cylinder delivered at home in Sanquelim, but in Pissurlem, the cylinder is delivered at 440.\"Sanjay Morajkar, an LPG dealer from Sanguem, a similarly interior taluka, but in South Goa, said, \"We supply cylinders at 412.50 each, since our area is both, hilly and rural.\"HPCL area manager at Kundaim, Arvind Singh told TOI, \"Yes, there is a subsidy on gas cylinders given to areas notified as rural and hilly. The Goa government has to notify Valpoi, Poriem and Sanquelim as rural and hilly areas, only then can we extend the subsidy to the customers.\"Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said, \"I will bring this issue to the notice of the chief minister and try to provide the subsidy meant for LPG customers in hilly and rural areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592133", "title": "Govt announces inquiry into Walmart allegations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Wednesday announced an inquiry by a retired judge into reports of Walmart lobbying to enter India, a charge that the global retailer has denied. The probe, promised by the government in the wake of an uproar by the opposition, coincides with the Enforcement Directorate (ED) issuing a notice to the company in connection with its investigations into alleged violations of Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).The ED is looking into allegations of Walmart investing $100 million (around Rs 450 crore) in Cedar Support Services, a Bharti group company, in March 2010 when foreign investment in multi-brand retail was not permitted.In the notice sent last week, the agency sought details of investments and remittances made to Cedar by Walmart and asked the company to furnish all relevant documents, sources in the finance ministry said.When contacted, a Bharti Walmart spokesperson confirmed the notice. \"We have recently received the notice. We will be working to provide the authorities with relevant information,\" the spokesperson said.In a separate statement, the company denied that its disclosures to the US Senate pointed to any improper conduct in India. \"This disclosure has nothing to do with political or governmental contacts with India government officials... Under US law, on a quarterly basis, all companies which meet certain time and expenses thresholds, are required to disclose issues and expenditures spent in connection with contacts with the United States government, including staffing cost, association dues, and payments to consultants,\" it said.The opposition and even some Congress allies such as RJD have been putting pressure on the government to hold back the decision to allow foreign retailers to set up multi-brand stores till the completion of an inquiry into alleged lobbying-related payments, which a news agency report said added up to $25 million over the last five years.Giving in to the demand, parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath announced the probe as soon as Lok Sabha met on Wednesday. \"The government will appoint a retired judge to hold a time-bound inquiry into the media reports regarding Walmart,\" he said.On the issue of investment into Cedar, sources said the ED will take up the \"matter under investigation\". \"Once all relevant documents come to the agency, it will be clear if FEMA violations were committed and responsibility can be fixed,\" an official privy to the probe said.The agency has also sought details of all documents submitted and declarations made by the company before the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). ED started looking into the issue after RBI referred the case to the agency. It has also asked the commerce and industry ministry to furnish it with clearances that were given to the company to route the investment in 2010.The issue was triggered by a complaint from CPI's M P Achuthan who alleged that the US retailer had violated FDI rules by investing in Easyday, Bharti's front-end retail outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17592844", "title": "Murder-accused sarpanch remains elusive", "text": "AMRITSAR: Even after four days, police are yet to trace the whereabouts of sarpanch of Nangal Wanjha Wala village, Amarjit Singh, who, along with 11 accomplices, are allegedly involved in killing 20-year-old Gurpreet Singh alias Gopi.Police have so far arrested two accused in the case. While Sarvan Singh was arrested on Tuesday, Amritpal Singh, another accused, was nabbed on Wednesday. \"We are on the lookout for him and have spread a network of informers to trace the remaining nine accused,\" said deputy superintendent of police, Ajnala, Tilak Raj.Meanwhile, BJP leader and former cabinet minister Luxmi Kanta Chawla visited the house of Gurpreet and offered condolences. Sukhraj Kaur, mother of Gurpreet Singh, told Chawla as to how her son was brutally tortured and forced to drink urine. She demanded immediate arrest of the sarpanch and other accused, responsible for the death of her son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591887", "title": "'Panditji and Baba were great friends'", "text": "PUNE: They shared a warm friendship based on mutual admiration and respect for each other's exceptional talent. So, every time Pandit Bhimsen Joshi invited his friend, Pandit Ravi Shankar, to perform at the prestigious Sawai Gandharva music festival, he came and left the audience spellbound.\"Though Pandit Ravi Shankar was older than Baba (Pandit Bhimsen Joshi) they were great friends . In a way they were contemporaries as the two had shared the dais at several music festivals, especially in the 50s and 60s,\" says Shubhada Mulgund, Pandit Bhimsen Joshi's daughter.\"Panditji (Ravi Shankar) has been associated with the festival since its beginning when it was just a small and informal affair. In those days Baba would invite only great music luminaries to perform. Panditji always came. Even after the festival became a large and prestigious event, he continued to perform on Baba's invitation. In lieu, Panditji would invite my father at his organisation in Kolkata for a vocal recital,\" Shubhada recalls.Shubhada has fond memories of an all-night concert at Stuttgart where the two maestros had Ustad Zakir Hussain for company. \"I was accompanying Baba on tanpura. As Panditji took the dais, he realised he had nobody on tanpura so he asked me. It was one of the most memorable experiences for me... the fact that I was able to see such a great artiste from such close quarters was a heady feeling,\" Shubhada adds.\"In 1992, Panditji had decided to settle down in New Delhi and had bought a house there. He invited all of us. When he used to come to Pune he visited our home. I remember once he had come to Pune to felicitate Pandit Jasraj . But we children were so much in awe of him that we used to just touch his feet and never dared to speak,\" Shubhada recalled adding, \"He was a giant of an artiste and we have suffered a great loss after his death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17596063", "title": "Training for Asha workers today", "text": "MANIPAL: Kasturba Hospital, Manipal and Manipal Haemophilia Society will organize a one-day training programme for Asha workers and Asha mentors to identify persons with bleeding disorders in four districts of Karnataka at the community health centre (CHC), Kota in Udupi district on Thursday.Dr Ramachandra Bairy, district health and family welfare officer, Udupi will inaugurate the programme.Kasturba Hospital, Manipal Haemophilia Society and Manipal University have initiated a project 'IDEEA' (Identification, diagnosis, education and empowerment for action) which is funded by Nova Nordisk Hemophilia Foundation, Switzerland.The project IDEEA aims at identification and diagnosis of all cases of bleeding disorders in the four districts - Udupi, Dakshina Kannada, Chikmagalur and Shimoga.After the training, Asha workers are expected to a do house to house survey to identify persons with bleeding disorders at the earliest stage.All suspected persons with such disorders will be referred to the hospital for further evaluation and treatment at a subsidized cost. About 3,000 Asha workers from neighbouring districts will be trained as part of this project.The authorities plan to cover a population of 56 lakh spread over four districts. Manipal Haemophilia Society is a registered chapter of Haemophilia Foundation of India, New Delhi and is affiliated to the World Federation of Haemophilia, Canada. It functions from Kasturba Hospital here.Manipal Haemophilia Society is involved in identification, diagnozing and providing comprehensive care to persons with haemophilia and von Willebrand disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591762", "title": "Parking restrictions on Karve Rd to stay till December 29", "text": "PUNE: The traffic police have extended the partial no-parking restrictions on Karve Road till December 29 with a few changes.The restrictions were introduced on a trial basis in mid-October between the Karve statue chowk and Swatantrya chowk (ahead of Nal stop). Accordingly, parking was not allowed on the left side of the road leading from Karve statue chowk to Swatantrya chowk from 8 am to 11 am. Similarly, parking was restricted on the left side of the road from Swatantrya chowk to Karve statue chowk from 4 pm to 8 pm.Traffic police officials said that based on the suggestions and objections received from citizens some changes have been introduced which will remain effective till December 29. As per the revised directives, no parking restrictions will be in force on the left side of the road stretch from Karve statue chowk to the bus-stop near Royal Tourist services, and from Paud phata chowk to Sahjeevan chowk between 8 am and 11 am. Similarly, restrictions will be in force on the left side of the road stretch from Sahjeevan chowk to Karanjkar path (Paud phata) from 5 pm to 8 pm.The traffic police have asked citizens to submit their suggestions and objections on the new changes introduced. They can write to deputy commissioner of police (traffic), Sadhu Vaswani Road, Pune-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592255", "title": "Institutions should promote organic seeds: Agro activist", "text": "COIMBATORE: The academic and research institutions in the country should play a proactive role in ensuring the promotion of organic seeds and avoid thrusting genetically-modified seeds on farmers in the country said renowned agriculture activist Dr Vandana Shiva. She was speaking on the sidelines of the international conference on Sustainable Development and Governance: Building Commerce and Communities jointly hosted by Amrita University and Deakin University here on Wednesday.The three-day seminar at the Amrita University campus in Ettimadai has many experts from various sectors addressing the delegates on sustainable development- water, energy and waste management and its impact on agriculture and food production.\"There are institutes like the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University which could play a major role in ensuring that the farmers are not forced to become overtly dependant on genetically-modified seeds,\" said Dr Vandana Shiva.Speaking at an interaction with the media earlier in the day, Dr Vandana Shiva pointed out that water management played a major role in ensuring food sustainability in the agriculture sector.She slammed the use of genetically-modified seeds which when compared to their traditional counterparts requires more water and exerts additional pressure and burden on farmers already drilled in debt and financial crisis. She also mooted the policy makers to opt for decentralised approach when it came to water management and agriculture sustainability issues with giving ample weightage to the priorities of the local farmers.Arunabha Ghose, CEO of Council on Energy, Environment and Water also reiterated the need for the academia should step in to solve the major issues related with optimum usage of ecological resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17590733", "title": "Ahead of series decider, Team India fights rifts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of Thursday's crucial final Test against England in Nagpur that will decide the outcome of the series, Team India was battling perceptions that it was a deeply divided house with certain key players unhappy with MS Dhoni's leadership.Speculation of a widening rift in the team intensified after former selector Mohinder Amarnath questioned Dhoni's place in the Test team on Tuesday and followed that up on Wednesday saying Virat Kohli was his choice for captain during the ODI tri-series in Australia.BCCI sources, however, stoutly denied there was any rift in the side. Sources said the board was upset with Amarnath for his \"irresponsible\" comments at a time when the team is going into the battle with the aim of levelling the series against England.The visitors are 2-1 ahead in the four-Test series.Some players, however, complained about Dhoni's \"individualistic\" style of functioning.A batsman who had recently gone through a lean patch told TOI that the team's morale was low and Dhoni had done little to lift it. The team needed new ideas, he said.Another top batsman accused Dhoni of playing favourites. \"Dhoni's bad form at the moment also seems to be affecting his leadership,\" he said.A source revealed the team meeting before the third Test at Kolkata did not last for more than five minutes. \"Dhoni did not speak at the meeting and left it to coach Duncan Fletcher to give the boys a pep talk,\" the source said.Meanwhile, speaking in Dhoni's defence, some players admitted that the captain did not speak much with his players but said his leadership qualities were not in doubt.They said Dhoni too had issues with some players. He was unhappy that certain senior cricketers were unavailable due to injuries when India got thrashed in England last year. There is also a feeling that senior players did not take responsibility for the team's bad show in Australia.Dhoni, sources said, had complained to the BCCI about some seniors \"chickening out\" of the series in England feigning injury because they didn't have enough runs and wickets under their belts.\"At the end of the day, the captain is only as good as his team, so why blame him alone,\" one of the junior players in the team said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591250", "title": "New BRTS routes on the anvil", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chopping trees and presence of fewer passengers on the BRTS route between university and the Ellisbridge are being considered as the two main reasons for revising the BRTS route between the two places.For the last two weeks, Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) officials have been brainstorming over the feasibility of the route between Nehrunagar - Gulbai Tekra- Bodyline - NCC headquarters towards Ellisbridge. This route will involve chopping a large number of trees in Law Garden, acquisitions of areas in residential localities and travelling through lesser number of residential areas and few commercial complexes. \"We realized that the route would have been quite problematic especially if one looks at the number of trees that would be chopped, the acquisitions that have to be made and for all this, we get less passengers in the end,\" says a senior official of the AJL.The new route that AJL is pondering over is the route Nehrunagar circle- passport office-Atlanta towers-Panchvati circle-Ravishankar Raval bhavan-CNI church- Ellisbridge. The route is just 75 meters to 100 meters longer than the first route, according to AJL official. \"This route passes through maximum residential societies, commercial complexes, has less junctions to worry about and involves less cutting of trees,\" adds the AJL official.On the issue of cost involved AJL officials said, \"The cost will increase by a few lakhs but it will save a lot of trees and would see larger residential societies having a BRTS pass by their door steps. The plan will be revised once the AJL board approves the new route in principal.\"When asked whether the JNNURM committee will object to the revised plan if approved, the AJL official said, \"There is no question about the plan being not approved as it involves just a small extension of 75 meters. The plan outlay stands or the corridor.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592809", "title": "Bombay Development Directorate chawls to go off latest heritage list", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said Mumbai's over century-old Bombay Development Directorate (BDD) chawls will be struck off the latest heritage list. Other vital cessed buildings or landmarks will also be spared the heritage tag as the state government plans to facilitate their redevelopment. The decision comes as a major relief for thousands living in old and dilapidated structures needing urgent repairs.Chavan told the legislative council that though the chawls have been included in the list by the corporation and heritage committee, it will be ensured that final list does not include the 207 chawls built by the British in central Mumbai. Of the total, 19 chawls are on Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) land, while the others are in Naigaum, Lower Parel and Sewri.Minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir informed the council that the government was committed to redeveloping the chawls and had even prepared a proposal. The project file, however, got destroyed in the fire at Mantralaya on June 21. \"The government is committed to the cause of the people living in these chawls, which are in urgent need of repair. Unfortunately, the project file got destroyed in the fire and we lost crucial time. It will take another one month to repair and retrieve this file. Once that is done, we will bring a fresh proposal before the cabinet for approval,\" said Ahir.The issue was raised by Prakash Binsale (Nationalist Congress Party), who expressed concern over the slow pace of redevelopment. Ahir's reply did not satisfy the Opposition, warranting an intervention from the chief minister. Chavan informed the upper house that chawls have been included in grade III of the list and it will require a discussion with the BMC and the port trust for exclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17592742", "title": "Baby boy through cesarean on unique day", "text": "ROHTAK: Navita and her husband Deepak Kumar, residents of Rohtak, were on cloud nine exactly at 12.12 pm on December 12, which read the time and date as 12.12 on 12.12.12, when they were blessed with a baby boy.The couple had planned to have the baby on the designated time and day and Navita underwent cesarean operation for delivery to fulfill their wish on Wednesday. \"I am happy to give birth to my child on such a memorable time and day. It's a gift to him which he would remember forever as this coincidence of same numbers of time, day, month and year would come a long time\", said Navita.Dr Ramesh Nandal informed that the expectant women and their families who have delivery time around this day had been eager to have delivery of baby on December 12.\"Though, normally, 5-6 deliveries are performed in my clinic , on Wednesday we had 13 deliveries so far and 4 more are awaiting,\" Dr Nandal said. He admitted that many of the pregnant women who delivered baby on Wednesday are willing to give birth due to the craze of 12/12/12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17595784", "title": "Agni-I hits target on 12-12-12", "text": "BALASORE: The Indian Army on Wednesday successfully test-fired surface-to-surface Agni-I missile from the Wheeler Island test facility near Bhadrak coast to mark the historic day of 12-12-12.Defence sources said the trainer user trial was conducted around 8.15 am with Agni-I lifting off from a road mobile launcher positioned at the launching complex-IV of the Integrated Test Range (ITR).\"It was a textbook launch of the indigenously developed weapon meeting all parameters set by the army for the user trial. The missile destroyed the target as coordinated,\" stated a defence release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591795", "title": "Sealing drive may hit cell phone services across city", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing sealing drive against illegal cellular towers may hit mobile phone services in the city. North Delhi areas may be especially affected as the North Delhi Municipal Corporation plans to seal 124 of the 650 illegal cell towers in its jurisdiction by Friday.The North corporation has sent sealing notices to tower operators, and commissioner PK Gupta has directed all zonal deputy commissioners to complete the first phase of sealing by Friday. Gupta said action will be taken against other towers from next week.In south Delhi, three towers in Sangam Vihar were sealed on Tuesday while in Mehrauli, Chhatarpur and Najafgarh, four cellphone towers will be sealed by Thursday, said an official. In east Delhi, three towers were sealed on Tuesday.Although tower operators have the option to get authorization by paying a penalty of Rs 5 lakh, corporators say the high fee is not in people's interest. \"Sealing of the towers will directly affect residents. A month's time should be given to the operators to get their towers regularized. So many towers could have come up only with the connivance of corporation officials. Asking the operators to continue after paying a fine will earn revenue also,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman of East Delhi Municipal Corporation's standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593424", "title": "Section 66-A of IT Act has Hyderabad cops in knots", "text": "HYDERABAD: After the nationwide outcry over the arrest of two college students for their posts on a social networking site decrying the Mumbai shutdown after the death of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray and the Centre issuing fresh guidelines on implementation of Section 66 (A) of the Information Technology (IT) Act, confusion prevails over imposition of the controversial section.The Hyderabad Police's cyber wing officers have voluntarily restrained themselves from registering cases under section 66 (A), which earlier used to be just a formality while registering a case of cyber crime. Hyderabad police sources said after the controversies over questioning a 19-year-old youth by police in Palghar over an alleged Facebook post against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray and arrest of the two girls for criticising bandh-like situation in Mumbai after Thackeray' death, cases were being registered only under sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and not under 66(A) of the IT Act.\"We are waiting for some clarity on the issue. Hence, only sections under IPC are being applied while registering cases,\" an official with the Cyber Cell in Central Crime Station told TOI.Most cyber crime cases in the city are dealt with by the CCS investigators. The number of cyber crime cases registered across the state is consistently rising and, women, mostly students, are victims. Majority of the cases are either misuse of social networking sites or sending objectionable emails or SMSs.The city police also added that section 66 (A) was not only vague but could be misused by conveniently interpreting it. A few days ago, the Union government said that rules under section 66 (A) were modified by giving specific guidelines, which empowers a deputy commissioner of police or higher-ups to take a decision on registering a case under the section and not a station house officer (SHO).The Crime Investigation Department which deals with most cyber crime cases in the state, however, continues to register cases under the controversial section. Kalpana Naik, SP (CID), said that they were yet to receive any official communication about the revised guidelines and hence the earlier practice continues. Meanwhile, the Cyberabad police said SHOs were keeping their higher-ups informed before registering cases under section 66 (A) of the IT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17593453", "title": "Rupee could hit 60 to a dollar, says Infosys honcho", "text": "BANGALORE: V Balakrishnan, head of BPO and India business at Infosys , said the probability of the rupee touching 60 to a dollar was very high. \"The rupee will stay volatile against the dollar for some time. It's very difficult to take a long-term view on the currency. In the next two quarters, we hope to get some clarity on the rupee's movement,\" he said on the sidelines of CII Karnataka's Annual CFO Conference 2012 in Bangalore on Wednesday.The rupee has seen wild swings in recent months. Currency volatility impacts IT companies' quarter on quarter revenue growth, because their contracts are drawn in dollars. It also impacts their ability to plan ahead.Suresh Senapaty, CFO of Wipro , also said the currency volatility would persist in the short-term . \"Companies can only minimize the impact with an effective hedging policy,\" he said.Balakrishnan said India had to make efforts to narrow its trade deficit, without which its growth story would be impacted. \"Any country that runs a big trade deficit for a long time, you can't see the currency appreciating in anyway. That's the problem for India,\" he said. Balakrishnan said the business environment for the IT sector post September had become challenging as the US economy was staring at a fiscal cliff. \"If they (US) don't resolve the fiscal cliff by December end, it will suck out $600 billion from the economy, which means growth will be negatively impacted by close to 3% next year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592236", "title": "Amavasya dampens craze for 12.12.12", "text": "NAGPUR: Parents-to-be may be rushing to the doctor's clinic so that their babies are born on the very special date 12.12.12. However, the date has not found favour when it comes to tying the knot, with very few weddings on this date in the city.This may be partly due to the fact that the traditional Indian still looks up the position of the stars rather than the date on the calender to plan out the big fat Indian wedding.\"Dates like 12-12-12 are in accordance with the Gregorian calendar and have no relation to Vedic sciences. Modern day sciences like numerology have pushed these concepts. In India, wedding dates are as per tithi and mahurat. On Wednesday, 12-12-12, it is Kartik Krishna Chaturdashi and Amavasya begins at 5.46 in the evening. Any tithi which is approaching amavasya is not considered good as per our scriptures. This makes 12-12-12 not a very good day for marriages,\" said astrologer Kapil Chandrayan.High profile wedding decorator Mohammed Zaheer says there is no rush of people to get married on this seemingly special day. City hotels too say not many have contacted them for organizing any marriage-related functions.However, gynaecologists in the city have reported a rush of parents wishing to welcome their bundles of joy on the triple date.Explaining this phenomenon, Chandrayan says, \"In terms of child birth, 12-12-12 is a psychologically appealing date. Good or bad would vary according to the exact time of birth and the planetary position at the moment. The over enthusiastic parents should understand that we cannot change destines by churning dates and mahurats. The best course is to follow nature and the doctor, who in this case takes up the role of a guru.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592233", "title": "Tiff between officials, staffers halts work at Dhantoli zone", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major setback for civic services and administration, engineers and staffers of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Dhantoli Zone demanded mass transfer or the shunting of their chief on Wednesday. The engineers and staffers walked out of the office and staged a pen down strike against their head, hampering all work.Interestingly, none of the top NMC officials reached the zone office to take stock of situation or settle the issue. Office bearers and corporators stepped in to calm the agitating engineers and staffers. In fact, the top NMC officials were unaware of the situation till evening.Dhantoli officials and staffers said the controversy started over attendance. Zone head and assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney arrived in office at 10am and went through the attendance register of engineers and staffers. Moroney marked late attendance for those who had not reached the office.Revenue inspector GD Upasani went to Moroney along with the attendance muster and asked the reason for being marked late. Upasani explained that they work till late in the evening, sometimes even up to 8pm, and whether it was necessary to be strict in marking attendance. Moroney replied he was following directives of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on attendance, and taking similar action as at the NMC head office. Upasani then reportedly slammed the muster on Moroney's table, leading to Moroney shouting at him for his behaviour.Moroney told TOI that Upasani then went and gathered the staffers. \"Engineers and staffers walked out of the office and staged pen down strike. I requested them to come inside and discuss if they had a problem. Meanwhile, union leaders from head office reached and joined the agitation,\" he said.He added that the necessary remark was made on those who came late and were from various departments. \"Actually, Upasani seems anguished by the show cause notice issued to him and a couple of other staffers for less recovery of property tax and huge arrears,\" Moroney said.Upasani, however, said all engineers and staffers at the zone were unhappy with the behaviour and strict rules followed by Moroney. \"I have been assigned the workload of four persons. There is no technical assistant under me. Still we are ensuring good recovery and performance. But Moroney is asking to carry on work according to his agenda and not thinking about our workload. Moroney's way of talking is also not proper. We have decided not to work under him. Either he should be transferred or us,\" he said.In the evening, Moroney narrated the entire issue to top officials. The engineers and staffers also submitted their demands to top officials. But there seems to be much more behind the controversy.Moroney was transferred to the zone last month. If sources are to be believed, the administration is shocked by the revenue collection scam in the zone. \"Moroney asked for details of property tax arrears with taxpayers' names. Moroney wanted to check whether revenue from property tax was proper or not. Besides, he wanted to increase revenue by giving targets. This irked some staffers, who brought union activists and fuelled the issue,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593820", "title": "More tests to determine nature of gashes on infant: Cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Wednesday asked parents of a 24-day-old baby boy to be admitted to the state-run Niloufer Hospital to determine whether the deep gashes the child suffered after birth was a result of an animal attack or due to a rare disease.According to Charminar inspector Mohan Kumar, a team led by a SI met doctors and questioned them on the possible cause of gashes on the infant's body. He said that after discussions with the hospital superintendent, it was decided to keep the boy under observation after which tests would be run so as to identify the nature of the gashes.\"We have asked doctors for their opinion. They will conduct an inquiry after which we will have more clarity on the issue . Superintendent Dr Ranganath told us that this will take some time,\" said Mohan Kumar . Mamatha and Veeresh of Suraram village in said although their child was delivered on November 18 they saw him for the second time only on Tuesday when they noticed injury marks all over his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592460", "title": "Punjab to hike stamp duty by 1%", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Building a house in Punjab got a little costlier on Wednesday, when the Cabinet gave the go-ahead for a bill to enhance the stamp duty by adding 1% \"social infrastructure cess\" at the time of registration of sale deed. If accepted, the move will hike the stamp duty from 6% in rural and 8% in urban areas to 7% and 9% respectively.The state government had hiked the collector rates in April this year, despite a slowdown in the real estate sector. In the first five months of this financial year, there was a 15% decline in receipts as compared to collections during the same period in the previous fiscal year. From April 2011 to August 2011, net earning from stamp duty and registration fee was Rs 1,373.68 crores, while it was Rs 1,168.57 crores for the same five months this year. The dip was contrary to the expectations of state government, which had projected a 20% increase in stamp duty for the current year.Satish Goyal, a member of the Punjab chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India, claimed, \"This move is really discouraging, especially at this time when the market is already slow, and will result into lesser transactions.\"Senior officials in the revenue department said that despite protests from property dealers and real estate developers the nod has been given as the move is expected to mop up over Rs 450 crores annually.The bill for enhancement of stamp duty, which was cleared by the Cabinet, is expected to get the assembly approval, since the SAD-BJP alliance enjoys a clear majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591846", "title": "Bulk drug-making hubs under health ministry's lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, all bulk drug-manufacturing hubs of India are under the Union health ministry's scanner.India has rolled out one of its largest ever investigations to check the quality of medicines being manufactured across the country at the behest of the ministry.The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) has instructed the state drug controllers to direct the drug inspectors (DIs) to collect random samples not from drug stores as was done earlier but also from manufacturing hubs and send them for testing.The study is likely to be completed within six to nine months.In a letter to all drug testing laboratories of the CDSCO and all DIs, Drug Controller General of India (DGCI), Dr G N Singh, has said \"you are hereby directed to make arrangement along with the drug inspectors under your zone for drawing of samples from manufacturing sites and send them to the central drug testing laboratories for prompt testing.\"The letter also asks directors of the drug testing labs of CDSCO to make \"all arrangements for getting these samples tested on priority basis and if required, they make work for extra hours to complete the testing of the samples drawn under the special drive.\"Dr Singh said, \"We aren't picking up samples from chemists but from bulk drug manufacturing hubs across the country so that we catch fake drugs at its source.\"He added that the decision to pick up samples from various manufacturing hubs/clusters/locations was taken in a meeting with the Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on December 4.India has more than 10,000 drug manufacturers and in excess of six lakh outlets that sell drugs.A study had been conducted earlier which identified 61 popular drug brands from nine therapeutic categories that were tested. They include anti-tuberculosis medications, anti-allergic medicines, drugs to counter diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, anti-infective steroids, anti-malarial, NSAID, anti-histaminic and multi-vitamin preparations.The health ministry's estimate of fake drugs in India is highly conservative. It says 5% of drugs in India are counterfeit, while 0.3% is spurious.One of the major reasons hampering sniffing out fake drugs is the lack of enough DIs.India's abysmally low numbers of central DI has finally received a boost from the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), which has sanctioned an additional 100 Dis.So as against existing 69 DIs for India's Rs 60,000 crore pharmaceutical market, the CDSCO in the next few months will have additional central drug inspectors (CDIs). Dr Singh said the job of the CDI would be crucial.\"Clearing new drugs, checking vaccine quality, cosmetic regulations, imports, biological procedures and new rules and regulations comes under the jurisdiction of the CDI. Hence it is a vital role,\" DGCI said.Singh said, India should ideally have 3,200 drug inspectors (in states and at the Centre) but has just 1,200 which is severely hampering the country's fight to sniff out fake drugs.\"The nation requires 3,200 DIs for its six lakh chemists and the fresh target is to have one DI for 50 manufacturing units and one DI for 200 sale units. One third of the DIs required are in place while two third posts are yet to be filled,\" Dr Singh said.Ministry officials said the government is planning to increase the number of inspectors to about 1,000 in five years.A vision paper prepared by the CDSCO, quantifying how much money is needed under the 12th five year plan that starts fro 2012, says India would require Rs 3,256 crore to strengthen its drug regulatory system.This includes cost to upgrade state labs, improving manpower by 2,500, creation of additional labs, mobile drug testing laboratories and the CDSCO's pharmaco-vigilance programme.An expert committee under the chairmanship of Dr R A Mashelkar, former director general of CSIR, recommended that the requirement of appropriate staff could be considered as one inspector for 50 manufacturing units and one inspector for 200 sales units.Azad had said, \"spurious drugs not only affect the citizens' health but also the prestige of the country's pharmaceutical trade interests.\"The ministry had earlier formulated a whistleblower policy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to handsomely reward both public and officers who help seize spurious, adulterated and misbranded drugs, cosmetics and medical devices. The policy stipulated a reward of maximum of 20% of the total cost of consignments seized as payable to the informer that won't exceed Rs 25 lakh for a case. However, the policy fell flat.The World Health Organization (WHO) says that counterfeit drugs proliferate because the profits are huge and the risks are low. Studies estimate fake medicines bring in up to $80 billion a year, but penalties for getting caught are relatively modest.WHO's latest estimates show more than 30% of the medicines sold in south-east Asia are counterfeit. In emerging economies, WHO puts that figure at 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591469", "title": "No probe yet on Italian bribery slur on VVIP choppers' deal: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday said the government was yet to start a formal investigation into allegations of bribery in the deal for VVIP helicopters signed with the British firm AgustaWestland in 2010.\"In the absence of any specific information, government has not started any formal probe in this regard by Indian agencies,\" Antony told Parliament.\"It has come to the notice of ministry of defence through several reports, both in Indian and foreign media, that Italian prosecutors had begun a probe into alleged unethical dealings by M/s Finmeccanica, Italy, the parent company of M/s Agusta Westland, UK with whom contract for procurement of 12 AW-101 VVIP/VIP helicopters has been signed and the probe has been widened to include the ibid contract,\" he said.In 2010, the government signed a 560-million euro contract with AgustaWestland for the purchase of the 12 helicopters for flying President, PM and other VVIPs. During the course of investigations in recent months in Italy, it has emerged that there may have been kickbacks in the deal. However, no credible evidence has emerged other than some conversations hinting at the possibility.Antony said the ministry of external affairs has taken up the matter with the governments of Italy and Britain to get more details. \"However, in the absence of any specific information, the government has not started any formal probe in this regard by Indian agencies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17592766", "title": "Mass copying: SGPC cracks whip on erring faculty", "text": "JALANDHAR: Cracking the whip on Sant Dalip Singh Memorial College, Domeli and its staff over facilitating mass copying in April 2012 , the SGPC has sent the college principal on forced leave while two teachers have been placed under suspension and three have been dismissed from service for their dubious role in the copying scandal.The Guru Nanak Dev University had also barred 73 of the 75 students of BA first year of the college for two years in the mass copying case.SGPC has taken action on the basis of the decision by the university which held the teachers and principal also guilty for mass copying. Around two months back, GNDU had barred the college principal and five lecturers from any special duties or honorarium given by the university. The case had caused a considerable damage to the image of SGPC-run institutions.SGPC secretary (education) Tarlochan Singh confirmed to TOI on Wednesday that college principal Dr Kirpal Kaur had been sent on forced leave. Also, two lecturers, who were permanent employees of another SGPC-run college, Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Daroli Kalan and were on examination duty, had been placed under suspension, he said. Three ad-hoc lectures of Domeli College have been dismissed from service. Apart from the principal, three lecturers who have faced action are also women.The university had taken the decision after granting a chance to the students to challenge the case of mass copying and then a special examination was also held for them in which all the 73 cut a sorry figure.Mass copying was detected by the university in the paper of English General subject at the exam centre in the college in April 2012. A total of 75 students had appeared in the exam at the centre. The mass copying scandal was detected after a vigilant examiner found that 25 papers had similar text and even same mistakes which reflected that copying was done from the same paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592054", "title": "Hope hurdle for organ donation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lack of awareness about the consequences of brain death \u00e2\u20ac\u201d irreversible loss of brain functions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is the main reason for India's poor record in organ donation. While in countries like the US and Britain, 40% families agree to donate the organs of a patient declared brain dead, the rate of such donations is less than 2% in India, say experts. Most families think their loved ones have a chance to recover till the heart is working, or are held back by religious beliefs.\"We get about 120 patients annually who are either brought in a brain dead condition or develop the condition as a consequence of severe head injury. Despite counselling, only two to three families agree to donate the patient's organs. Most of them won't even hear of the possibility or cite religious beliefs for declining the plea,\" said Dr Deepak Agrawal, senior neurosurgeon at AIIMS Trauma Centre. He added that a living donor can donate only a kidney, a portion of pancreas and liver to his or her immediate blood relative but an individual declared brain dead \u00e2\u20ac\u201d most of them are road accident victims \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who is otherwise healthy, can help 34 persons.\"A patient can be declared brain dead only by a team of four experts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d treating physician, in charge of the hospital, a neurosurgeon or neurologist and any other physician empanelled by the director general of health services. After that the family has to give consent, following which harvesting of organs and transplants can be carried out,\" said Dr Aarti Vij, chief of the Organ Retrieval and Banking Organisation (ORBO) run by AIIMS.\"We need to change people's mindset and show them why organ donation must be done. Anmol, the 21-year-old boy whose family decided to donate all organs, should serve as an example,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of trauma centre. In major city hospitals, over 500 patients are waiting for a donor for life-saving transplant procedure to be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592607", "title": "Fog disrupts flights for 2nd day", "text": "PATNA: For the second consecutive day, not even a single flight could land or take off from the city's Jaiprakash Narayan International Airport before 2.30pm on Wednesday due to heavy fog.Indigo's morning flight landed at 2.30pm while Jet Airways's Delhi-Patna flight was cancelled. All the 12 flights operating from the Patna airport were delayed, and they included a few morning flights which were delayed by five hours.\"Visibility at the airport was as low as 500m in the morning. It improved to 800m around 1.30pm and 1,600m around 4pm. Later it again dipped to 1,500m,\" said the weatherman.The airport throughout the day was chock-a-block with flyers, including children, helplessly waiting for their flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17593682", "title": "Construction of cultural centre nears completion", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The construction work of the Anakulam cultural centre is in its final stages and the corporation. The civic body is planning to open the centre during its one-year-old golden jubilee celebration period.\"The construction of the entrance gate `Padippura' and tiling of the courtyard to park vehicles will be carried out in the coming days,'' said Joseph Paul, corporation engineer.He said that the construction work is almost complete. \"The construction of the building is based on the Kerala style of architecture. It will take another six months to complete the entire work as we received Rs 65 lakh from the planning fund only last week for the development of the centre,\" he said.Situated on 56 cents of land at Anakulam, the work for the centre was taken up during the tenure of former mayor M Bhaskaran and the construction work was started in 2008.The three-storeyed cultural centre will have two halls for drama rehearsals, two halls to practice general art forms, conference hall and a library. It will also have two traditional temple theatres-- 'koothupuras' to perform arts. The centre will also have an amphitheatre with a capacity to accommodate 350 people on the third floor of the cultural centre. This can be used to stage programmes and interactive sessions. There will be two VIP-rooms, a bathroom and a toilet facility at the centre.A hall in the cultural centre will be converted into a dormitory to allow the artists to take rest and stay after the performance. Outdoor dining hall and cafe area will also be there in the centre. The centre is being built with an estimated cost of Rs 4 crore. With the construction of cultural centre, the civic body is also planning a memorial on the names of late artists from the district. The centre will be a platform for artists to come together and stage their performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17592579", "title": "1st edition of Constitution sold for Rs 35 lakhs", "text": "LONDON: A copy of a first edition of the Indian Constitution signed by the first president of India Rajendra Prasad was auctioned by Sotheby's in London on Wednesday for nearly \u00c2\u00a340,000. It was bought by a private collector and would by today's exchange rate go for about 35 lakhs.A spokesman for the auctioneer would not reveal the name of the seller. \"He has asked to remain anonymous,\" he said. The asking price for the item was \u00c2\u00a35,000. In the event, it went for eight times this expectation.The 1950 limited edition publication in English and Devnagari and printed on stiff Whatman paper is not only authenticated by Prasad's signature, but also signed by Jawahar Lal Nehru, the then prime minister of India. It has a gilt stamp of the state emblem of India on the upper cover and gilt lettering on the spine.The binding is lightly-rubbed, there is a crease on the upper cover, not to mention some insect damage. But it is the genuine article.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595949", "title": "Cong MLA suspended from House", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Congress legislator Santosh Singh Saluja was suspended from the state assembly for seven days for making an objectionable remark against Speaker Pradip Amat on Wednesday. After Saluja refused to apologise, government chief whip Pravat Tripathy moved a motion seeking the former's suspension. It was passed by voice vote. \"Saluja's remark amounted to show of disrespect to the chair,\" Tripathy said.Criticizing the suspension, leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh said Saluja should have been given a hearing in the House before being suspended. Congress whip Prasad Harichandan said the motion was moved when his party members were not in the House. \"We had walked out of the House dissatisfied with the food supplies and consumer welfare minister's reply to a debate and the government moved the motion to suspend Saluja,\" Harichandan pointed out, slamming the ruling BJD's approach.Parliamentary affairs minister Kalpataru Das described Saluja's words as \"sad\" and \"unfortunate\". \"Both opposition and treasury benches condemned his remark and we hope he would apologise for the same. But when he did not there was no option but to suspend him,\" Das said.Kantabanji MLA Saluja made the remark over Amat's impartiality after the latter allowed government deputy chief whip Sanjay Dasburma to raise his point during zero hour ahead of any member from the opposition.Congress members objected to the Speaker for giving the first chance to a treasury bench member in contravention of House traditions and practices. BJD lawmakers, however, defended Amat's decision, leading to Saluja using certain words, which several MLAs felt were derogatory.Though some treasury and Opposition MLAs deplored Saluja's version and sought an apology from him, the Congress lawmaker refused to withdraw his remark insisting that he had not said anything wrong.During the interval for lunch, Saluja repeated his allegation against Amat before the media and said he got angry and made the statement in the House after the Speaker did not allow him to raise issues concerning the poor people of Balangir district whom he represents.Post-suspension, Saluja told journalists he did not regret making the remark and alleged, \"The Speaker does not believe in democracy.\" Amat was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593727", "title": "Consumer to get compensation for delay in power supply", "text": "NASHIK: The Consumers Grievances Redressal Forum (CGRF) Nashik has partially heard the prayers of a consumer and ordered the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to compensate him for the delay of 87 weeks in providing power connection with respect to Standard Operating Procedure (SOP).\"Considering the case filed by petitioner Vijay Nathe, a farmer from Chandori in Niphad tehsil who had applied for a power connection, it was mandatory on the part of the service provider to give the power connection within 30 days. Since the company failed in providing the same, it will compensate the customer for the delay of 87 weeks,\" CGRF said in its order.Nathe who had earlier filed a complaint with the Internal Grievances Redressal Cell ( IGRC) failed to get any justice, as a result of which, he pleaded with CGRF, which then looked into his case on September 9.Nathe had applied for the connection on May 4, 2009. He repeated visited the MSEDCL office to enquire about the connection but to no avail. He then appealed to CGRF to look into the matter. He complained that the company had delayed in providing him the power connection which affected his agricultural produce adversely and hence he demanded compensation on various fronts, including loss of production, expenses incurred in filing cases and mental harassment.The power company, however, countered the claim saying the connection was sanctioned on November 29, 2010, subject to availability of equipment. Meanwhile, the farmer was also informed about the inability on the part of MSEDCL to provide him a connection. Finally, the connection was released on May 23 this year, shortly after the farmer presented the test report to the company. The CGRF in its ruling, however, claimed that the company had faltered terribly on the deadline issues and hence the consumer was liable to get the compensation to a maximum of 87 weeks with Rs 100 per week as prescribed in the Electricity Act 2003, and Standards of Performance. On the demand of the farmer that the MSEDCL officials be asked to compensate him, the CGRF ruled that the same was in the jurisdiction of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17593873", "title": "Man abuses 5-year-old girl for two years, detained", "text": "BANGALORE: A five-year-old victim of sexual abuse was admitted to a Bangalore hospital by her alleged tormentor who mysteriously disappeared and was later nabbed by police. The girl is suspected to be from a daily wage worker's family and sexually abused by a close relative.The girl is recuperating in a hospital in Banashankari, South Bangalore. She told doctors that she was abused by the man who brought to her to the hospital on Monday.\"The man who brought the girl to the hospital said she was hurt while playing. However, there were bad bruises on the girl's body. Doctors asked the child what had happened. From the girl's narration of events, the doctors learnt that the man was physically and sexually abusing her for two years,\" Meena Jain, chairperson, Child Welfare Committee, said. The doctors found 15 marks on her body that suggested abuse.The man, a resident of Kumaraswamy Layout, is believed to have told hospital officials that he was the girl's uncle. When asked again, he said he had found the girl two years ago and that she was with him since then. He again changed his statement and claimed the girl was his sister.The man allegedly made good his escape after persistent questioning by the hospital authorities. However, Kumaraswamy Layout police late on Wednesday night managed to trace the man and picked him up for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "17596201", "title": "Woman, one-year-old son murdered", "text": "SHRAVASTI: A woman along with her one and half year old son was murdered on Wednesday morning. The police have sent the dead bodies for postmortem and started the investigation.According to the police, the villagers spotted the dead bodies of a woman and her son on Bhinga-Sirsia road and informed the police.The police reached the spot and examined the dead bodies. The woman's neck was slit and her son was strangulated to death.A knife, liquor bottles and cigarettes were recovered from the spot.The superintendent of police (SP) Vijay Kumar Dixit told that prima facie it seems as if the woman was first raped and then murdered.SP told that the case has been registered against unknown persons and investigation has started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592132", "title": "Here, learning science is fun", "text": "NAGPUR: It's not always necessary to learn science in a laboratory. For, there are also ways to acquire knowledge about its principles with fun and play-way methods outside the dull environs of a lab. On Wednesday, several children from city were in for a scientific treat of sorts as they practically learnt some of the contents of their courseware using mirrors, skeleton, glasses, thermocol and many other simple materials.The occasion was the 15{+t}{+h} edition of the Apoorva Vigyan Mela organized jointly by Nagpur Municipal Corporation and Association for Research and Training in Basic Science Education (ARTBSE). Mayor Anil Sole, who inaugurated the exhibition, spoke about the various benefits of learning science through practical experiences. Around 250 students from 40 NMC schools have kept different models on display at the exhibition that started on Wednesday and will continue till Sunday.\"We have specially designed the models to promote scientific learning through low-cost experiments with household materials that can also be used as teaching aids. We also trained kids to demonstrate the exhibits a couple of days before the event,\" said secretary of ARTBSE Suresh Agrawal. The experiments are based on maths, physics and chemistry from syllabi of std VII to X, he added.\"Earlier, we thought that these sort of teaching aids were only needed by students from lower socio-economic groups. However, lately, many schools with students who come from affluent families have been also approaching us,\" he said.Some of the exhibits that attracted students' attention included a skeleton, goat lungs and a perfect balancing act by a boy. Mathematical formulae that were explained with square-shaped glasses were also a favourite among students.\"Such learning techniques enable students to understand principles on which these experiments are based in a better way. I wish there were more opportunities for us to teach kids using such methods,\" said Rashmi Bhide, a teacher from a NMC school in Dattatray Nagar. Five teams of students from her school are presenting some experiments at the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591297", "title": "Ahmedabad cop 'singham' of cyber space", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A police inspector with the city crime branch made the city and state police proud on Tuesday. Kiran Patel, the inspector with crime branch's cyber cell, was among the three recipients of India Cyber Cop of the Year for 2012 award by Data Security Council of India (DSCI), an initiative of NASSCOM .The award ceremony held at Mumbai was attended by police and information technology fraternity. It is for the first time that a police officer from Gujarat has been awarded for his work in cyber crime.Patel, who is associated with a number of online crime cases, was awarded for his September 2011 detection, wherein he tracked down a 22-year-old youth Monu Ojha from Patan who had sent a threat mail to Delhi police after a blast outside Delhi high court. Ohja had sent a mail to Delhi police's official id and signed it as Ali Saed El Hoorie, a US fugitive and member of terror outfit, Hezbollah, sending the national agencies on a wild goose chase.The mail mentioned Ahmedabad as a potential target due to which the city crime branch got involved. The case is considered important as the crime branch cracked it before National Investigating Agency ( NIA), which was also probing the case.Himanshu Shukla, deputy commissioner of police (crime), told TOI that the award is a major achievement for the cyber cell that had been constituted just three years back. \"We are proud of Kiran Patel's feat that establishes our expertise to crack complex cyber cases. We hope that we keep up the good work in the future and help citizens in need,\" he said.Along with Patel, B Ravikumar Reddy, a police inspector of CID cyber crime police station of Andhra Pradesh and Dr Triveni Singh, deputy superintendent of police, cyber crime cell, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, were awarded India Cyber Cop of the Year in DSCI Excellence Awards ceremony for 2012.Patel, a police inspector with State Reserve Police (SRP), got associated with the city crime branch in 2008 as a sub-inspector for his penchant for online world and solving cyber crimes. \"My very first cyber crime case was to track down a threat mail sender that Ahmedabad police had received just before a test match at Motera between India and Sri Lanka in 2009. Soon after getting the leads, we sent a team to Jharkhand and managed to track down the accused before the match,\" recounts Patel.Son of soil to cyber sleuthPrashant Dayal | tnnAhmedabad: For Kiran Patel, 36, a native of Vadgam near Palanpur, the journey so far has not been less than a roller coaster ride. Son of a farmer, Patel fell in love with soil and computers in his teen age after class X.Patel attended basic courses of computing before and during the graduation. After that, he worked for a while in Surat. However, dissatisfied with the experience, he appeared in exam for armed police sub-inspector and to his surprise, passed in the first attempt.Patel admits that he was always interested in computers and his interest was identified by IPS officers such as P P Pande, J Mahapatra and Ashish Bhatia. The senior officials supported him for his quest for knowledge due to which he managed to continue his studies while on the job. Patel completed his B Sc in information technology along with other short-term courses, the last being one in computer forensics. He now wants to opt for M Sc (IT).\"After serving in chief minister security squad for a while, I was shifted to the city crime branch after July 2008 serial blasts. I've been fortunate to be attached with the cyber crime cell where we as a team tackled diverse cases including phishing, credit card frauds, threat mails, online stalking and terrorism,\" says Patel.Patel says that it gives him satisfaction that a farmer's son has managed to become one among the few getting the award. \"It also proves that there is no difference when it comes to intellect and hard work of armed or unarmed officers. It's due to constant support from my seniors and colleagues that I've been able to constantly learn the ropes of the ever-developing cyber crime field,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592484", "title": "Shiv Sena isolated in its demand to rename Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena seems to be isolated in its demand to rename Shivaji Park as 'Shiv Teertha'. Not only the Congress-NCP and the Raj Thackeray led MNS are opposing the move, but even Sena's ally for nearly three decades-the BJP does not support the party's stand on renaming the Park.\"The mood among the BJP leaders is that the party should not support any move to rename the iconic Shivaji Park, as it will not go well with the local residents and several people in the state as well,\" said a senior BJP functionary. According to him Mayor of Mumbai,Sunil Prabhu who is from the Sena has been telling the media the proposal will get passed on the strength of the majority of votes in the civic body. \" The Sena should not take its alliance with the BJP for granted since our party was not consulted before the Sena took the decision. Local leaders are against the proposal, but the final call on the issue will be taken by the state BJP leaders in consultation with the national party president Nitin Gadkari ,\" the party functionary added.Recently speaking to media former deputy mayor Dilip Patel of the BJP statement clearly showed that the party was not in sync with the Sena on the issue. Patel had stated that the decision on the renaming issue would be taken by our leaders, who are right now busy campaigning for the Gujarat elections. Patel's statements clearly showed that the BJP is not too keen on the move and that the Sena would have to speak to senior BJP leaders if it wants the party's support on the issue.The Sena which controls the Mumbai civic body is insisting on renaming the Park as 'Shiv Teertha' the nomenclature used by late Balasaheb Thackeray to refer the ground. Last week the Sena has moved a notice of motion to rename the Park and is likely to be discussed on the floor of the civic body.However, according to the sources close to Gadkari, the national BJP president too is against the move to rename the Park which the British rulers in pre-independent India named the madian after Chhatrapati Shivaji.This is not for the first time that the saffron alliance is at loggerheads. In fact, the state BJP has not extended its support to Sena which moved no confidence motion against the ruling Congress-NCP during the ongoing winter session in Nagpur.The Sena-BJP had inked an electoral pact way back in mid 1980s. But in past few years, the saffron alliance has turned fragile over several issues. One of the key issues was Sena supporting UPAs candidate for the Presidential poll, despite being the alliance partner of the NDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17593392", "title": "Pedder Road flyover gets green signal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pedder Road flyover has got environmental clearance from the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), thus crossing perhaps the final hurdle on its way. Keeping in view residents' opposition to the project\u00e2\u20ac\u201dproposed 15 years ago\u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the grounds that it will increase air and noise pollution, the MoEF has asked the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), which will build the Rs 200-crore flyover, to install noise barriers along its alignment during construction.In anticipation of massive traffic congestion at Haji Ali after the Bandra-Worli Sea Link was opened in 2009, the flyover proposal was strongly taken up with the Centre. The 4.2-km bridge is proposed between Lala Lajpatrai College on Annie Besant Road near Haji Ali and Wilson College on Marine Drive.Hundreds of Pedder Road residents, including singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle , had opposed the flyover, though people living in the suburbs have always been in its favour. Veena Singhal of the Pedder Road Residents' Association said, \"I cannot believe the project has been cleared because according to my knowledge it cannot get clearance. We will continue to oppose it and work with the central and state governments to come up with a better alternative. A flyover cannot solve the problem of heavy traffic here.\"In its clearance to the project, the MoEF has written, \"Though the public hearing on the project (conducted about 18 months ago) was disrupted and ended abruptly, the major issues raised by citizens included noise and air pollution. Hence, the state was asked to submit an action plan and follow it to avoid pollution during the flyover's construction and after it.\"The MoEF order goes on to say, \"Thick vegetation cover, wherever required, will be used for the attenuation of noise. Stationary construction equipment will be placed away from habitation. Construction contract specifications should mention use of less noise generating equipment.\"High noise generating construction activities like drilling and compacting should be carried out only during day time in residential areas. Asphalt and hot-mix plants should not be used at site. Dust should be controlled by sprinkling water on the ground. Big solar-powered air purifiers should be mounted on streetlight poles. The construction as well as excavated material should be disposed off during the night, when traffic will be less.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591637", "title": "Tell education officials to stop asking us for seats: Schools to state govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Sending a stern message to many,The Unaided Schools' Forum has written to the principal secretary of education, complaining about the civic body's education inspectors who have allegedly been demanding seats during admissions. The letter was sent a time when many schools are busy with admission to pre-primary admissions for the next academic year.\"Schools put up with these demands for favours from many officials during admissions every year. We finally decided to take this to higher authorities. We conduct admissions with the purpose of giving seats to students who deserve them best and such demands are ruining the process,\" said S C Kedia, honorary secretary, Unaided Schools' Forum.The letter was sent after various schools complained about receiving calls from various officials seeking such \"favours\". during the admission season. \"An education inspector had demanded 10 seats from the principal of a school in the suburbs and had even threatened to file a police complaint against the school if his demands were not met. What kind of education officials are these,\" asked Kedia.The letter names one such inspector, T Shaikh, from K ward, Andheri (W). Shaikh, however, denied putting pressure on any principal to grant admissions. \"Sometimes, we get such demands from politicians and other higher authorities. I just forwarded the demands to the schools but never compelled them to grant the admissions. Schools may or may not choose to give admissions, depending on the availability of seats.\"While most schools are waiting for the state government to issue a directive and an admission schedule to conduct admissions under the Right to Education ( RTE) Act, many have already started the admission procedure. Schools have started filling out the seats under various quotas.With the admissions to pre-primary schools already underway for the next academic year, many schools are already busy with the process.Said the principal of an unaided school,\"We are burdened with work during admissions as thousands of parents apply for a few hundred seats. To make matters worse, parents bring letters signed by ministers and corporators and expect us to cut the queue for them.\"Principal secretary (education) J S Saharia said, \"This is a serious matter. The letter has been forwarded to the concerned department and while we have received various complaints from schools during admissions, this is a serious matter. We'll take necessary action after an inquiry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "brunei", "code": "17596501", "title": "Jeev only Indian in Asian vs Europe clash for Royal Trophy", "text": "BRUNEI: Jeev Milkha Singh will be the lone Indian golfer in the Asian that will take on Europe in the sixth Royal Trophy clash this week.The ace Indian is one of the three Asians to have played the Royal Trophy on earlier occasions and this time he is also on the Championships Committee.The European Team is captained by Ryder Cup Captain Jose Maria Olazabal, the 46-year-old two-time Masters champion and winner of 30 career professional titles, while the Asian Team is captained by Naomichi \"Joe\" Ozaki, 56, winner of 35 professional career titles and two-time Japan Golf Tour Order of Merit champion.Ozaki is captain of the Asian Team for the fifth time, while it is only the second time that Olazabal has taken on the captaincy of the European Team.The two clashed in 2009 during the third edition of The Royal Trophy, which resulted in Asia's only win in the event.The match play competition is a brainchild of the late, five-time Major champion Severiano \"Seve\" Ballesteros, who envisioned The Royal Trophy to push golf in Asia, just as the Ryder Cup did in Europe in the 1980s and 1990s.This year's edition is the first since Ballesteros died last year from cancer.The European team: Jose Maria Olazabal (Captain); Nicolas Colsaerts; Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano; Miguel Angel Jimenez; Edoardo Molinari; Francesco Molinari; Marcel Siem; Henrik Stenson.The Asian Team: Jumbo Ozaki (Captain); Liang Wen-chong; Kiradech Aphibarnrat; Bae Sang-moon; Yoshinori Fujimoto; KT Kim; Jeev Milkha Singh; Wu Ashun; YE Yang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17592962", "title": "Dark moon shadow over baby boom", "text": "KOLKATA: The initial hype over the baby boom died down as the date approached, with the would-be parents realizing that it was a new moon day, which is also known as dark moon and considered inauspicious by Indians.There were hospitals where operation theatres were booked months in advance by doctors, who thought that expecting mothers would eye deliveries on 12.12.12, considering the uniqueness of the date and also the fact that after 2012, such a date sequence won't come in the next century.Doctors are an unhappy lot, as they are being forced to give into the demands of their patients both while booking them in and cancelling the dates. They said that it is a matter of whim, \"that has no scientific basis.\"Officials of the Belle Vue Clinic, Bhagirathi Neotia Woman and Child Care Clinic, Woodlands Hospital and CMRI confirmed the cancellations saying that it happened since the day was termed inauspicious not only because of new moon, but also because several websites have been publicizing the inauspicious nature of the day. \"In our clinic, two OTs were booked a month in advance because doctors said that there would be a baby boom on 12.12.12. We took action accordingly. Gradually, request for cancellations started pouring in and today only five babies were delivered in the hospital, we have delivered only five babies, instead of at least four times that number that we had expected,\" said P Tandon, CEO of Belle Vue.At Bhagirathi Neotia, where OTs were booked in advance and there was even a waiting list, only seven babies were delivered. Doctors were forced to prepone or postpone the earlier bookings for 12.12.12, after patients \"suddenly got convinced that because of the new moon, the day was inauspicious for the babies according to the Indian lunar calendar,\" said a spokesperson of the hospital.Gautam Khastagir, a leading gynaecologist, said that he was initially flooded with requests. \"I thought that it was continuation of a trend that had perhaps started at the turn of the millennium. I, however, insisted that the patient be at least 38 weeks pregnant so that the child is safe. I call this hysteria, but gave in to such requests. However, another superstition has taken better of the earlier one now and there has been a spate of cancellations,\" Khastagir added.As a result, despite the fact that many would be mothers requested their gynaecologists to deliver their babies on 12.12.12, they later requested for a cancellation too! The fact that 95 per cent of the city's babies, born to the urban elite are coming through c-section deliveries, has fanned the trend of choosing delivery dates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17592829", "title": "Another sarpanch booked", "text": "PATIALA: Police on Wednesday booked yet another sarpanch, said to be from the ruling SAD, this time for slapping a government official in Patiala.Police registered a case under sections 353 (assault against public servant), 332 (hurting public servant), 186 (obstructing public servant) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC against Sukhjit Singh, sarpanch of Rathiya village, for allegedly slapping a superintendent of panchayat and rural development department in Sanaur.However, immediately after of incident, when area in-charge of ruling SAD Tejinderpal Sandhu was contacted, he disowned the sarpanch and even said that he belonged to the Congress party. But the sarpanch himself and senior Congress leaders of Patiala said that he was a SAD member and had joined the party before last assembly elections in January.Jaspal Singh, who is posted as superintendent in block development and panchayat office (BDPO) at Sanaur, alleged in his police complaint that he was sitting in his office around 2.30 pm when Sukhjit Singh came and tried to pressurize him to change the ward limits of his village.Jaspal said since he had submitted his final report on ward limits to district development and panchayat officer (DDPO) in the morning, he refused to change limits and asked the sarpanch to come on Thursday morning with the secretary of his village. \"But Sukhjit slapped me twice and abused me. When I raised an alarm after coming out of my office and my other staff came to my support, he fled,\" Jaspal alleged.Jaspal along with his staff submitted a written complaint in Civil Lines police station and demanded strict action against the sarpanch, who has denied all allegations. \"Since Jaspal is the nephew of former Congress minister Lal Singh and I joined SAD sometime back, he is leveling baseless allegations against me. I went to his office and was interacting with a computer operator when the superintendent misbehaved with me and pushed me out of his office. When he first pushed me I also resisted, this is all what happened,\" Sukhjit said.When contacted, Patiala SSP Patiala Gurprit Gill said the sarpanch would be arrested soon. \"Sukhjit has a history of crime. He has already been booked in five criminal cases,\" said the SSP. According to PPCC vice-president and former minister Lal Singh, the sarpanch had shifted his loyalties and joined SAD. \"He was with the Congress party, but joined SAD before the last assembly elections,\" said Lal Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17596020", "title": "Farmers to get satisfactory compensation for STP land: Shivpal", "text": "VARANASI: UP PWD and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav has said the state government is all set to pay satisfactory compensation to farmers for taking their land to establish sewage treatment plants (STP) in order to put a complete check on discharge of sewage in Ganga.Shivpal was in the city to chair the review meeting of PWD and irrigation department on Wednesday. After the meeting, he informed the reporters that establishment of STPs had lingered due to delay in acquisition of required land.He said the land could not be acquired as the farmers were not satisfied with the compensation estimated by the government machinery. He said without establishing STPs, putting a complete check on sewage disposal in Ganga would remain impossible.In view of the same, the government has decided to increase the amount of compensation that would satisfy the farmers, said Shivpal. He further stated that the new STPs would be established with advanced technology in which the requirement of land would reduce.He said the state government has pledged to maintain purity of water and holiness of Ganga. He said the three ghats along Ganga would also be renovated and beautified after the name of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, socialist leaders Ram Manohar Lohia and Rajnarain.Regarding the pathetic condition of roads, he said fresh works would be launched very soon to improve the condition of city roads. He said the pace of such works could remain slow due to cold weather but after February 15, such works would be done with accelerated pace.He assured that the foundation laying ceremony of all the flyovers proposed for improving traffic scene in the city would be organised before the end of 2012.He said engineers of the department concerned have been asked to conduct proper study in the field to ensure that the new flyovers are proving relevant for commuters. Commenting on quota in promotion, he said the party had already cleared its stand on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17595613", "title": "Twin cities see spurt in helmet sales as the deadline gets over", "text": "HUBLI: Helmet outlets are seeing brisk sales of the safety gear, following a drive by the Hubli-Dharwad police to enforce helmet rule in the twin cities since December 10.It's not just the common man, even policemen are buying helmets. For, Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner B A Padmanayan had announced that departmental action will be taken against police personnel who flout rules.Less expensive non-branded helmets are in greater demand as they are available between Rs 200 and Rs 400. \"Many customers want a helmet to escape cops. Hence they prefer cheap ones. The sale of helmets has gone up by 15 to 20 per cent. To attract buyers for quality helmets, we have announced 40 per cent discount,\" said Swapnil Mehta, a dealer.Branded head gear with ISI mark range from Rs 500 to Rs 2,000 depending on the design and quality.\"Since last week, we have been receiving orders for 150 helmets every day from three dealers of Hubli city. Dealers are reluctant to keep stock as they are unsure whether the rule will continue. Demand for non-branded helmet is more in twin cities,\" Vishal Gite, marketing manager, Vegas helmets, told TOI.The police, meanwhile, claim that people are becoming conscious of the importance of wearing helmets, which is for their own safety. N S Patil, ACP, traffic, said there has been a rise in the level of awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17592877", "title": "Govt to launch upgradations in GMC today", "text": "PANAJI: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Wednesday announced a series of upgradations in the Goa medical college (GMC), Bambolim, which will be inaugurated on Thursday.Briefing the media, Parsekar said one of the new initiatives will be the inauguration of a 'cardiac CT', which is a 128-slice ultra modern CT scan machine. Parsekar said it is a special machine which reduces the scan time, gives more and better quality scans. The machine costs 4-crore and has been funded by the central government.The earlier CT scan machine has been shifted to the casualty, which now has a new diagnostic centre. Along with the shifted CT scan machine, a new digital X-ray machine has been added to the casualty. The machine provides digital X-rays which the consultant can view directly on the monitor and there is no need for developing the X-rays on film. The X-ray machine cost 1.5-crore and is funded by the central government, Parsekar told mediapersons.The health minister also said that a dedicated ultrasound machine has now been transferred to the casualty.The GMC now also has a new eight-bedded intensive care unit (ICU) with ventilators shifted from the earlier ICU. The new ICU will get 13 more ventilators within one or two months, while it already has eight ventilators. The cost of the new ICU is Rs 2.5-crore and this has been paid for by the state government, Parsekar said.The GMC will also have from Thursday, a latest technology bio-medical waste disposal machine made in France, bought at a cost of 4.5-crore. The machine does not require that the biomedical waste it handles is segregated. The machine shreds the waste, autoclaves (incinerates) it and reduces the mass to about 20% sterile ash, which can be buried in the soil. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592338", "title": "'Deterrent' law held up in power corridors", "text": "MUMBAI: The Tuesday morning attack on Kandivli housewife Shraddha Langde yet again highlights the need for speedy approval of a pending Bill that recognizes acid and chemical attacks as a separate offence under the Indian Penal code. Stressing the urgent necessity of a strong deterrent, women activists and lawyers point out that even neighbouring Bangladesh and Pakistan have stringent laws to deal with acid assaults.Currently awaiting the Parliament's nod, the Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill 2012 proposes acid attacks as a distinct category under the IPC. A draft of the Bill was circulated by the Union home ministry way back in 2010-two years after the Law Commission suggested a separate provision.The Bill proposes introduction of two new sections-326 A to cover hurt by acid attack and 326 B for attempted acid attack. The punishment for 326 A will be up to life term and for 326 B will be up to 10 years' imprisonment.Lawyer and former director of postal services Abha Singh said a separate cell is required in every police station to deal with crimes against women. \"Mumbai police are short-staffed and overburdened and take such attacks casually. The force needs to be more serious and sensitive,\" she said. \"No girl who has been disfigured in this manner is going to approach a police station easily. That is why, immediate deterrent action and accountability is a must.\"Recalling the case of physiotherapist Aryanka Hosbetkar, who was assaulted by her friend Jeritt John with a chemical, Singh said acid attack is viewed as the easiest way to settle scores with a woman since it can cause permanent disfigurement.\"Our patience levels have lowered and egos have become fragile. Such attacks will spiral out of control unless exemplary punishment is given to attackers. We don't have insufficient laws; their implementation takes ages. By the time a court order comes, the victim has had to live through the ordeal for years,\" continued Singh. \"What we need are faster trials; rejection of out-of-court settlements; and preclusion of buying of witnesses.\"Sonya Gill of the All India Democratic Women's Association said the Bill must be approved at the earliest. \"We need judicial and procedural measures apart from the law to ensure that police take investigations seriously and courts don't delay cases.\" Gill noted that many of those accused of attempt to murder in past acid attack cases are out on bail. \"This is living death for victims,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17592993", "title": "Global folk music fest starts today", "text": "KOLKATA: The fifth 'Kolkata International Music Festival - Folk' on Thursday and Friday at Rabindra Sarobar Open Air will bring together artists from Israel, Australia and Bengal.Organized by Song of Soul (SOS) in association with KMDA and KIT and supported by Israel embassy, KIMF will feature Idan Raichel from Israel, Wantok Sing Sing from Australia and Bengal's Mansoor Fakir, Shubhadra Sharma and Lakhan Das Baul. Apart from musicians, the festival will also bring together guba dancers and exponents of ranpa, lathi khela, puppet shows, raibeshe and dhak and dhol.Idan Raichel, the creator and leader of the project, started his music career by collaborating with artists of different ethnicities and singing in languages like Hebrew, Spanish, Arabic, Amharic and Swahili. The Project mixes African, Latin American, Caribbean and Middle Eastern sounds. The Sing Sing is a musical gathering where tribes and villages share their dance and song in the densely forested highlands of Papua-New Guinea. There will also be installations, display of artefacts and a photo exhibition at the festival.\"Featuring artists from Bengal and abroad, the shows will reveal the incredible diversity of folk music,\" said SOS founder Kaushik Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17593321", "title": "A classicist who broke into the brave new world", "text": "NEW DELHI: Long before fusion became a battered word, Ravi Shankar had already shown the world the power of Indian classical music and its potential to accommodate and collaborate with other forms. By 1967, he had taught Yehudi Menuhin the joys of sitting cross-legged on the floor to play the violin in the Hindustani style and created with him the album, 'West Meets East'. By 1971, Shankar had crafted the incredibly moving Concerto for Sitar and Orchestra, cheerfully exchanging banter with the cello, bongo, flutes and violins.If the diaries of Indian classical musicians are packed today with tours and workshops in even the smallest towns in the West, it has a great deal to do with Ravi Shankar's work in taking the tradition to the West. In 1968, he had generously taken musicians such as Shiv Kumar Sharma, Allah Rakha, Palghat Raghu and Sabri Khan to Europe to perform at what was probably the first big event for Indian music\u00e2\u20ac\u201d' Ravi Shankar's Festival from India' (later to become an album). There were some Vedic chants, some folk music, some core classical stuff, and Europe could not have enough of it.Recalls Sabri Khan: \"We were stunned to find huge audiences across France, Germany and UK for our music. I asked him how did this happen. 'Khan sahib,' he told me. 'Maine bees-bees dollar mein inko apna sangeet suna ke yeh shauq paida kiya hai.' \"The regal Vilayat Khan, Shankar's bete noire for decades, was the essentially elitist musician but Ravi Shankar brought the sitar to the common man. Whether through his music for Hindi and Bengali films or his memorable theme for the Delhi edition of Asiad '82, he made sitar music accessible. \"His music is flamboyant, yet sensitive; it touched all but at the same time remained intellectual,\" says Carnatic vocalist Bombay Jayashri.Ravi Shankar's core classical music was equally groundbreaking. He actually managed to create a Ravi Shankar style of sitar-playing. \"Up until then, there was the unshakable Etawah gharana that monopolised the sitar. Here was this prodigy from a non-musical family and he dared to take on the establishment,\" says musician Kamal Sabri.Interestingly, among the many forms that Ravi Shankar enthusiastically dipped into was Carnatic music. At a time when Carnatic music did not have any celebrity sheen to it, he put together an AIR vadya vrinda with musicians from the south. In that group, making his first big debut was a very young L Subramaniam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591827", "title": "LPG cap: EC unsatisfied with Moily's explanation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) on Wednesday rapped petroleum minister M Veerappa Moily for having violated the model code of conduct with his poll-eve announcement of plans to increase LPG subsidy cap from six to nine cylinders a year. Expressing its strong disapproval of the announcement made on Tuesday - adjudged by the poll watchdog as promise of a financial grant - the EC cautioned Moily to be circumspect in the future.Not satisfied with Moily's explanation on Wednesday that the government was yet to take a decision on the subsidy cap and that he had only reiterated a proposal under active consideration while responding to media queries, the poll panel said his reply had made it clear that the cap was being raised to nine cylinders per household in a year.\"Your statement is tantamount to announcement of financial grant in the form of increased subsidy, and is a clear violation of the letter and spirit of the model code of conduct,\" the EC said in its reply to Moily's clarification received on Wednesday morning. It quoted from Part VII of the poll code, which bars the party in power at the Centre or in the poll-bound state from using its official position for purposes of its election campaign.\"The ministers and other authorities shall not announce any financial grants in any form or promises thereof,\" the EC said adding that Moily's announcement on Tuesday was \"a clear violation both of the letter and spirit of the model code of conduct.\"\"Such a statement does have an impact on the minds of electors in Gujarat where the poll is scheduled on December 13 and 17,\" said the EC.Moily had, at a press interaction here on Tuesday afternoon, announced the government's move to raise the LPG subsidy cap to nine cylinders, leading the EC to seek a clarification from the petroleum minister and direct the move to be \"stopped forthwith\". The panel took strong exception to the announcement, asking the minister why it was announced less than two days before polling for the first phase in Gujarat.Meanwhile, BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu on Wednesday drew the attention of the Rajya Sabha over the government's announcement of its intent to raise the cap on subsidized LPG, saying such a disclosure outside the House amounts to 'privilege' when Parliament was in session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591135", "title": "Form policy to find solution on female feticide, HC tells government", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has asked additional advocate general R P Singh to hold a coordination meeting with chief secretary, DGP, principal secretary (home) and principal secretary (medical and health) to find a complete solution to the problem of female feticide and infanticide as also to the problem of rehabilitation of girl child left unattended on roadsides.The order came on a petition seeking a check on female feticide. The single bench had earlier directed a medical health officer to be transferred, holding him negligent while putting a check on female feticide. The state government moved an application for recall of that order which was being heard on Wednesday.\"We direct R P Singh, the additional advocate general, to hold a meeting of the officials concerned including chief secretary, principal secretary for home and medical health for framing some policy to deal with such types of cases. The AAG is also required to see rehabilitation of the girl child left stranded on roadsides in various parts of the state,\" Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma observed.\"We will concentrate on the rehabilitation and adoption of the girl child as soon as possible. There are certain problems in the adoption procedure of such infant girl children who are being left abandoned by their parents. I will personally look into the actual reasons preventing such newborns to be given away for adoption,\" R P Singh said while talking to TOI.\"We have also been asked to see as to how we can make two wings of police in the state as directed by Supreme Court in one judgment. We are required to form two separate wings - one for investigation and another for law enforcement. For now, both the work are being carried out jointly. This will need a policy decision at the level of the state government and, therefore, the court has directed to hold a meeting to fall in line as required by the Superme Court,\" Singh said. The matter will again be heard on January 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595964", "title": "A very private mehendi ceremony for Vidya Balan", "text": "Actress Vidya Balan, set to wed Siddharth Roy Kapur, opted for a private mehndi ceremony at her Khar residence here Wednesday night. It was attended by her family members, and Vidya's favourite, veteran actress Rekha marked her presence.Vidya wore a yellow sari in typical Bengali style with floral ornaments. She even chose to go simple with her mehdni - rather than the usual full-hand intricate design, Vidya went with round blobs of henna on her palm.The actress had a private family dinner Tuesday night, and is said to be tying the knot with Kapur, managing director - Studios, Disney UTV.A wedding reception will reportedly be held in Chennai Saturday.If grapevine is to be believed, the nuptials will be conducted both in Punjabi and south Indian styles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17593551", "title": "16 children rescued from begging in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police on Wednesday rescued 16 children who were found begging on the streets in Calangute and sent them to protective custody at Apna Ghar in Merces.The children were rescued from areas near Calangute market, church and elsewhere in the village in the presence of NGO representatives. Police said the children were pestering foreign tourists and creating a nuisance. No offence has been registered.Calangute police also started conducting surprise raids on spas and massage parlours to check for illegalities, following allegations that some of them could be involved in prostitution activities. The checks began on Tuesday in the presence of NGOs and panchayat members, Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said.Two spas and parlours were raided on Tuesday but no prostitution activities were detected. They were found to be operating without NOCs from the panchayat and directorate of health services. More raids will be conducted in the coming days, sources said.In a bid to crack down on prostitution activities in Calangute, police have conducted 20 raids since the new government assumed power in March this year and have rescued 42 victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591751", "title": "Programme on slum improvement", "text": "PUNE: A group of social organizations with the support of Yashwantrao Chavan Academy Development Administration will hold a two-day programme on comprehensive improvement of slums' on December 17 and 18.\"The key objective of the program will be to create a multi stake holder platform to solicit information, exchange ideas and share concern on the reach and performance of the development efforts aimed at improving quality of living and working environment for the slum dwellers of the city,\" said Sharad Mahajan, executive director, Mashal, while speaking to reporters on Wednesday.India habitat forum (INHAF), a network of NGOs and Mashal are among the organizations that have organized the programme, which would have discussions on problems and priorities as seen by communities and their leaders, steps being taken to resolve these problems among other issues. TNNThere will also be workshops with specialists from NGOs, academics, media, elected members and officers of local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592028", "title": "Youth murdered over trivial issue", "text": "NAGPUR: A tiff over a trivial issue ended with the murder of a 21-year-old youth employed as waiter at a hotel at Baidyanath Square. The murder took place near the liquor bar at Shatabdi Nagar Square on Kashi Nagar ring road under the jurisdiction of Ajni police station on Tuesday night.Abhilash Kharate alias Sonu, a resident of Rambagh, had gone to a nearby liquor shop owned by one Sindhu Bhagat in partnership with her friend Nitin. On Tuesday, at around 9.30pm, Nitin had called Abhilash to join him for some drinks.After getting high, Kharate, under the influence of alcohol, picked up a quarrel with another customer at the liquor shop. Within minutes, the argument turned violent.To save himself, the other customer called him friends , who reached the spot with weapons. Giving no chance to Kharate, the youths attacked him repeatedly, leading to his death. Police said that Nitin fled the spot.Ajni police are looking for the unidentified murderers.Police sources said Bhagat has many offences registered against her over illicit liquor trade. She is a nuisance in the area and has been running the shop without permission. She has been warned by the cops several times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "17596279", "title": "Nancy joins the '12' race, delivers a dozen pups", "text": "Haibowal: The Haibowal residence of John Bhatti has not one or two but an army of 12 new guests, thanks to her two-year-old rottweiler Nancy, who delivered her babies on Wednesday morning.John, a businessman, had to rush to Nancy's veterinarian Dr Jaspreet Mauj's Sarabha Nagar clinic early morning with her pet when she was about to deliver.Nancy had been crossed with three-year-old Dusty, owned by John's friend Sunny Gill, a Dugri resident. \"Since Dusty is the father of these pups, who are born on 12.12.12, Sunny asked me for one of them,\" said John.\"Earlier, when Nancy was uncomfortable, we got an ultrasound done to check if she needed to be operated. We found that one of her pups was too big to be delivered by operation and medicated her, so that she would deliver on her own,\" said Jaspreet, adding, \"All the pups are fit and healthy.\"The pups sent a wave of excitement among John's two children - nine-year-old Abhishek and 6-year-old Amen - when they first saw them. \"They have been clicking pictures of the pups and sharing with friends, apart from calling relatives and bragging about having 12 pups at home. They are already planning to buy a special bed and other warm stuff for these pups,\" said an elated John.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17593889", "title": "Eating or spending too much? Blame it on Facebook, Twitter", "text": "WASHINGTON: Using online social networks like Facebook and Twitter can lower your self-control , leading to overeating and overspending , a new study claims.Researchers said participating in on-line social networks can have a detrimental effect on consumer well-being by lowering self-control .\"Using on-line social networks can have a positive effect on selfesteem and well-being . However, these increased feelings of selfworth can have a detrimental effect on behaviour,\" said researchers Keith Wilcox from Columbia University and Andrew T Stephen from University of Pittsburgh.\"Because consumers care about the image they present to close friends, social network use enhances self-esteem in those who are focused on close friends while o their social network. This momentary increase in self-esteem leads them to display less self-control after browsing a social network,\" researchers said.A series of interesting studies showed that users of Facebook who focused on close friends are more likely to choose an unhealthy snack after browsing Facebook due to enhanced self-esteem , researchers said. They added that greater Facebook use was also associated with a higher body-mass index, increased binge eating, a lower credit score, and higher levels of credit card debt for consumers with many close friends in their social network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591169", "title": "2 minor boys die mysteriously, bodies found in pit", "text": "JAIPUR: Two minor boys who went missing from their houses situated in Karni vihar locality since Monday were found dead under mysterious circumstances on Wednesday. Their bodies were found in a nearly five feet deep pit full of waste water outside an under-construction house situated near Rangoli garden in Bhakrota area.According to the police, when the labourers outside an under-construction house were on the job of pumping out water from the pit on Wednesday, they were stunned to see two dead bodies of the kids.\"A team of police rushed to the spot and the boys were identified as Sonu Kumar (10) and Daya Kumar (10) who were staying at temporary under-construction houses in the Karni Vihar locality,\" said Rajendra Nayan, circle inspector of Karni Vihar police station.For the police and families of the deceased, it was a strange accident as the pit is full of garbage and water.\"Nobody can use the pit for swimming or other purposes as it is muddy, full of garbage and debris. There could be a possibility that they accidently fell into it and drowned,\" a senior police officer said.Police have not ruled out the possibility of murder as they said the kids went missing from their residence since Monday evening. \"Whether they were murdered or accidently fell into the pit would be ascertained only after the post mortem and viscera report. Prima facie it appears that both must be playing near the under-construction site and must fell down into the pit accidently,\" Rajendra added.The parents of the kids are labourers engaged in construction work in Bhankrota, Karni Vihar and Jhotwara locality.Police also asked the parents if they had any confrontation with their fellow labourers or had witnessed any family feud. Further investigations in the case were on, they added.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591742", "title": "Most E Delhi buildings unsafe: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The buildings in east Delhi, especially of group housing societies, are not structurally safe, claim the National Institute of Disaster Management (NIDM) which conducted a survey to assess the structural stability of the buildings in Trans-Yamuna area. The provision for stilt parking\u00e2\u20ac\u201dopen storeys \u00e2\u20ac\u201d makes these buildings vulnerable. The survey also found a majority of the buildings in east Delhi area \"structurally unsafe\".In areas such as Mayur Vihar, Vasundhara Enclave, Patparganj etc there are several group housing societies and almost all have a provision for stilt parking. \"This makes the structures vulnerable. The columns are not guarded properly. There should be a brick wall between some of the columns which can provide stability to the structure. There is a need to carry out corrective measures immediately,'' said Dr Chandan Ghosh, professor and head of geo-hazard, NIDM, who headed the team which conducted the survey.In its report, which was submitted to the inquiry commissioner hearing the Lalita Park building collapse case, NIDM also mentioned that the quality of construction material used in a majority of the buildings was not up to the mark.\"The quality of material used and the construction procedures were majorly compromised. The bricks used were of not good quality. There was no testing of water done. A majority of the buildings in east Delhi might develop cracks or suffer damage if there is an earthquake of 5-6 on richter scale,'' said Ghosh.Though the NIDM had trained 300-odd people in detecting structurally unsafe buildings, the corporation is unable to do it. NIDM officials say that the civic agency should emphasize on structural stability of the building. It was found that buildings constructed after getting the plan sanctioned were not structurally stable. \"Little can be done to make existing structures structurally safe, but the corporation should ensure that new structures use good quality material and are structurally safe,'\" said Ghosh.Though NIDM had submitted its report to the inquiry commission which tabled its report on Lalita Park, the survey report is yet to be shared with East corporation.\"We have to report of the inquiry commission setup for Lalita Park case, but we didn't get the survey report prepared by NIDM. If we get it, we will try to incorporate whatever we can,'' said S S Yadav, commissioner East Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17591937", "title": "Mahindra Navistar offers ITI training", "text": "KOCHI: Mahindra Navistar Automotives Ltd (MNAL), a part of the Mahindra Group , has launched a technical training initiative, MN-Shiksha, in Kochi.\"The main objective of this initiative is to enhance the knowledge and skills of technicians on today's vehicle technology and make them job-ready,\" said Nalin Mehta, MD of MNAL. V D Satheesan MLA inaugurated the initiative at Kuriakose Chavara Memorial ITI .\"MN-Shiksha is done with selected Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs), which offer a two-year 'Mechanic Motor Vehicle' course approved by the National Council for Vocational Training. Under the initiative, we will offer 20 days of classroom training and 20 days of on-the-job training at our dealerships for selected second-year students. This training will be over and above their standard curriculum,\" explained Rajat Proothi, senior GM for customer care and spares with MNAL. \"We will also be providing an e-learning module - 'Mecaknow' - to enable the continuous competency evaluation of the students. After successful completion of the training, the students will be offered apprenticeship at our dealerships, and later on, shortlisted ones will be offered a job. They are free to accept jobs at any other establishment as well,\" Proothi said.In 2005, Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Ltd and International Truck and Engine Corporation, the operating company of Navistar, entered into a joint venture to manufacture light, medium and heavy commercial vehicles for the domestic and overseas markets. The company now has a service network of 1196 service points on strategic trucking routes, which includes 59 large-scale dealerships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17595883", "title": "CAG report puts civic body in the dock over Vilappilsala", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: The report of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) of India has found serious shortcomings in solid waste management by the city corporation. The report, tabled in the state assembly on Wednesday, has found several deficiencies in the operation of the waste treatment plant at Vilappilsala since 2000.Though the state pollution control board had specifically mentioned that leachate treatment plant and sanitary land filling were to be provided before commissioning of the plant, this was not done. About Rs 7.48 crore was given to the operator towards the cost of the plant and the operational loss incurred during seven years was outside the scope of the agreement.The CAG has observed that due to the deficiencies in the plant set up by the operator, a further substantial amount of Rs 9.56 crore is required for the upgradation of the facility. The plant was closed in December, 2011, seriously affecting the solid waste management in the city with adverse environmental implications.The city corporation had set up the municipal solid waste processing plant through a private agency on build, own, operate and maintain basis for a period of 30 years. The estimated municipal solid waste generation in the corporation was approximately 250 metric tonnes per day. The operator was required to establish a plant of 300 metric tonne capacity. However, the plant that was set up has the capacity to process only 156 metric tonnes of waste. Despite this, the corporation authorities did not take any action against the operator.The waste was to be processed through aerobic composting -- conversion of bio degradable waste into soil manure. However, the plant did not adhere to the specifications. Due to this, the conversion efficiency of the plant was reduced to 12%. This prolonged the processing period of waste thus leading to ineffective utilization of the installed capacity of the plant. Due to the improper and inefficient operation of the plant, the quantity of rejects deposited in the plant premises was about 80% of the waste supplied to the plant, the report said.As per the agreement, the operator was to obtain sanction from various authorities for operating the plant. However, the plant was operated without license form the two mandatory agencies-- the state pollution control board and Vilappil panchayat.The operator did not comply with the requirement to treat the leachate in a well-designed treatment plant, though as per the agreement he was to operate the plant in an eco-friendly manner. Consequently, the leachate from the garbage and storm water runoff from the plant, collected unscientifically in temporary ponds, was allowed to flow to the nearby water bodies causing health problems to the people, the CAG report said.The plant was to be operated by the operator without any financial commitment on the part of the city corporation. However, the city corporation took over the plant costing Rs 6.82 crore in March, 2008 after paying Rs 7.48 crore to the operator, who failed in running the plant. The government contention that the compensation was paid for bringing the viability gap for running the plant for seven years was not acceptable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595850", "title": "Big screen Big dreams", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odia cinema, one of the most sluggish and least noticed of regional cinemas, has undergone a transformation in recent years. More films are being made with production budgets much higher than before; the plots are more varied, productions are sleek and smart, investment is pouring in and returns are making producers whistle all the way to the bank.On April 28, about 25 years after \"Raja Harishchandra\" was made and five years after the release of the first Hindi talkie, \"Alam Ara\", \"Sita Bibaha\", the first Odia film, was released at Laxmi Talkies in Puri. Since then, about 500 Odia films have been made and it has been a long and eventful journey for the industry.During the initial few decades, barely six to seven Odia films were made each year. In 2011, in contrast, 31 films were released. Nearly 24 Odia films have already been released by December 2012. Some of them like \"Balunga Toka\", \"ACP Ranveer\", \"Raja Jhia Sange Karithili Bhaba\" and \" Rangeela Toka\" are blockbusters and some of them have become the biggest grossers. Industry sources said some of the productions have even collected Rs 2 crore and above at the box office.The improved quality of the films is ascribed mainly to the producers' willingness to spend. Until a few years ago, an average film would cost around Rs 40 lakh, but now the budgets have moved into the crore club. Backdrops have become glossy, a feast for the eyes; so producers are scouting for locations not only in exotic spots within the state but also in faraway Singapore, Switzerland and the US.The revival of Odia cinema started in 2004 when the film, \"I Love You\" under the banner of Brajaraj Movies featuring Anubhav Mohanty hit the screens. Director of the film, Hara Patnaik, said, \"Odia film has registered tremendous growth in the past few years not only in terms of money but also in areas of technique and the use of special effects. Even actors are earning very well these days.\"However, Patnaik, one of the ace directors of the industry with over 30 films in his kitty, said, the industry is being corrupted because of the foray of some unprofessional people. \"Since they have money and they want to invest, the film industry has become a safe destination. They hardly bother about the sentiments of Odia people, or our culture.\"Producer Gyana Ranjan Priyadarshan , who had invested about Rs 2.75 crore in \"Mote Bahu Kari Nei Ja\", released last year. The USP of the film was 80 per cent of the film was shot in foreign locales. \"We don't have a discerning audience. Only a certain section of people is watching Odia movies.\"He also blamed a poor distribution chain and exhibiting infrastructure for the loss of revenue. He demanded that the state government set up a cinema hall in each of the 314 blocks of the state on a PPP mode.Prasanta Nanda, the first superstar of Odia cinema, who has been ruling the industry for the past four decades, said, \"Like other regional film industries, we also need multiplexes and films on bold themes. I agree remakes are doing the rounds but then makers alone cannot be blamed. The audience is lapping up these remakes, they have developed a taste for them. There is a need for quality check.\"His first film, \"Sesha Shrabana\", was released in 1976, while his latest, \"Thukul\" was released recently. Nanda's \"Jianta Bhuta\", a film on Dongria Kondhs of Niyamgiri hills, won several national and international awards.Himanshu Khatua, the director of award-winning films like \"Sunya Swarupa\" and \"Kathantara\" is quite optimistic about the future of Odia cinema. \"The future is in competent hands as very talented and creative youngsters are making their presence felt. Many of them have been doing excellent work in Bollywood and are interested to work in the state as well.\"EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17595977", "title": "Nine killed as tractor falls in ditch", "text": "VARANASI: At least nine persons were killed while three suffered serious injuries when a tractor fell into a deep ditch near Eco point under Robertsganj police station in Sonebhadra district on Tuesday night.According to reports, some labourers of Nigai village under Kone police station had arrived at Belgari village under Pannuganj police station for work. After their work was done, Virendra Singh Patel of Belgari village boarded all the 11 labourers and their family members on his tractor to leave for Nigai village on Tuesday.When he reached close to Eco point, some vehicle hit Virendra's tractor due to which it fell into a deep ditch. Due to the dark and bad weather conditions, nobody noticed this accident in the night. On Wednesday morning, some passersby noticed the tractor and its trolley lying in several meters below the road level. On receiving information of the incident, police reached the site and began a rescue operation.During this operation, it was found that seven persons including Virendra (30), Rajan (18), Indu (20), Virendra Singh (42), Anjania (7), Vikram (7) and a two-year-old unidentified girl had died. Five seriously injured persons including Nandu (27), his wife Rajkumari (25), their son Harnu (5), Lallu (25) and Lalti (20) were rushed to a local hospital where noticing sharp deterioration in their health, doctors referred them to Varanasi. Nandu and Rajkumari also died during the course of treatment in the Varanasi hospital.Five buried alive: Five persons were buried alive late in the evening on Tuesday when a mud house collapsed in Bahura village under Kerakat police station in Jaunpur district.According to reports, Mahboob and Maqsood dwell in a mud house in Bhaura village. On Tuesday evening, the mud wall of the neighbouring house owned by Udaybhan Singh collapsed and its debris fell on the walls of Mahboob's house. Due to this, his house also collapsed completely and his family members were buried under the debris.On hearing their cries, villagers began removing the debris to rescue the buried persons. But before they could do so, Sabira, Alimunisha (48), Shama (15) and Laxmina (18) had succumbed to the injuries sustained in the incident. Shabana (19) and Shaba (18), who were seriously injured, were taken to a local hospital where Shabana also succumbed to her injuries later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593498", "title": "Police arrest woman for plotting husband's murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Bahadurpura police on Wednesday arrested a 38-year-old woman for the murder of her husband with the assistance of four others on December 3. The four accomplices were also apprehended.Ashiya Begum and her associates Mohammed Ahmed, 22, Ghouse Khan, 22, of Hassan Nagar, Shaik Ahmed, 24, of Tadban and Mohammed Jaleel, 21, of Hassan Nagar were taken into custody.Giving details, police said that on December 9, Abdul Arshad of Hassan Nagar lodged a complaint with the Bahadurpura police alleging that his 45-year-old father, Mohammed Abdul Samad, who left the house on December 3 in his auto (AP 11 V 4644), was found dead at Mir Alam Tank.Arshad said his father's mobile was unreachable since December 3 evening and on December 6, his mother Ashiya lodged a missing complaint at the Rajendranagar police station. During the course of investigation, police found Samad's auto at Kamatipura.Police quizzed his friends and family and found out that Samad had some problems with his second wife, Ashiya Begum. She had been arrested earlier by the Rajendranagar police in a self-help group (SHG)-related cheating case. Samad was also taken into custody for questioning. Humiliated, Samad bore a grudge against her and he used to taunt her regularly. He also began suspecting her fidelity as Mohammed Ahmed reportedly used to frequent their house in his absence.The mobile call data analysis of Ashiya before and after Samad went missing, revealed that she had made several calls to Mohammed Ahmed. With these clues, police picked up Ahmed on Wednesday and on interrogation, he confessed to have murdered Samad with the assistance of his friends.As per Ashiya's plan, Shaik Ahmed engaged Samad's auto on December 3 at Bahadurpura to go to Jalpally in Pahadesharif. Except Ashiya, the other three accused followed Samad's vehicle in another auto owned by Jaleel. At an isolated spot near Jalpally pond, Shaik made Samad stop the auto and they tried throttling him.Samad fell unconscious, but due to the presence of some locals, they left the place and drove all the way to an isolated place near Mir Alam Tank. \"They strangled Samad to death and dumped the body in the water. To prevent the body from floating, they tied boulders to the body and fled,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP, South Zone), Akun Sabharwal said.Based on the information given by Mohammed Ahmed, police arrested the other culprits from their houses on Wednesday. They were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593798", "title": "Balaji temple in Hyderabad was stage for Pandit Ravi Shankar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s secret wedding", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the older priests of the Balaji temple in Chilkur, the news of Pandit Ravi Shankar's sudden demise brought back vivid memories of the day he landed in Hyderabad and paid them a quiet visit, taking them all by surprise.Not many people know but the sitar maestro married Sukanya Devi, mother of Anoushka Shankar in 1989 at the very temple, when it was frequented by only a handful of devotees.Listen to the best of Ravi Shankar on gaana.com\"They came in a car on that day with their own purohit and nobody had even a faint idea that the marriage of a celebrity was going to take place,\" said M V Soundara Rajan, hereditary trustee of the Chilkur Balaji temple . \"The temple authorities were not informed beforehand. It was a very low-key and simple affair bereft of any celebrity wedding. The marriage ritual was finished within an hour and the guests left soon,\" recalls Rajan, whose 99-year-old uncle C M Srinivasa Raghava Chary performed the marriage. The maestro, according to temple authorities, was a big devotee of Balaji and had visited the temple several times. Popularly known as the \"visa god\" as students pray there before applying for visa counseling, the temple witnesses over 5000 people visiting it every day.Back in the days, the temple was very popular among members of Gujarati and Marwari community from the city who were ardent devotees of the lord.A Gujarati businessman from the city, who was the patron of the temple, was instrumental in getting Ravi Shankar married here, priests say. \"Ravi Shankar was a close friend of a Gujarati devotee who used to visit our temple. Probably this was the reason why he chose this temple. He had accompanied Ravi Shankar and his would-be wife to the temple that day,\" Rajan recalled.Soundara Rajan also remembered the Gujarati devotee, whose name he does not remember , speaking of organizing a benefit programme with Ravi Shankar and promising to donate its proceeds to the development of the temple. \"But our family had rejected that idea since we did not want any monetary help raised through such programmes since we consider this as a service,\" he said.Recalling the marriage, priests said the marriage at this temple would have been confidential and not known to many had it not been for a lucky reporter who stumbled on the information . \"Only after the news was splashed many knew that he had visited the city\" a priest said.According to them, Ravi Shankar also chose the temple as he was also a devotee of Chilkur Balaji. \"He seemed to have visited the temple before and after the marriage.\"C S Rangarajan, chief priest of the temple and son of Soundara Rajan recalled his conversation on this topic with his grandfather , who was the in-charge of the temple then. \"This temple might have been chosen because it was quiet and hardly visited by any devotees. He had visited again in 2009 which showed he had faith in Chilkur Balaji,\" Rangarajan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17592791", "title": "GMC funding govt, itself remains cash starved", "text": "PATIALA: Government Medical College (GMC) and Rajindera Hospital in Patiala have been facing fund crunch for the last many years despite having annual income in crores of rupees.Jointly, the two institutions generate around Rs 13 crore annually, but according to officials, the state government gives back only Rs 6.40 crore, which is not enough to run the two institutions. Authorities at the two institutions have therefore submitted written representations to Punjab chief minister, demanding that they be allowed to utilize their income fully. But despite assurances from CM, the matter has not proceeded further.Director, research and medical education (DRME), Dr A S Thind confirmed the development. \"The college and hospital authorities have requested for permission to utilize their full income. The matter is under consideration, but I cannot say anything about how much time it would take for a final decision,\" said the DRME.The GMC has 1,110 medical students, of which 750 are MBBS students while the remaining 360 are pursing post graduation in various subjects. From these students, who include 13 NRI students, the college generates a total income of Rs 10 crore annually, while the hospital generates Rs 3 crore annually as user charges, including for surgeries, OPD, beds and others.\"We have been getting only Rs 6.40 crore annually from the government, though we generate Rs 13 crore income annually. We need this amount fully to run the two institutes properly,\" said Dr K D Singh, principal of GMC.Lack of funds has been causing a number of problems to the institutes and those visiting them. \"Due to lack of beds, we are forced to adjust women patients on single bed after deliveries. Senior officers are aware about these affairs, but say that due to lack of funds, they are not able to purchase the required number of beds,\" said a nurse working in the hospital.In the college, 35% vacancies of teaching staff have been lying vacant while the hospital has been struggling with problems like shortage of cleaning staff, beds and clean drinking water.\"The CM has assured permission to use our income fully. A final decision will be taken in the coming months,\" said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17593826", "title": "Cops yet to nab thieves identified in luxury hotel heist", "text": "COIMBATORE: A special team of city police officials have been camping at Mumbai for the past 15 days to nab two professional jewel thieves who looted Rs 10 lakh from an NRI dentist at a luxury hotel in the city on November 20.\"We got a tip off that two professional jewel thieves at Borivali west in Mumbai targeted luxury hotels and used to loot money and gold ornaments. We have a CCTV grab of the culprits and our special team is camping in Mumbai to nab them with the help of Mumbai city police,\" said R Gunasekaran, assistant commissioner of police (crime, central sub-division), Coimbatore city.After they committed the crime at the luxury hotel, the duo did not return home. On doing a background check on the thieves it has been found that the duo has committed several daring robberies across the country. According to sources, they hailed from Gujarat and had settled down in Borivali west along with their family. Tamil Nadu police did not approach their family members fearing that the culprits may get a heads-up that the police are on their trail.On November 20, Jyothi Chandramohan, a dentist and native of Vadavalli in Coimbatore, residing in the UK, had checked into the CAG Pride Hotel in Gandhipuram along with her partner Christopher David, a researcher from the UK. The two suspects who looked like corporate delegates had decamped with a platinum diamond necklace, a pair of platinum studs, two platinum diamond chains, one white gold chain, a dollar with a green stone, a 10 sovereign gold bangle, a pair of platinum diamond studs, a pair of gold studs, 11 luxury watchs and one diamond bracelet, all worth more than Rs 10 lakh.Based on the CCTV footage, the city police approached the Mumbai police. Though a special team returned to Mumbai few days ago, they are yet to nab the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593782", "title": "Driver scoots off with jeweller\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Rs 53L", "text": "HYDERABAD: The driver escaped with Rs 53 lakh cash of his employer and owner of Ghanshyamdas Gems and Jewllers in Abids on Wednesday.The incident happened at Palace Heights hotel in Abids on Wednesday afternoon. Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, who owns Ghanshyamdas at Mayur Kushal Complex in Abids, went to the hotel on some personal work. After reaching the hotel, Agarwal left two bags containing Rs 53 lakh cash inside his car and asked his driver Prakash to wait at the parking lot. Agarwal came out of the hotel in 15 minutes and found that his car was in the parking area, but the driver was missing along with the cash bags.After failing to contact his driver on his cell phone, Agarwal approached the Abids police and lodged a complaint. The cash was Tuesday's collection from the jewellery business. Agarwal told police that Prakash had been working for him since the past one year and he hails from Narayankhed in Medak district.Police have booked a case under section 381 (Theft by clerk or servant of property in possession of the master) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and launched a manhunt to nab the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592771", "title": "Another student death shows holes in school campus safety", "text": "CHENNAI: Lack of safety at schools has again come under the scanner after a Class 5 student, B Lokesh, was found dead on his school campus in Nandiambakkam near Ponneri. Police haven't ascertained the cause of his death, but relatives allege that he was electrocuted.TOI visited Venkateswara Vidyalaya on Wednesday and found wires jutting out of a broken electric socket below an open air auditorium where Lokesh was playing with friends. This is the latest in a series of accidents involving children on school campuses this year. M Rajan, a Class 4 student of Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan in KK Nagar, drowned in the school's swimming pool in August. In the previous month, Vijay, a Class 6 student died after he tumbled down a staircase of PT Lee Chengalvarayar Higher Secondary School.On Wednesday, about 70 friends and relatives of Lokesh blocked traffic on Minjur Main Road for half-an-hour demanding the arrest of the school officials. \"It's not the first time it has happened. Recently, a Class 7 student suffered head injury while he was playing with friends. Another girl, who nodded off in the class, was locked inside by the cleaning boys,\" said M Dhanalakshmi, a parent.Lokesh's parents were inconsolable on Wednesday. His uncle S Vijayakumar told TOI that Lokesh had stayed back in school to attend special classes on Tuesday. Later he went to play with friends. \"His friends told me they were playing hide and seek on the dais of an open air auditorium. He hid behind a podium, where he suffered a shock and fainted. We saw burn injuries on his palm,\" said Vijayakumar.The students playing with him rushed to the gates to tell their parents about Lokesh. After nearly 20 minutes, Lokesh's parents who live at V Reddy Palayam, about 2km from the school, rushed him to a nearby hospital where he was declared \"brought dead\". There were no teachers on campus. His relatives said they were upset with the school management as they neither met the parents nor explained what had happened. \"They did not even see his body,\" he said.The school remained locked on Wednesday and no official was available for comment. On Wednesday, Lokesh's body was sent to the Government General Hospital in Chennai for postmortem. \"The results are expected in two weeks,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591283", "title": "Suicide in Sabarmati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 27-year old woman hanged self at her residence in Sabarmati on Tuesday night. Her parents have registered a complaint against her husband for abetment of suicide.According to Sabarmati police officials, Rajkumari Adriv, 27, a resident of Mahakali ni chali at Kabir Chowk, was found dead at her residence at 10.30 pm on Tuesday by her husband Vishnu. She had hanged self with a dupatta in a room and had locked the door from inside.Vishnu, working as a car driver, had a fight with Rajkumari on Tuesday night. As per Vishnu's statement, she was not happy with his job as he used to come back late and his earnings were not enough to run the house. After the fight, Vishnu brought his mother from nearby Railway Colony to intervene. When he came back, he found the door locked from inside.\"Rajkumari's parents allege that Vishnu had killed her and staged the scene of suicide. However, the primary post-mortem reports and forensic experts believed that it was a case of suicide. After the reports, her parents have charged Vishnu with abetment to suicide,\" said a Sabarmati police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592341", "title": "Watchdog website to be launched today", "text": "MUMBAI: Tired of the apathy on the part of various agencies in resolving civic issues, citizens will launch a website on Thursday for speedy redressal.The website, to be set up by Watchdog Foundation, will allow citizens to lodge complaints and provide feedback and suggestionsto tackle the said issue that affect them, so as to enable more responsive execution of projects and delivery of services to them.The foundation is spearheaded by advocate Godfrey Pimenta and activist Nicholas Almeida. \"There is a grievance redressal mechanism in various government organizations. We are all aware how effective these public redressal mechanisms are. This website is open for all wards throughout Mumbai,\" said Pimenta.The website will deal with issues relating to SEZ, river pollution, garbage , traffic congestion and implementation of schemes.\"We will invite feedback on various issues and convert them into a memorandum, which will be sent to the officer concerned, who will be given seven days to address it. If there is no response, the officer's name and cellphone number will be put up on the website. If the result is still not satisfactory, we will go file a PIL in court,\" said Pimenta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592096", "title": "HC backs Jamia on suspension", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday upheld the decision of Jamia Milia Islamia to suspend one of its students following his arrest for allegedly kidnapping and raping a minor.Justice G S Sistani dismissed the plea of Sharad Shekhar Tomar challenging his suspension and said the vice-chancellor's decision to take a disciplinary action against the students is justified.Appearing for the university, advocate M Atyab Siddiqui argued that the offence for which Tomar and others were accused was of a serious nature and the university can't allow an alleged rapist to appear in the campus and also sit for his exams as it will send out a wrong signal to everyone.The counsel said his institution is trying to woo girl students from the minority community to increase education levels and any indulgence shown to men accused of such a crime will vitiate the sense of security that JMI wants to instill in its female students.JMI further pointed out that the accused was enrolled in the faculty of law and aspired to become a lawyer, yet is facing charges of kidnapping and gang rape of a minor. In such a situation, the university can't afford to be lenient.Tomar had claimed that the university's decision was arbitrary and illegal. He urged the court to grant him relief, arguing he is innocent until proven guilty beyond doubt by a court of law. He accused JMI of declaring him a rapist even before a court had weighed all the evidence, contending he has a right to continue with his studies so that his carrier may not suffer.The Jamia students, arrested for allegedly confining and gangraping a minor girl for over two months at their residence, are in 14-day judicial custody. A Delhi court had earlier sent accused Tomar, Pulkit Chaudhary, Amandeep, Roopansu and Vikas Punia to Tihar Jail till December 20 after police said they were not required anymore for custodial interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17591936", "title": "MS Dhoni: Hero to zero in 20 months", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than 20 months ago he had the world at his feet. A splendid knock in the final was the icing on the cake for Mahendra Singh Dhoni who became only the second Indian captain to lift the World Cup, ending a 28-year wait.With Team India also holding on to its numero uno status in Test cricket and the Chennai Super Kings repeating their IPL triumph under Dhoni, the Indian skipper's stock was at an all-time high.Ironically, this also marked the beginning of the slide for Dhoni, who has since lost credibility as a leader. Once hailed as the face of change in Indian cricket, Dhoni himself has changed beyond recognition.With his team in a state of terminal decline, the trademark boyish smile on his face has been replaced by a scowl. However, never before has the Indian board backed a captain who has presided over so many losses.The selectors' faith in him is dwindling with every Test loss, and he is also fast losing respect of his players.Cricket is a team game and the truth is that Dhoni today presides over a fragmented outfit.His equation with senior players like Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Rahul Dravid, VVS Laxman and Sourav Ganguly was at best uneasy. Today, despite the last three retiring, the tension in the dressing room has hardly eased.While there is no immediate threat to Dhoni's position as skipper in ODIs, there are three contenders for the Test captaincy -- Sehwag, Gambhir and Virat Kohli.If Dhoni has not lost the captaincy as well as his Test spot despite a string of losses and his own poor form, it is partly because national selectors are in awe of his reputation and partly because the contenders for the top job have fared even worse than him.The differences between Dhoni and Sehwag date back to the 2007 when the swashbuckling opener was dropped by the skipper in the World T20 final. The fact that Sehwag had also been subsequently left out of several key matches in the shorter versions of the game clearly indicates the power struggle within the team.Being the seniormost among the three contenders, Sehwag was the odds on favourite to replace Dhoni. But inconsistency has been his bane and injuries have taken its toll on his ageing frame, allowing Gambhir and Kohli to stake their claim.Gambhir's captaincy ambitions, of course, have been fuelled by KKR's triumph in IPL 5 this year. In an ill-tempered final against Dhoni's CSK, there was much finger-pointing before KKR prevailed. But their prickly relationship dates back to the 2011 World Cup final where Gambhir's gallant knock of 97 did not get the reviews it deserved because he, unlike Dhoni, had failed to see his team to victory.Dhoni, who pipped Gambhir to the Man-of-the-match award, had rubbed it in at the post match presentation saying 'Gambhir only had himself to blame'.Not the one to take it lying down, Gambhir returned the compliment after winning the MoM award in Adelaide against Australia after India won in the last over, saying he would have finished the match earlier had he been there in the middle.Yuvraj and Harbhajan have every reason to feel let down by Dhoni after being cast away in a manner that suggest that, along with Zaheer Khan, they were the one to be blamed for India's debacle in Mumbai and Kolkata.Dhoni's chances of hanging on to the top-job in Tests lie in winning the Nagpur Test. It will be tough for even the BCCI top brass to keep on pedestal someone who has gone from a hero to zero in less than 20 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592197", "title": "Din as SIT probe into irrigation scam sought", "text": "NAGPUR: VIP birthdays, an opposition in disarray trying to be offensive or paucity of business. These were some of the reasons proffered, depending on which side of the political divide they were, by legislators as the third day of the winter session ended with little business transacted. Both the houses were adjourned by midday.The Council was once again adjourned for the day after question hour when opposition members stormed the well of the house demanding a SIT probe into irrigation scam. The Assembly was adjourned for the day without transacting much business as the opposition continued noisy protests first demanding apology for home minister R R Patil's Tuesday remark and later raised a din seeking special probe into irrigation scam.The lower house was repeatedly adjourned as a belligerent opposition said Patil's remark that DF government was \"ready to face the opposition inside the House or out on the streets,\" amounted to a threat and was not in best parliamentary tradition. They refused to budge till he offered an apology. Even Speaker Dilip Walse Patil's assurance to check and verify the records and audio tapes for the exact wording of Patil's remarks failed the pacify the opposition. Opposition leader Eknath Khadse (BJP) said he feared the records might have been tampered with. This had treasury benches on its toes saying that it amounted to lack of faith in Speaker.Shishir Shinde (MNS) was on the offensive demanding Patil's apology and the Speaker tried to calm him. Khadse said until the Speaker got the records checked the house should be adjourned. Patil ridiculed the opposition saying it was frustrated on its failure to bring no-confidence motion against government. The house was repeatedly adjourned for periods ranging from 15 minutes to one hour. After it resumed, panel Speaker Nawab Malik took up one Bill amid din raised by the opposition that now switched over to demand for special investigative team (SIT) to probe irrigation scam. Malik then adjourned the house for the day.In the Council, two adjournment motions seeking a SIT probe had been tabled by leader of opposition Vinod Tawde and PWP MLC Jayant Patil on Wednesday. They had not been entertained by chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh. The two once again tabled adjournment motions on the same issue. When Deshmukh said that he would decide on them later, the opposition started shouting slogans. After one adjournment for ten minutes the House was adjourned for the day.Later talking to media outside the House, Tawde said they would not allow the house to function until a probe was ordered. A senior BJP leader said NCP members were keen on winding up the proceedings as they wanted to go to Mumbai to meet their party chief Sharad Pawar on his birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17593588", "title": "Vypeen ferry: Boat journey down the memory lane", "text": "KOCHI: Many decades ago, they were two regular commuters who waited impatiently for the arrival of the Ernakulam ferry at Vypeen jetty. Thirty years after, O V Soman and Indira Soman remain a happily married couple, who met during one of their regular trips to the mainland.Those were the days when the Goshree bridges were a dream and boat services were the life line of islanders. The boat jetties and the boat united people from all walks of life. People who became friends on these boat journeys have remained so even after the bridges finally opened.\"I had a temporary job and Indira was studying at the school of nursing in Ernakulam. During our daily trips on the boat we got to know each other better. When I got a permanent job in 1982, we married with the consent of our families,\" said Soman.A boat ride, Ormayilekku oru yatra (A trip down the memory lane), was organized on the backwaters of Kochi on 12-12-12 to relive the journeys of the old and the camaraderie that developed around it. Seven other couples from Vypeen, who married following the courtship on the boat, were also present during the trip.Around 150 people gathered at the state water transport department (SWTD) jetty at Vypeen to celebrate the ride which began at 12:12:12 hours. Renowned cartoonist M K Seeri, former Cusat pro-vice chancellor V J Pappu, dean fisheries college (retired) K S Purushan, writer Benny P Naryarambalam were among those who joined the ride and shared their memories.\"In those days there were boats like Komalakumari and Keralakumari which could carry about 800 people. The first class cabins in the boats were occupied by the elite who discussed contemporary social and cultural issues. Many students were inspired by these discussions which instilled in them a thirst for knowledge and academic excellence,\" said Purushan.According to Seeri, the boat journey brought the communities together. \"They knew each other well and celebrated births or mourned deaths together. They supported each other,\" he said.At the programme organized by the Cochin Port Trust, M V Joseph, retired driver of a service boat who had once saved lives of seven people, was honoured. Deputy mayor B Bhadra was also present at the function at Ernakulam jetty.Convener of the Vypeen bridge action council Majnu Komath said though the bridges eased the transportation woes of islanders, it also put an end to the camaraderie and charm of boat journeys.Once they were two regular commuters who impatiently awaited the arrival of the ferry service between Vypeen and mainland Ernakulam. Thirty years down the lane O V Soman and Indira Soman remain a happily married couple. It was during one of their regular trips to the mainland that Soman got introduced to Indira.Those were the days when the Goshree bridges were a dream and the boat services served as the life line of the islanders. The islanders had to depend on the boat to reach Ernakulam for continuing their higher studies or for work. The boat jetties and the boat served as a meeting place of people from all walks of life. The friendships that were struck up here remained with them for a life time.\"It was a chance meeting that ended up in our marriage. While I had a temporary job, Indira was studying at the school of nursing in Ernakulam. During the daily trips on the boat we got to know each other better. When I got a permanent job in 1982 we got married with the consent of our families,\" says Soman.A boat ride titled 'Ormayilekku oru yatra' which means a trip down the memory lane was organised in the backwaters of Kochi on 12-12-12 to relive the charm of the boat journeys and the comradeship that developed around it. The organisers of the programme stated that there were seven other couple in Vypeen who got married following the courtship on the boat.About 150 people gathered at the state water transport department (SWTD) jetty at Vypeen to celebrate the ride which began at 12:12:12 hours. Renowned cartoonist M K Seeri, former pro-vice chancellor, CUSAT V J Pappu, (retired) dean Fisheries college K S Purushan, writer Benny P Naryarambalam were among those who joined the ride and shared their memories.\"In those days there were boats like Komalakumari and Keralakumari which could carry about 800 people. The first class cabins in the boats which were occupied by the educated elite and it was the nerve centre of discussions on contemporary social and cultural issues. Many students were inspired by these dialogues and it instilled in them a thirst for knowledge and academic aspirations,\" said Purushan. According to Seeri the boat journey brought the communities together. \"They knew each other and be it a birth or death in a family people supported each other,\" he said.At the reception given for the boat by Cochin Port Trust it was stated that the backwaters of Kochi had never witnessed any major accidents. They honoured the retired driver a service boat, M V Joseph who had once saved the life of seven people. Deputy mayor B Bhadra welcomed the boat at Ernakulam jetty.On the concluding phase of the boat ride Majnu Komath who was the convenor of the Vypeen bridge action council said that though the bridges eased the transportation woes of the islanders and it also brought to an end the camaraderie and charm of boat journeys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591672", "title": "Activist alleges HRA scam in SNDT university", "text": "MUMBAI: A social activist has claimed that there is a large scam regarding house rent allowance (HRA) that is brewing in the SNDT Women's University. The activist, Prakash Rajdeo, has alleged that several officers of the university claim HRA despite living with their spouses, many of whom are government officers and have been allotted government quarters.A government resolution (GR) of 1988 states that either spouse can claim HRA if both the employees are government servants.The SNDT university said it started implementing this resolution only last year and 17 staffers do not receive HRA now as their husbands are also government employees.Rajdeo alleged that the university's pro vice-chancellor Vandana Chakrabarti has been claiming a monthly HRA of Rs 19,983 but has been living with her husband at the Labour Institute quarters in Chunabhatti. Chakrabarti said her husband had retired and she lived in her own flat for which she was entitled to HRA.SNDT registrar K Sarangpani said, \"The university adopted the (HRA) GR of 1988 in 1988. But it was not implemented i.e. HRA was not cut from any of the staff members' salary till 2011. No staffer has cheated the varsity.\"Rajdeo also alleged that certain promotions in the university were out of order. He alleged that T J Mathew, a lab assistant till a few years ago, was elevated to the post of professor-cum-director of Jankidevi Bajaj Institute of Management Studies. He also alleged that Ashok Puthran, a clerk has been made the administrative director in the same management college.Sarangpani said, \"He has been appointed as professor as per qualifications, experience and procedures approved by the university and the AICTE (All India Council of Technical Education)prevalent at the time of appointment.\" tnnAshok Puthran's services has been outsourced from Estate Personnel Services and three staff have been employed form this firm from 2001. He is not the administrative officer but accounts clerk in JDBIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591912", "title": "SC judgment on Mulayam's plea against CBI probe today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday will pronounce its judgment on petitions filed by Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and other family members seeking annulment of the apex court's 2007 order directing CBI to investigate their alleged disproportionate wealth.Four years after ordering the CBI probe, the court had on February 17, 2011 reserved its verdict on their plea for annulment of the order.Mulayam had said he could not be made to suffer a CBI probe when he and his family members had regularly filed income tax returns. He had also said that the court had adopted a different stand -- \"Supreme Court cannot be the ground for settling political battles\" -- when it came to investigating identical charges against RJD leader Lalu Prasad.On a petition filed by Vishwanath Chaturvedi, whom Mulayam accuses to be associated with rival Congress party, the court had on March 1, 2007 ordered the CBI to conduct a preliminary probe and surprisingly asked the agency to submit a probe report to the government for further action.The probe was ordered against Mulayam, his sons Akhilesh and Prateek and his daughter-in-law Dimple. The Centre, after initially supporting the petitioner and taking a stand against Mulayam 's review petition, backed the SP leader's plea last year.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and H L Dattu had reserved orders on the review petitions filed by Mulayam and his kin after hearing Chaturvedi's counsel and senior advocate K T S Tulsi, who criticized the Centre for its double standards and quoted the Centre's November 13, 2006 affidavit supporting the probe into the alleged illegal wealth of the Yadavs.On whether the court was right in asking the CBI to submit its probe report to the government, Tulsi had cited a 2004 case where a similar order was passed. But the Yadavs' lawyers pointed out that it was for the court to come to a prima facie conclusion about the unaccounted assets before ordering CBI probe. Otherwise, it would become a roving inquiry, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17593894", "title": "Brain cells developed from pee", "text": "NEW YORK: In a breakthrough, scientists have engineered brain cells from human pee, a finding that could revolutionize treatments for Parkinson's and Alzheimer's . As a person urinates, skin cells are routinely shed from the lining in the kidney, and it's these cells that the researchers reprogrammed into stem cells, which can turn into any type of cell in the body, including brain cells.The new research could one day provide a quicker way to make brain cells unique to an individual , LiveScience reported.Because the technique relies on urine, which is much easier to get than blood, it could be easier to extract such cells from almost any patient, including children, Marc Lalande, a researcher at the University of Connecticut Health Center told Nature News.\"It's easier to get a child to give a urine sample than to prick them for blood,\" Lalande said.Chinese researchers, in the current study, used a newer, safer approach by harvesting skin cells that line the kidneys and are routinely shed in human urine.They injected new genetic instructions to reprogramme cells to become brain cells. But unlike the viral method, those instructions only stick around temporarily , Brennand said.\"Holes are made in the cell membrane so DNA can enter, but because the DNA doesn't integrate into the genome, but just sits in the cyplasm, it exists transiently,\" Brennand said. The reprogramming instructions are therefore eventually lost as the cells divide, Brennand wrote.With these new genetic instructions , the cells transformed into brain stem cells, which can turn into different types of brain cells. The transformation from kidney cell to brain stem cell took just 12 days, and within a month, the cells had morphed into fullfledged brain cells.Unlike other stem cell technologies , the pee-based brain cells didn't form tumours when implanted into rats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17596038", "title": "Breathing life into letters and words", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: Handwriting too is an art and 'Kachatathapa', the calligraphy exhibition by artist Narayana Bhattathiri currently on at the Sooryakanthi Gallery, underlines it.Bhattathiri breathes life into each of the words and letters on display and literally makes them dance or flow. With the kind of articulation he gives to each word, the meaning and the feel behind them automatically becomes visible to the onlooker. For example, the meanings and the characteristic features of the words 'Pennunni' or 'Sthree' are evident and need no explanations.\"This is really awesome. The alphabet 'Aa' in the word 'Aana' itself creates an elephantine image in our mind. The flock of birds in the word 'Kilikkoottam' reminds us of the sky at dawn and dusk,\" said Noora Kamar, a visitor at the gallery.'Kachatathapa', organized by Ekathara Kalari and Message, intends to create awareness among youth on the importance of good handwriting by featuring the best 150 works of the artist.\"Our children have lost the art of handwriting. We want to generate a calligraphy culture among the youngsters. I hope they will be inspired at least by seeing Bhattathiri's works,\" said curator, Sundar Ramanathaiyer.The works on display include the titles created by Bhattathiri for M T Vasudevan Nair's books, Madhavikutty's short story collections and works by many other Malayalam authors.The special section in 'Kachatathapa', which Bhattathiri drew exclusively for the exhibition, has old proverbs, alphabets and long forgotten verses in Malayalam.Any visitor to the gallery will be mesmerized by the dedication and talent of the artist in creating multiple fonts even before the advent of technology. The exhibition will conclude on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17593567", "title": "Highway widening threatens porvorim trees", "text": "PANAJI: A PWD project to broaden a 500-metre stretch of national highway 17 at Porvorim has irked tree lovers, who have raised apprehensions that more than 30 trees may be weakened at the roots after the work is completed.A large part of the stretch from a starred hotel to Jeevottam Mutt is lined with flowering trees, three huge banyans and a mango tree. \"In the haste to meet some deadline, the work is being done rapidly,\" Porvorim resident S Kamat said.Digging activity is on, but though not all trees may be axed, citizens say they could lose their bearings. \"It appears the work involves cutting some trees and excavations very close to the tree roots, which will lead to the trees withering and toppling in the long run,\" Kamat said.PWD highways section has planned the widening of the highway on the stretch, as it is a bottleneck causing traffic jams in the area.Citizens said there is an option to broaden the road from the eastern side. \"The authorities have forgotten or ignored that additional road width is available on the road's right hand side,\" Kamat said. Utilizing the eastern side for broadening is a better option. \"No trees exist on this side,\" a citizen added.Some citizens have decided to organize a stand-in, silent protest at Porvorim on Thursday, at 5pm. \"We will hold placards to save the trees,\" Pravin Sabnis, a tree lover said.\"The protest will be a silent one because trees are silent sufferers,\" Kamat added.PWD officials are considering public suggestions on the issue. \"We are looking into the possibility of widening the road from the eastern side, as suggested,\" highways section executive engineer Ulhas Kerkar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593262", "title": "Mastery over tehais, taal unparalleled", "text": "KOLKATA: Panditji became our family guru when he started teaching my elder brother Shashi Mohan in 1955. I started learning in 1983. Then my sister Manju Mehta learnt from him, and he taught my nephew Krishna Mohan too.When he would come to Jaipur, he'd spend the day listening to each member of our family and giving taalim. In 1985, I accompanied him on his tours of Canada, Switzerland, France and Germany. In 1987-88 he took me along for the Festival of India in USSR. I also treasure the memory of being on stage with him at London's Royal Albert Hall. These were lessons in playing before audiences who may not be aware of our musical niceties. He has been an ideal for me. I worship him as a guru. His knowledge of the contours of a raga was exceptional. His mastery over tehais and taal was unparalleled. And he always encouraged the strengths of his students. I used to play the Mohan Veena since 1970s. He appreciated it and gave it to me in his own writing: \"Vishwa Mohan has given a new dimension to Indian music by merging the sounds and technique of sitar, sarod and veena and a revolutionary design.\"Guruji had won the Grammy in 1967. After than I got it in 1994. He was delighted. \"This is our family affair!\" he said with pride. And my pride lies in the fact that he was my guru.\"---Vishwamohan Bhatt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17593015", "title": "Another Nigerian nabbed in drug raid in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Wednesday booked a Nigerian national for possession of 2 gm of cocaine in the early hours of Wednesday.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said that the police received a tip-off that a Nigerian drug peddler would be arriving near a hotel at Porbavaddo to deliver the drugs to a customer. Acting on this, they maintained a watch and conducted a raid between 12.20am and 2.30am.When the Nigerian, John Okeka, 32, arrived at the spot, he was caught red-handed, with cocaine worth 14,000 and 15 gm of charas worth 3,000, and immediately taken into custody and later booked under Sections 21(a) and 20(b) of the NDPS Act.This is the fifteenth raid conducted by Raposo since taking charge of Calangute police station nine months ago. Of these, eight cases were registered against Nigerians and two against other African s.On Tuesday, a Nigerian was arrested with 2 gm of cocaine at Ximer, Candolim, by Calangute police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595924", "title": "3 more arrests in Capital hospital violence", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Wednesday arrested three more persons in connection with Monday's clash between some employees of two bus owners' associations at Baramunda bus stand, taking the total number of arrests to eight.The accused, who owe allegiance to both the associations, were identified as Kishore Swain, Pabitra Bastia and Satyaranjan Pradhan. \"The trio worked either as hawker or supervisor. We would arrest others involved,\" said IIC of Khandagiri police station Sanjib Kumar Satpathy.Rivalry among some members of Bhubaneswar Bus Owners Association and Rajdhani Bus Owners Association took a violent turn on Monday. Miscreants ran amok at Baramunda bus stand and ransacked the Capital Hospital where their rival members were admitted for treatment. In a bid to defend themselves, the two associations washed their hands off the violence and claimed that the violence was orchestrated by two gangs of goons, who wanted to extort money from them at the bus stand.DCP Nitinjeet Singh on Wednesday said a manhunt is on to nab notorious criminal Daina Muna, who was allegedly the mastermind behind the Capital Hospital mayhem. Locals alleged that Muna rules the roost at Baramunda bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17595248", "title": "Seer, farmer, homemakers get chief minister's discretionary quota", "text": "BELGAUM: Government officials, homemakers, a seer, doctor, waiter, farmer, businessmen, private employees and a professor were among those allotted 'G category' sites (CM's discretionary quota) in Bangalore, in violation of norms.While allotting G category sites, the BDA did not determine the merits of allotment, and sites were given to those who already owned a site or house.Even after the Karnataka high court stalled the allotment of these sites in 2011, the government approved 22 site allotments.At least 60% of the allottees were other than politicians, artistes and sportspersons. These are the observations of the CAG report tabled in the legislature on Wednesday.The CAG has come down heavily on successive chief ministers, the urban development department and BDA officials for irregularities and violations in the management of BDA sites, parks and assets. It suspected fraudulent practices in the allotment of sites.From 2007 to 2012, the BDA allotted 265 civic amenity (CA) sites, 541 corner and intermediate sites, 438 stray sites and 924 alternative sites. The case of CA sites is no different.Rule breaks and loss to govt10 persons who had declared they owned sites/houses were also given sites. Loss - Rs 9.84 croreIllegal allotment of four corner sites and 22 commercial sites. Loss - Rs 23.67 croreIrregular bulk allotment of 46 sites in October 2007. Loss - Rs 11.08 croreAllotment Committee irregularly allotted 34 alternative sites, while commissioner irregularly allotted another 11 alternative sites without the approval of Allotment Committee. Loss - Rs 36.83 croreCommissioner/secretary irregularly allotted alternative sites in 46 cases. Loss -- Rs 54.17 croreInstead of disposing by auction, Allotment Committee/commissioner allotted four commercial sites. Loss - Rs 2.98 crore18 CA sites not relinquished by private house building cooperative societies in favour of the BDA as of March 2012. BDA could have leased them out for 30 years and earned revenue. Loss - 16.29 crore.CA sites have to be leased only after notifying the public. BDA leased three CA sites directly to three institutions on the orders of the CM. In another case, it unjustifiably reduced the lease amount by a lessee by Rs 1.02 crore, though he was not eligible for concession.BDA reduced lease amount of a Trust from Rs 64.42 lakh to Rs 15 lakh as per the orders of the CM and adjusted Rs 49.42 lakh as donation, though there is no provision in the Act for making donations to a private Trust.Commissioner renewed lease of CA site 16 months in advance. Loss - Rs 7.89 crore.BDA did not renew lease of 71 CA sites, for a period ranging up to 32 years. Loss - Rs 7.89 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593373", "title": "Chinese paddlers best", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is no stopping the Chinese juggernaut as the Asian powerhouse once again stamped their authority by winning the boys and girls team championship in the Volkswagen 2012 World Junior Table Tennis Championship at the Gachibowli Indoor Stadium, on Wednesday.The girls' cruised to a 3-0 win over the Japanese and the boys, who are seeded third here, recorded a 3-1 win over top seeds Japan.Nine titles in 10 years shows that the rest of the world are still far behind the Chinese and there seems to be no ray of hope for the other nations.\"It's just a normal thing. It is normal for us to win titles and we had come here well prepared to defend our titles,\" said coach Han Hua in a matter of fact manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17591561", "title": "When the maestro's music mesmerized Hubli", "text": "DHARWAD: A pall of gloom descended on the music fraternity in Dharwad on Wednesday as news of sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar's passing away spread.Though Dharwad, the hub of Hindustani music, was not fortunate to host a live concert by Pandit Ravi Shankar , Hubli was lucky to have him twice, when he performed in 1954 and 1970.Baburao Hangal, son of doyen of Hindustani classical music Gangubai Hangal, recalls how Panditji had enthralled the audience with his mesmerizing performance. Panditji stayed in Gangubai's house for three days when he came for the concert at the Railway Institute by Hubli Art Circle in 1954.\"Noted tabla maestro Allah Rakha was also there with Panditji and both stayed in our house as Hubli did not have good hotels or lodges at that time. It was a memorable experience listening to the stalwarts of the musical world,\" says Baburao.It was again in 1970 that Panditji visited Hubli for a concert when Kishan Maharaj accompanied him on the tabla. Music giants Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, MS Subbulakshmi, Mallikarjun Mansur, Basavaraj Rajguru and Gangubai Hangal also performed on the occasion. Kathak maestro Birju Maharaj was there to enthrall dance lovers.Music connoisseur and president of Bharateeya Sangeeta Vidyalaya of Dharwad, Raghavendra Ayi, recalls Panditji's performance. \"It was a ticketed programme at New English School premises in Hubli. As we were students, I and two of my friends could not afford three tickets. So we bought one ticket and attended the three-hour programme taking turns, each listening to Panditji for an hour,'' he reminisces.Ayi remembers how Panditji was annoyed due to some disturbance during the concert. Sumati Madiman who was the MLA representing Dharwad rural constituency had invited the then chief minister of Mysore State Veerendra Patil. The CM arrived late with his supporters and this led to some chaos in the front row. An annoyed Panditji stopped playing and said he would not resume till things settled down. \"It was only after an apologetic Patil asked his people to be silent that the concert continued,\" says Ayi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17591191", "title": "Major fire in hosiery godown, Rs 1 crore worth items gutted", "text": "AJMER: A massive fire broke out in a four-storey godown of a hosiery firm at new Covendaspura in central Ajmer on Thursday. Altogether 24 fire tenders were pressed into service and took three hours to control to douse the flames. Goods worth nearly Rs one crore rupees gutted in the fire, the owner told police.Police said the incident happened early in the morning. Fire tenders were also called from Kishangargh and Beawer to control the fire. \"There could be more damage to nearby buildings had the fire not been controlled in time,\" said police. The godown belonged to one Vinod Bhojwani.Sources said there was a party in the godown on Wednesday during which somebody may have left a lighted cigarette causing the fire. \"It is surprising how the municipal corporation had permitted to open the godown in this area where the road is only 20 feet wide and the region is congested,\" a source said, adding that there was neither a fire escape nor equipment to control a fire in the godown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17593877", "title": "Charge-sheet filed in pipe bomb case", "text": "MADURAI: The special investigation team (SIT) probing the pipe bomb case, have filed a charge-sheet and have launched a hunt for three more accused involved in the case.It may be recalled that a powerful pipe bomb about five-feet in length, which was planted under a culvert was recovered minutes before senior BJP leader L K Advani, who was on a nationwide anti-corruption yatra in October 2011, was to have passed by that road. The bomb, which was found at Alampatti near Tirumangalam, 30 km from Madurai, was defused later and Advani was directed through a different route.Regarding this, police had registered a case under the Explosives Act and IPC Sections 120 (conspiracy) and 307 (attempt to murder).Police had said that about 10 kg of gelatine powder had been packed in two PVC pipes, bound together. The pipes had been linked to four detonators and 12 volts battery, with a 50 metre wire. The bomb was to be operated manually.Police had also seized a medical glove from the site and found the gelatine powder had been acquired in Nagercoil. Suspecting it to be the handiwork of naxalites , the police said the crude bomb was powerful enough to blow up the culvert.On Tuesday evening, the SIT filed the charge-sheet in connection with the case before the judicial magistrate court at Tirumangalam.Police have arrested three persons so far in connection with this case and are on the lookout for three more accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "17591967", "title": "Fair price shops protest cash subsidy", "text": "GONDIA: Kerosene and fair price shop from Gondia, under the auspices of all India Ration and Kerosene Dealers Organization, remained closed on Tuesday to join the countrywide agitation against various government policies, ticularly the decision to distribute cash subsidiary to customers under BPL.A dharna was staged in front of the tehsil office and a memorandum submitted to the tehsildar. The shop owners opposed the cash subsidy system and said that their commission has not been increased in the last 20 to 25 years despite tremendous hike in prices of all commodities and transport facilities.They demanded that not only sugar, kerosene, rice and wheat but all other grains, soap and oil should be also distributed through fair price shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata ", "code": "17592868", "title": "Contemporaries recall a great musician", "text": "KOLKATA : The 80 year old Buddhadeb Dasgupta, one of the seniormost sarod maestros today, disappointed Ravi Shankar when he decided to take up engineering and a service career thereafter instead of music. Panditji had spotted this 12-13 year old boy of his friend Prafulla Mohan Dasgupta, many years back, when he was an employee of the All India Radio in Delhi. \"Panditji actually asked my mother to hand me over to him so that he could introduce me to Baba Alauddin and be initiated into the Maihar gharana. He told my mother that I would do better to take up music full time,\" recounts Dasgupta.He was then a disciple of Pandit Radhika Mohan Moitra of the Senia Shahajanpuri gharana and though played rigorously, never wanted to take music up as a career. Buddhadeb went on to become a mechanical engineer and then took up a job at CESC , though he kept playing sarod passionately. \"My mother told Pandit Ravi Shankar that if I left my guru, he would be heart broken and that could not be allowed. Twenty years later, when Pandit Ravi Shankar listened to my music, he was very happy, but maintained that I would have done much better had I gone with him when I was a boy,\" Dasgupta reminisced as thoughts about Panditji crowded around him eversince he got to know that he was no more.To khayal and thumri queen, Girija Devi, the demise of Ravi Shankar was like the death of her own brother. Their association goes back to their earliest formative days in Benaras. \"It is because of our Benaras roots that we always behaved like brother and sister and while I called him Bhaiyya, I was behena to him. He would drop by in my Benaras home and I would in his Delhi house and every time I had to cook for him his favourite dishes,\" said Girija Devi in tears. Their personal bonding was so strong that, \"we never met as kalakaars. Infact, music often remained at the periphery in our relationship. Even when he would sit in the audience at a conference where I performed, he would cheer me and openly request me to sing toppas. It is a relationship that goes back to 1952, so you can imagine my loss.\"It was Pandit Ravishankar who introduced Indian classicial music to the west, says Pandit Vijay Kichlu. It was solely due to his efforts that the west discovered Indian music and started appreciating it, Kichlu felt. \"While this will remain one of his biggest contributions, there is something which people tend to miss out. And that is perhaps even more significant than his other big contribution. It was Panditji who brought the maiharbaj style into sitar. While Aalauddin Khan was a great exponent of the style and later Ali Akbar Khan successfully adopted it in sarod, Ravishankar could weave magic with the sitar through maiharbaj,\" he said.To vocalist and guru Muskur Ali Khan, Panditji was more like an uncle and guardian than anything else. \"My father, Ustad Sakoor Khan, was such a favourite of Chachaji (Ravi Shankar) that he was called to Delhi and given a job in the All India radio. Chachaji and my father toured the whole of Europe together and became very close. Our family shifted base to Dehi and there as a young boy I received his patronage that continued till his last day,\" Khan recounted. As a young boy he would often accompany his father to Panditji's adda at the Monga Saab Hotel where hours would be spent over pandit ji's favourite omlettes and half friend eggs. \"Chachaji encouraged me to sing and found me good enough to be called Muskur Mian, despite the fact that I was so young\" he added.To vocalist Ulhas Kashalkar, the loss is irrepairable. \"There is no one who could present his raagas in such a pure fashion. Keeping the purity intact he also knew how to make his presentation attractive to the audience. This is a rare combination that should be imbibed by every performing musician. Despite the fact that I was so young, Panditji paid a lot of attention towards me. He even invited me to perform at the Ravi Shankar School of Music in Delhi. In San Diego , US when I performed, Panditji actually came an hour before the programme just to chat with me about India and the olden times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595565", "title": "Superstar Rajni in CBSE books!", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth, celebrated his 62nd birthday yesterday and he received wishes from all quarters and corners of the world. His achivements in the cine field has been phenomenal and his life is a true rags to riches story that would inspire people to work hard and live life positively.Citing this the latest is that a chapter on the Superstar titled 'From Bus Conductor to Superstar', has been included in the Learning to Communicate (Coursebook 6), for CBSE students! This chapter comes under the unit, 'Dignity of Work', and is from the perspective of Bahadur, Rajni's close friend, and the driver of the bus, Rajni was a conductor in!This chapter is aimed at inspiring children across the country! The star's fans have another reason to celebrate! While the children are already a great fan of Rajinikanth and now they would be learning about him in schools as well.It would be interesting to see if the teachers teach the students or the students would know more about the Superstar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17595842", "title": "40 Indian fishermen return home after their release by Sri Lankan Navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Forty Indian fishermen detained by Sri Lankan Navy on December 3 off Nagapattinam and Karaikal coasts have arrived here after their release by authorities in the island nation.The fishermen arrived here on Wednesday evening, officials said. The detention of the 40 fishermen had prompted chief minister Jayalalithaa to shoot off a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on December 5, seeking his intervention to urge Colombo to immediately release them.She had said such \"harassment\" had become a regular occurrence and that the Lankan Navy's action would only escalate the tensions between the two countries and cause unrest and anxiety among the fishermen community.Meanwhile, in another incident, 272 fishermen who put out to sea in 68 boats on Wednesday were intercepted near Katchathivu islet by the Sri Lankan Navy, the sources, said adding the naval personnel fired in the air and cut their fishing nets. The fishermen then returned ashore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591148", "title": "2 girls go missing from NGO-run school", "text": "JAIPUR: Two girls studying in an NGO school being run in the premises of a private school situated near JLN Marg went missing since Tuesday afternoon. The parents of the girls lodged a missing complaint at the Bajaj Nagar police station late on Tuesday night. However, the girls could not be traced till Wednesday evening.After a 9-year-old girl went missing and was found dead almost a week ago, senior officers of Jaipur commissionerate have asked the concerned police station to collect concrete information and find the missing girls.\"The girls, Deepika (14) and Shurti (10), were studying in class fifth of Akshar, an NGO-run school which provides education to the poor children. On Tuesday afternoon, we were informed about the incident after which various teams were sent to public places and other areas including shopping malls and cinema halls to trace the girls,\" said Suresh Kumar , circle inspector, Bajaj Nagar police station.Police have increased surveillance at all the public places including the central bus stand and Jaipur railway station.Quoting the missing report filed by the parents of the girls, the officer said, \"The girls as usual went to the school on Tuesday but did not return. Their fellow students told the police that both the girls had came to the school but did not attend classes. That's when the school authorities intimated the parents.\"Parents of the girls are shattered after the incident.According to the police, Deepika used to come to the school in an auto-rickshaw while Shruti commuted by bus.\"We have questioned the auto-rickshaw driver, school management and staff and are trying our best to find the girls,\" a senior officer said.Police have also taken the call records of the cell phone of Deepika that they got from her parents. \"Hopefully we will find something from the call records. Passport size photographs of the girls have also been sent to various police stations across the city,\" the officer added.Senior officers of the commissionerate have threatened their subordinates with stern action if the girls are not traced soon.\"We have asked our men to find the girls as soon as possible. A team is on the job of questioning the staff members and the people in the locality where the girls use to stay,\" a senior officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591760", "title": "Three youths killed as car crashes into truck at Karla", "text": "PUNE: Three youths from Ambernath in Thane district were killed on the spot and three others sustained severe injuries when the car they were travelling in crashed into a stationary truck at Karla on the Pune-Mumbai highway on Wednesday evening.The Lonavla (rural) police have identified the deceased as Nitin Sagar Thanage (23), Jitendra Balaram Bhoir (24) and Shailesh Sharad Kulkarni (24), while the injured have been identified as Santosh Yadav , Santosh Bhoir and Vikas Bhoir.Sub-inspector Kailas Deshmane told TOI that the accident took place around 6.30 pm, when the youths were returning to Ambernath after offering prayers at the Ekvira temple in Karla.Deshmane said that Bhoir, Thanage and Kulkarni died on the spot. Their bodies were stuck inside the car. \"The three injured were also stuck inside the car. The police and the local people removed them and rushed them to a nearby hospital.\"The sub-inspector told that the driver of the truck had parked the vehicle near a petrol pump after it had developed some technical fault. \"The driver of the car did not notice the truck and crashed into it. We will book the truck driver for negligent driving.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17593807", "title": "Corporation works with Manila firm on projects", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has sought the support of Manila based Cities Development Initiatives for Asia (CDIA), an urban development specialist organisation, as consultants to study the financial feasibility of major infrastructure projects including its 2X 7 water supply scheme and energy from waste projects that are expected to be cleared and executed in the city in the coming days. The city corporation is already involved with experts from CDIA in preparing its new (CDP).\"Coimbatore Municipal Corporation has consulted us in connection with the financial feasibility and facilitation for its two major projects, the 24 hour water supply scheme and the generation of energy from wastes,\" said Hajo Junge, Senior Urban Governance Specialist, Cities Development Initiative for Asia.City Mayor SM Velusamy also added that the experts from CDIA were collaborating with the corporation in identifying financial feasibility and facilitating funds for its major projects. Balakrishnan Elangovan, Seniro Programme Manager of CDIA also added that Mass Urban Transport projects will be given more prominence in the revised City Development Plan which is being prepared in consultation with corporation officials.The corporation has already forwarded a detailed project report for the 24 X &amp; water supply project and is waiting for government approval. Corporation Commissioner TK Ponnusamy said that 24 X&amp; water supply project is expected to be included in the second phase of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission after the civic body completes the first phase projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591788", "title": "Tribal affairs minister Deo against dilution of Forest Rights Act rules", "text": "NEW DELHI: Any dilution of the rules under the Forest Rights Act, 2006, as being contemplated at the highest levels of the government, could lead to adverse impact in the ongoing Supreme Court case on UPA's decision to cancel the bauxite mining rights for Vedanta in Odisha, tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo has warned.Deo has written a second letter to environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan demanding that her ministry's order of August 2009, bringing forest clearances in line with the FRA, should be adhered to strictly and not tampered with. He said the order was necessary to follow the FRA in spirit and letter.He also noted that withdrawing or diluting the order would jeopardize the government's case for cancelling Vedanta's mining rights in Nyamgiri Hills - a move that Rahul Gandhi had championed. The company has challenged the cancellation in the Supreme Court and the case is at an advanced stage.Sources in the government said Deo also informed Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of his views on the environment ministry order that has become the target of infrastructure ministries, forest officials as well as higher echelons of the government.The order requires that development projects not be allowed to cut down forests until the rights of tribals and other traditional forest dwellers are settled. It demands a mandatory consent from the affected tribals at the gram sabha level before transferring lands for projects.The order has been honoured more in its breach since it was passed. But now, several quarters in the government have pushed to officially dilute it or completely do away with it.It was for violating this order, besides other facts, that then environment minister Jairam Ramesh cancelled Vedanta's mining permit in Odisha.Deo wrote, \"This order is extremely significant and I write to request you to ensure that it is upheld as it is an absolute requirement in order to ensure that takeover of forestland in this country is done in accordance with law. There are proceedings pending in the SC in regard to the proposed mine by Sterlite/Vedanta... where parties seek to argue that they can bypass, ignore or undermine the FRA. Any dilution of the above mentioned circular of 2009 will have an adverse impact on the Vedanta case which is sub-judice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591335", "title": "Garbage tender hearing adjourned", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Justice N Kumar on Wednesday adjourned to January 3 the hearing of a batch of petitions challenging the new garbage tenders floated by the BBMP.The bench directed the BBMP to serve the copies of the petitions on the new garbage contractors who are made as a party in the petitions while indicating that it would not hesitate to stay the tender if any mischief is done in the process.\"The public are interested in their city to be clean and their neighbourhood to be clean,\" the bench observed.Meanwhile, BVG India Private Limited, who have been given the responsibility of Yelahanka ward, informed the court that some vested interests have made attempts to damage their equipment.\"We have the technology, equipment, money and people to do the job. We are not fly-by-night operators. There is an apprehension that people may lose their jobs. But we are ready to take these people,\" the counsel for the company said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596525", "title": "Trader beaten to death following a minor accident", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 52-year-old businessman from Civil City was mercilessly beaten to death following a minor accident outside a marriage palace in Hargobind Nagar on Wednesday evening. Police registered a case against 12 accused, of which four were arrested.Ashok Kumar , who owned a garment shop near Samrala Chowk, was riding pillion with his brother Sunil, holding a bundle of garments. When they reached near the Hargobind Nagar marriage palace, a woman carrying a baby was hit by the bundle being carried by Ashok. Though the woman did not receive any major injury and got up on her feet soon after the fall, a large number of people, most of them from the groom's side and visiting from Chandigarh, started beating Sunil. The incident turned ugly when Sunil ran for his life, leaving Ashok behind to receive the blows of the crowd, who was beaten until he fell unconscious.The people from the locality gathered on the spot and took Ashok to Christian Medical College and Hospital, where he was declared brought dead. The deceased is survived by three children and wife. His family, gathered at CMCH, expressed their anger and pain on the unreasonable death of Ashok. A complaint was registered at Division no. 6 police station. \"We have booked 12 people. Four of them, identified as Manga Masih of GT Road, Beas, Amritsar; Amandeep Hans and Abhishek of Isa Nagari and Ashish Masih of Mani Majra, Chandigarh, have been arrested and the others are being searched for,\" said division No. 6 SHO Randhir Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595451", "title": "Raakhee took sitar lessons from Pandit Ravi Shankar!", "text": "Believe it or not, Raakhee Gulzar spent weeks learning how to play the Sitar from the maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar himself.Listen to the best of Ravi Shankar on gaana.comIt was for her role of the unfulfilled housewife in Aparna Sen's Paroma. Recalling the glorious time she had strumming those magical strings under the guidance of the master sitarist Raakhee says, \"There were scenes in Paroma where my character was shown to be playing the sitar. Neither Aparna nor I wanted to fake it. Pandit Ravi Shankar was requested to give me sitar lessons.\"What was meant to be just a surface-level tips on rudimentary rules of managing the instrument turned out to be full-fledged lessons in sitar-playing.Recalls Raakheeji, \"Initially I was afraid the strings would cut my fingers. But once I started practising on the sitar, all my fears evaporated. Panditji first taught me how to hold the sitar properly before playing it. Then when we got down to the strings I realized Panditji's strings on the sitar were positioned exactly in the opposite way to Ustad Vilayat Khan's sitar. Having gotten a hand of the strings, Panditji composed a dhun for me to play on the sitar. He hummed it out for me instead of playing it on the sitar.\"The veteran actress hums the tune that Pandit Ravi Shankar composed for the sitar. \"After I learnt the dhun I began to learn to play it on the sitar. Finally I looked convincing playing the instrument. Panditji was a lovely teacher. He was softspoken and patient. He would often stop midway during our lessons for a paan and then continue.\"The sitar lessons took place in Mumbai. Then the sitar was transported to Kolkata for the shooting.After that Raakheeji never returned to the instrument. \"I brought my sitar back to Mumbai. It was kept safely in my home. At least I thought it was safe. But one day my daughter Bosky (Meghna Gulzar) broke its base. That was the end of my tryst with the sitar. But I got a lot of praise from even the fastidious Bengali community for how I played the sitar in Paroma . The credit goes to Pandit Ravi Shankar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592571", "title": "Bihar's sikki grass crafts to be showcased at Rajpath", "text": "PATNA: The crafts made of 'sikki' grass, a product of the Mithila region, will be displayed as a theme of Bihar tableau during the Republic Day parade at Rajpath in New Delhi next year. At least 20-25 people, working under designer RS Bhatnagar &amp; Sons, are busy giving finishing touches to the crafts.A special two-minute music has also been composed exclusively for the tableau.Disgner PK Bhatnagar, while talking to TOI over the phone from New Delhi, said, \"The total cost of the project will be Rs 17 lakh. More than half a dozen artists from Darbhanga will display their work.\"Sources said initially there were more than 50 tableaus but the selection committee picked up only 19 of them from 14 states for display at Rajpath.\"The proposal to select this craft as the theme for Bihar's tableau on Republic Day was accepted recently by the selection committee of the ministry of defence ,\" said information and public relations department (IPRD) director of Bihar, Durgesh Nandan.Sikki is a kind of a grass-like weed that grows on the banks of river. The weeds, collected by village women, are put under the Sun to get dried. Thereafter the dried weeds twisted into ropes which can be mould into any shape like baskets, bags, hats and even intricate animal, bird and human figures.These ropes are then made into baskets and other such items of great beauty. In order to strengthen the baskets, the artisans use strands of the same sikki grasses. Sikki craft of Bihar are extremely environment friendly and exclusive and are loved by one and all. The artisans have also updated themselves to create various utilitarian objects like coasters and tablewares.Last year, the state government had adopted the theme, Forest daughters of Dharhara', for its tableau at the Republic Day parade in New Delhi. Dharhara, a small village under Gopalpur block in Bhagalpur district, shot into limelight in 2010 for its unique tradition where villagers plant a minimum of 10 fruit-bearing trees whenever a girl child is born.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592269", "title": "Prisoner attempts suicide as family refuses to visit him", "text": "COIMBATORE: A remand prisoner climbed on to the roof of a building at Coimbatore central prison on Wednesday evening and threatened to commit suicide.Prison officials were able to pacify him within an hour, and get him to come down. They said that his family had not visited him in three months and thus he was frustrated. Officials have contacted his family and requested them to pay him a visit.Moideen, 28, from Periyar Nagar in Saibaba Colony was arrested on September 3 in connection with a theft case.Prison officials said he was involved in various theft cases and was often lodged in prison. His family is frustrated with his irresponsible ways and has stopped visiting him.Around 3 pm on Wednesday, he climbed on the roof of the fourth block and threatened to commit suicide. When prison officials asked him why, he said he wanted to meet with his family. When they assured him that they would contact his family and ask them to visit, he climbed down from the roof.However, prison superintendent S Rajendran denied that the remand prisoner climbed on the roof of the building. He only made an attempt to do so. The prison warders had stopped him in time and lodged him back in his cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592684", "title": "Woman held at knifepoint, gold worth 3 lakh stolen", "text": "CHENNAI: When four men knocked at her door on Tuesday night seeking a donation for a temple festival, Shanthi of Otteri thought the best way to send them away would be to say her husband wasn't at home. This, the 42-year-old woman found to her horror, emboldened the men who barged in and stole 12 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth more than 3 lakh and few other valuables.Police said Shanthi, whose husband Kamaraj was a real estate agent, was watching television along with her children Bhavani, 12, and Manikandan, 15, when the door bell rang around 8.30pm. She opened the door and found four men on the door step. Three wore caps that hid their faces, while the fourth had masked his face with a handkerchief, the woman later told police.They said they had come to seek a donation from her husband. Shanthi asked them to return the next morning as her husband would return home late. The four then barged in, pushing her aside. Brandishing a knife at Shanti's daughter Bhavani, the gang locked the three family members in a room before escaping with their gold jewellery, police said.\"The family kept the jewellery in side a bag in a cupboard,\" said an investigating officer. The gang spent at least one hour and took away 4,000 in cash, two cellphones and two DVD players, the officer said.The three family members, who were locked up, kept shouting for almost 45 minutes but the neighbours did not hear any sound, police said.At 10pm, Karunakaran, the house owner who was staying on the first floor of the two-storey building came down after hearing an unusual noise but returned back as he found the doors open. There were seven tenants in the building. A little later Karunakaran heard a lound bang and rushed down. He heard the trio knocking on the door from inside.He freed them and called up Shanthi's husband Kamaraj who lodged a complaint with Otteri police.Based on Shanthi's account, police said the gang members appeared to be in their 20s and 30s.The family had taken the house on rent four months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593452", "title": "Non-political groups seek invite to Telangana meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wanting their voice to be heard at an official forum on the division of the state, non-political stakeholders including Samiakyandhra Samrakshana Samithi (SMS) and Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) have demanded Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde that they also be invited to the all-party meeting on Telangana to be held in Delhi on December 28. The Union home ministry has invited nine political parties in the state to the meeting.On Wednesday, the SMS said if it failed to get an invite, then it would not respect the outcome of the meeting. The leaders of SMS also urged the Union government to invite all the social organizations including T-JAC, Samaikyandhra Political Joint Action Committee (S-JAC) to the meeting. \"The division or unification of the state is not a patented issue of the political parties. There are many stakeholders and their voice must also be heard in the all-party meeting. We demand the activists from both Seemandhra and Telangana be invited. If it is otherwise, we will boycott the outcome of the meeting as it would have no sanctity,\" said Narahirisetty Srihari, president of SMS.Srihari said his organisation wanted the all-party meeting be put off in view of the World Telugu Conference ( WTC) to be held between December 27 and 29 in Tirupati. And SMS would take out separate padayatra across the state urging the Centre to include non-political stakeholders in the list of invitees to the meeting after it is re-scheduled.In a measured response, T-JAC too demanded for its representation in the all-party meeting. But, it said it was against the postponement of the meeting. \"It is obvious that T-JAC must be invited to the meeting, if they want to elicit a broad-based opinion on the division of the state,\" said Katti Venkataswamy, spokesperson of T-JAC.As T-JAC has fixed December 26 as the deadline for the political parties to come clear on Telangana in public, Katti Venkataswamy said Telangana activists would launch a massive agitation against those parties defaulting the deadline. \"The political parties must express their stand on Telanagana on or before December 26. And the representatives of the respective parties must express only that opinion made public, in the all-party meeting,\" said Venkataswamy.Endorsing the views of SMS, Eluru Congress MP Kavuri Samabasiva Rao said the all-party meeting would be meaningless without the involvement of all the stakeholders. Although he found no necessity of the all-party meeting, as Sri Krishna Commission had already given the report based on opinion of all the stakeholders, Kavuri said it was desired to call everyone if at all the government wanted re-start the process afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596480", "title": "CBI court rejects fodder scam plea against Bihar CM", "text": "RANCHI: A special CBI court on Wednesday rejected a petition that seeks to include Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and senior Janata Dal (United) spokesperson Shivanand Tiwary in the multi-crore fodder scam.Petitioner Mithlesh Kumar has requested the court to make Kumar and Tiwary the accused in the scam that has rocked united Bihar in 1990s. A number of senior politicians, including former chief ministers Lalu Prasad and Jaggannath Mishra, are accused in the scam worth around Rs 900 crore.\"The court rejected the petition as the CBI did not support the case. I am sure that had the CBI supported my petition with evidence, the court would have accepted the plea,\" said Kumar.Sources in the CBI said there was no reason for supporting the petition as most of the cases had been disposed of by special courts and the reaming few were in the final stage. \"If the petitioner was really serious and had evidence against Kumar and Tiwary, he would have lodged a petition in the beginning,\" said a source.The CBI had filed a total of 53 cases in connection with the scam of which more than 40 cases have been disposed by the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17592550", "title": "80,000 people/sq km even in plush towers", "text": "That Mumbaikars are forced to live cheek-by-jowl was re-emphasized when the Census revealed the city packed more than 20,000 persons per square km. The experience of life in aamchi Mumbai might be worse when actual living or working space are factored in, pointed out a project undertaken by travelling urban think tank BMW Guggenheim Lab.Shanghai-based architect Neville Mars of the Lab set out to study congestion and found that even plush highrises in Mumbai could have a stacked population index as high as 80,000 people per sq km. Slum pockets could be twice as congested with as many as two lakh people in the same space. The index was computed as a ratio of population density to FSI index of area clusters.\"This could mean that people have as little as 0.4 square metre per person in certain slums while those in highrises might enjoy as much as 57.5 square metre per person,\" said Mars, adding that the disparity and spatial split of the city could no longer be ignored. He hoped the index would inform policymakers about the need to factor in the organic growth of slums in urban planning.The findings have come at a pertinent time given that the civic corporation is in the process of drawing up a new development plan for Mumbai.The index studied different typologies, including residential buildings and slums, industrial clusters, offices and mixed used areas (see box). They mapped the city through Google Earth and sliced neighbourhoods into a matrix of 500 metres by 500 metres, which were then analyzed for their average occupancy. Even middle-class housing colonies showed up a density of 40,000 persons per square kilometre. Workplaces aren't any better off with offices and warehouses showing an SPI of 30,000 persons per square kilometre.Saying the index was a new way of looking at urban dynamics, demographer D P Singh of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences said it once again underscored the need to decongest Mumbai. \"Both the Census findings or the new index, which looks at population density in formal and informal settlements indicate that decongesting Mumbai is the need of the hour. That is the only way we can assure the mass of our citizens better living conditions in terms of housing, water and sanitation systems.\"Urban policy and governance expert Amita Bhide said the issue of congestion could be looked at through several dimensions. It could be looked at either in terms of private spaces, which include homes or offices and public spaces such as roads, parks, parking amenities and even burial and cremation grounds. \"Somehow, slum redevelopment or luxury construction have brought a lot of attention to congestion in private spaces,\" said Bhide, pointing out that the city would pay a tremendous price for ignoring its public spaces. \"The city's capacity to absorb or accommodate people is being tested to its limits,\" she said, hitting at the crux of the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592337", "title": "Bus fares set to go up", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana cabinet on Wednesday approved the proposal to enhance the basic fare of ordinary buses by 10 paise per km, while the fare for other categories will also be enhanced proportionately.The cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda approved the proposal of the Transport Department to enhance the basic bus fare of ordinary buses by 10 paise per kilometre in view of increase in the rate of diesel, expenditure on staff, spare parts like tyre-tubes and premium of insurance of buses. At present, the basic bus fare of ordinary buses is 50 paise per kilometre, which has been raised to 60 paise per kilometre. The bus fare for other categories will also be enhanced proportionately. After revision of this fare, the chargeable bus fare in Haryana will be 75 paise per km including 25 per cent passenger tax of basic fare.Even after the revision, the bus fare in Haryana will remain less than those in the neighbouring states like Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Delhi, Hooda said.The bus fares have been hiked by the government after a period of two years. Due to this enhancement, Haryana Roadways will be able to reduce its losses to some extent, %he said.When asked to comment about his proposed visit to Bhutan later this month, Hooda said that he was going to discuss about setting up of a hydel project there. In reply to a question concerning his directions to the deputy commissioners who hold night camps in rural areas, Hooda said that such camps proved beneficial in acquainting them with the ground realities and infuse a sense of trust among the people. The state government has also announced reduction in the rate of rural development fee on fruits and vegetables to one per cent from two per cent. It would be effective from September 1, 2012, by issuing an ordinance as the assembly is not in session.The cabinet also approved the proposal to constitute the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) as per provisions in the Commissions for Protection of Child Rights Act-2005. Its headquarters will be Chandigarh or Panchkula.Soon, amnesty scheme for power bill defaultersThe cabinet also gave ex post facto approval to the proposal of the power department to re-launch the scheme for settlement of pending electricity bills of rural, domestic and agricultural categories of consumers in rural areas.According to the original scheme which was applicable for rural domestic and agricultural consumers, the defaulting consumers were required to deposit their current bills with effect from June 17, 2005 for 20 months /10 billing cycles regularly, then their defaulting amount prior to June 17, 2005 was to be waived.Keeping in view the response of the consumers, the scheme was re-launched for three months with effect from August 1, 2012 which has now been extended upto March 31, 2013.According to the present proposal, rural domestic and agricultural defaulting consumers who could not participate in original scheme were required to pay their current bills issued after June 16, 2005 without surcharge in one go.On payment of current bills issued after June 16, 2005, the total amount outstanding prior to June 16, 2005 and surcharge levied thereafter were to be waived off. The cabinet also approved the proposal to provide subsidy to the power utilities for the waived amount under this re-launched scheme to avoid the hike in tariff for all other categories of consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17592036", "title": "Death, life and justice in the end", "text": "Conducting a caesarean section on a dead woman to rescue a baby in the womb must be one of the toughest trials for the gynecologist. But covering the story was an acid test for me on January 1, 2011, as I tried to portray in contrast the brutal husband who beat up the pregnant woman, and the baby's miraculous survival. However, a bigger twist in the tale came at the fag end of the year. The baby's father was burned alive by some criminals on December 4, sending me rushing back to the same locality once again.It was a normal call from a source, alerting me to a woman's family members at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) mortuary, where I was a regular visitor as a crime reporter. They wanted to meet some scribes to ensure the cruel treatment meted out to the victim was exposed and the husband punished.I was told that 22-year-old Sarika Mogre died of complications after being kicked by husband Rajesh even though she was in advanced stage of pregnancy. Rajesh had also been torturing Sarika for dowry since their marriage in 2010. While voicing their grievances, one of the kin happened to thank the Almighty for saving the child in her womb.The statement gave me the goose bumps, since I had presumed the baby died in the mother's womb. Sensing a strange, dramatic story, I rushed to get details at Dande Hospital in Ravi Nagar, where luckily I knew the doctors quite well.Dr Seema Dande said Sarika was declared brought dead at 12.15pm, but an alert doctor noticed the baby's heart was beating. The baby was delivered at 12.40pm. Dr Seema said the baby boy weighing 2.5kg had a fair chance of survival. \"It was a rarest of rare case,\" said Dr Seema, \"Generally, babies die within minutes of a mother's death.\"The toughest part of the story was writing it. It was a challenge to narrate the medical providence with technical details. I convinced Dr Seema, busy with other media persons, to spare time to explain the medical terms. The story turned out to be a heady cocktail of everything that makes up life.Unknown to everyone, though, the biggest twist in the tale was yet to come. On December 4, I got information about a man burned alive after a quarrel among neighbours. I soon realized the victim was none other than Rajesh, the father of the miracle baby. Before the year turned, he had to go too.(Soumittra S Bose loves to get some emotions into the cut and dry crimes he usually covers)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17592111", "title": "Kalindi Kunj bridge repair postponed", "text": "NOIDA: Closure of the Kalindi Kunj Bridge, linking south Delhi with Noida, for two months of repair work has been delayed by a week as Delhi Traffic Police is still not ready to deal with diversions and unprecedented jams expected in its wake. Noida traffic police is in talks with their Delhi counterparts and a new date will soon be notified.Noida traffic cops said, \"Senior Delhi Traffic Police officers are unavailable till December 15. We'll meet them after that to review and determine how to deal with traffic congestion while the bridge is being repaired,\" said MP Singh, SP (Traffic), Gautam Budh Nagar. \"In the meantime, we will prepare ourselves for managing traffic when the Noida-Delhi section of the bridge will be closed,\" Singh added.Uttar Pradesh irrigation department officials, while confirming the delay in repair work, said the postponement would not be beyond a week. \"Delhi Traffic Police need to put into place several measures to deal with traffic gridlocks and route diversions. They have conveyed to us that at least another week is needed to implement measures to avoid chaos,\" said RS Yadav, executive engineer, head works, UP irrigation.Starting December 15, both carriageways of the road were to be shut for a month each in turns.According to the plan, the Delhi-Noida stretch was to be closed first and the two-lane carriageway was to be restricted to single-carriageway travel for a month from December 15 to January 14.Similarly no traffic was to be allowed on the opposite carriageway (from Noida to Delhi) from January 15 to February 14. Traffic will be diverted through DND and Nizamuddin Bridge and this means a detour of 20-30km for commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592697", "title": "First woman with doctorate from Madras University remembered", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when a girl clearing her SSLC exam was considered a big achievement, Sarada Raju in 1938 became the first woman to be awarded a PhD in Economics from the University of Madras.The Sarada Raju birth centenary celebrations were organised in the city on Wednesday by her family members by bringing out a third reprint of her book based on the doctoral thesis \"Economic conditions in the Madras presidency: 1800-1850\". There has been high demand for the book from scholars and students. It was first published by the university in 1941 and subsequently by Sarada herself in 1988.P Nagabhooshanam, founder vice-chancellor of Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law University, noted that Sarada became an icon of sorts then when she earned her PhD.She said the book was a good analysis of how the interests of the Madras presidency took a back seat, while the interests of the Bengal Presidency were promoted by the British. M Naganathan, former vice chairman of the state planning commission, hailed Sarada's book saying it had explored the systematic impoverishment of India and enrichment of Britain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593102", "title": "Govt workers voice demands", "text": "KOLKATA: The Intuc-affiliated Confederation of State Government Employees and Secretariat Employees Federation (West Bengal) submitted a memorandum to the chief secretary on Wednesday with their demands of clearing the 27% DA arrears among other issues.They also demonstrated at the Writers' Buildings for half an hour to voice their grievances.Federation secretary Sanket Chakraborti alleged that the chief secretary refused to meet them in person. \"Illegal paperless chit funds are looming large in the Writers' and many employees have lost all their savings because of it,\" he alleged.The members held a protest demonstration inside Writers' Buildings for about 30 minutes to air their grievances.Secretariat Employees Federation (West Bengal) general secretary Sanket Chakraborti alleged that the chief secretary refused to receive their memorandum. \"Illegal paperless chit fund is looming large in Writers. Many state government employees have lost their all by falling prey to these chit funds,\" he alleged.The federation wants immediate release of 27% DA to all state government employees and arrest of all who are accused in the chit fund cases and responsible for the financial misery of the employees and also wants the government to revoke of all the alleged transfer orders which do not follow the 'transfer on promotion policy'.The confederation of employees have demanded to pass a permanent order of DA according to the central government, implementation of cashless health scheme and promotion of qualified Group-D employees and also the impartial implementation of transfer policy framed for the secretariat staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17593901", "title": "Shift Ambedkar statue within 15 days: Karnataka high court", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday directed the state government to shift the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar within 15 days.Passing the order on advocate AV Amaranathan's PIL, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen said the statue must be temporarily relocated to a proper place within the Vidhana Soudha premises.The bench said in its order: \"There can be no cavil that if public interest requiring temporary removal of a statue, regardless of whose it is, the government should not shirk from doing so. The statues of Jawaharalal Nehru and Subhash Chandra Bose were shifted whereas that of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar remained.\"Meanwhile, work of the Metro is being delayed. Certainly, the presence of the statue at its present location may endanger the statue itself.\"Therefore, we allow the petition directing the state government to remove the statue within 15 days and ensure that while doing so no damage is caused to the statue and that it is relocated temporarily and otherwise at a proper site in the vicinity of Vidhana Soudha itself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592260", "title": "Teacher dies in road mishap", "text": "GURGAON: A 36-year-old lady teacher was killed on Wednesday when a tractor rammed into victim's scooter. A girl student also got hurt in the accident.The incident took place near the office of Anand gas service in Rajendra park area on late on Wednesday evening. The teacher Dayawati and student Manju, residents of Daultabad village were going towards their village on a Honda Activa scooter from Gurgaon after coaching class.Locals rushed them to a nearby hospital where doctor declared Dayawati as brought dead and while Manju was admitted in civil hospital for further treatment. \"We have lodged an FIR of negligence against the driver\", said sub inspector Vijendra singh, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596365", "title": "A2Z cleanliness drive a failure", "text": "RANCHI: The utter failure of a 10-day cleanliness drive launched by A2Z Waste Management Company became evident on Tuesday after the sudden daylong rain choked drains and flooded the city's streets. After many complaints from the public about the city being filthy after Chhath festival, A2Z had started a 10-day special cleanliness drive from Decemeber 1 and claimed that the city will be kept clean henceforth. The sudden rain in the city, however, exposed the sheer failure of the drive.Sanjay Gupta, a resident of Indrapuri on Ratu Road, said: \"Walking out in the our colony was extremely difficult as we had to wade through ankle-deep drain water. Even two-wheeler riders were facing problems navigating the streets and people walking on roads were being splashed by water as any vehicle passed.\" Morhabadi resident Bipin Kumar said: \"A2Z employees have seen working in our colony, but I don't know what they have done in all these days. The drains have started overflowing with the slightest rain.\"A2Z public relations officer Ashish Saurabh said: \"I accept that the city has not been clean even after the drive. We had a meeting with Gopalji Tiwari, deputy CEO of Ranchi Municipal Corporation, on Tuesday and he gave us instructions on how to keep the city free of filth. We will be extending the cleanliness drive until the roads and drains of the city are completely clean.\"Tiwari has directed health officers to impose fine on people throwing garbage in drains. Tiwari said: \"The drains in the city overflow as they are choked due to people throwing garbage and plastic waste in them. People are not concerned about the rules and that has forced me to order health officers to collect fines up to Rs 5000 from those seen throwing garbage in drains. I have also instructed A2Z Waste Management Company to clean the drains as soon as possible.\"Meanwhile, people of city are predicting tougher times ahead as the IMD has predicted rainfall for three more days. Sanjeev Kumar of Harmu Housing Colony said: \"The drains couldn't handle just one day of rain. I don't now how we will be able to commute if the showers continue for three more days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17592454", "title": "Ice and fog spell air travel chaos in UK", "text": "LONDON: Airports across UK including Europe's busiest, Heathrow, have been forced to cancel dozens of flights as ice and thick fog descended on the country overnight.Heathrow Airport had around 60 cancellations affecting incoming and outgoing flights throughout the day, as well as many more delays, its website said.The airport, the busiest in the European Union in terms of passenger traffic, began reporting flight cancellations on Tuesday night and has cancelled more on Wednesday morning.A spokesman said, \"It's better to cancel flights when there's fog because in fog you can't land as many planes per hour as you have to leave more space between the planes.\" The spokesman added that cancelling in advance helped airlines accommodate passengers on other flights.Cancelled flights included scheduled trips to Warsaw, Nice, Stockholm, Aberdeen and several German cities.London City Airport also cancelled six early morning flights to European cities, including Edinburgh, and reported a number of delays on its arrivals board. A message on its Twitter page said, \"Visibility has not improved, flight disruptions are present and expected to continue until further notice. Please call your airline for info.\"There are also warnings for road users. The mercury plummeted to -10\u00c2\u00b0C in Tulloch, Scotland, while Chesham in Buckinghamshire endured temperatures as low as -8.7\u00c2\u00b0C overnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592317", "title": "All over in 1 min, 27 seconds", "text": "GURGAON: The shooting in the ICU room of a private hospital on Khandsa Road lasted just 1 minute and 27 seconds, within which the attackers came, did their job and fled the hospital. The main accused, who had entered the hospital with a pistol, was identified by police as Basant Fauji, member of a rival group. A senior police officer said that Basant Fauji had fired at the victim in the ICU.As per the CCTV footage of Sunrise, a multi-speciality hospital, located on Khandsa Road near Sector 10, the three victims, Joginder, Satbir and Shivraj, who were already taking treatment in the ICU. The footage, now in the custody of police (a copy is with TOI), shows that the armed attackers barged into the ICU of the hospital around 3.28.44pm. At first a nurse is seen going towards the injured elederly man covered in a white cloth. Within a short while, eight to 10 more armed people come over led by a man who wearing a white shirt and black trousers and brandishing a pistol. Basant Fauji, who opened fire on the victim, is the brother of Manoj alias Aalu, who retired from the Indian army about five months ago, according to a senior police officer.Meanwhile, in the front is seen a youth, who appears to be 30 or 34 years old, is seen shouting and entering with a pistol in his hand. A heated argument breaks out between the already injured patients and the armed attackers and then bullets are sprayed on the patients, when CCTV image becomes blurred.After this, around 3.29.11pm, there is a stampede in the ICU, and the nurse and other staff members of the hospital run out of the ICU. The armed attackers leave the ICU at 3.29.52pm, but the main accused, wearing a white shirt and black trousers, returns to take something from near a chair and then runs out of the ICU room at 3.30.11pm, as per the CCTV footage.Within the 1-minute-27-second period, one of the accused, Manoj alias Aalu, was admitted in the same hospital. Lack of security in the hospital is evident in the CCTV footage as no security guard or staff member of the hospital is seen reaching the ICU during the incident. The other patients, who are about three in number, in the ICU, do not move from their bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "17592308", "title": "First Uttarakhand CM Nityanand Swami passes away", "text": "DEHRADUN: The first chief minister of Uttarakhand, after it was carved out of Uttar Pradesh in 2000, Nityanand Swami passed away on Wednesday after a prolonged illness.Swami, 85, was chief minister a BJP led government for 11 months from November 2000 to October 2001. He was 85 years-old and survived by three daughters.Senior doctors said Swami died due to multi-organ failure. They said Swami had been admitted to the hospital a couple of days ago, after which his condition deteriorated.Swami's body has been taken back to his residence. Several prominent politicians including Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna, governor Aziz Qureshi as well as former CMs Bhagat Singh, Koshyari, B C Khanduri, Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank came to Swami's residence to pay tribute.Speaker of the Uttarakhand Assembly Govind Singh Kunjwal adjourned the house till Thursday at 11 AM as a mark of respect. Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna also announced a 3-day state mourning period in honour of Swami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17591341", "title": "Ernakulam march into quarters", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Defending champions Ernakulam thrashed Pathanamthitta in straight sets 25-14, 25-12, 25-21 to enter the quarterfinals of the men's category in the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship on Wednesday.After losing their first league match against Kannur on Tuesday, Ernakulam registered an easy victory over Pathanamthitta in less than an hour to finish second in Pool A.In the women's division, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode completed their formalities before emerging as Pool leaders, beating Wayanad and Ernakulam respectively, to enter the quarterfinals.In the Pool A match in the evening, Thiruvananthapuram, loaded with KSEB stars, outplayed hosts Wayanad in less than an hour 25-18, 25-16, 25-15. Tiji Raju, Alphonsa MJ, Sheeba PV and Jomol PJ were in good form and the defending champions never allowed Wayanad to make a comeback in the match.In the Pool B match, Kozhikode women had a cake walk over Ernakulam as they finished the match in just 52 minutes 25-20, 25-11, 25-20. Kozhikode skipper Fathima Ruksana and their attacker KA Shahana were the main scorers for the winning side.First set was a 19-minute affair with both teams scoring through fine serves. Ernakulam's reception was poor and lack of aggression affected their game plan and they lost the first set without any fight.Shahana was outstanding for Kozhikode in the second set and she bagged eight points with her sharp serves to give a healthy lead to Kozhikode at 12-2. Ernakulam's attempt to make a comeback went in vain and surrendered the second set in 15 minutes.Fathima Ruksana took charge in third set for Kozhikode and they were in the drivers' seat throughout the set and bagged the set and match to storm into the quarters as group leaders.Though Wayanad and Thiruvananthapuram lost their only league round matches, they also made it to the last-eight stage finishing second in the respective groups.In the men's division, Kannur (Pool A), Thiruvananthapuram, Wayand (Pool B), Kozhikode (Pool C), Kollam, Thrissur (Pool D) have qualified for the quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17534019", "title": "Vegan is the way to go in Indian weddings", "text": "Diet, fashion and now even weddings, everything is getting a vegan twist now.It's no more considered a hippy philosophy. Nor is it an alien concept that can be scoffed at for being 'a little too extreme'. At a time when biodiversity has become an international concern, going vegan is no more a fad. From being considered an extreme form of vegetarianism, today veganism has managed to blend seamlessly into mainstream lifestyle.Vegan weddings Preethi and Raghav, a young South Indian couple, have decided to go for what might just be India's \"first vegan wedding\". \"We have been involved with a lot of animal rescue and welfare organisations. And during our time with them, we've seen the atrocities animals are put through to cater to the dietary needs of humans. This act itself is inhuman at many levels, so we decided to go vegan,\" says bride-to-be, Preethi Shankaran, who along with fiance Raghav is taking great pains to ensure that their wedding will be a totally vegan affair! \"When Raghav and I decided to go for a vegan wedding, our parents were not too comfortable with the idea at first. Imagine a South Indian wedding with no payasam! But we took them to talks and workshops, and later they came on board,\" explains Preethi.The vegan touch extends to the bridal trousseau as well. Though traditionally, a bride's attire might be considered incomplete without rich silks, Preethi has found some chic, green alternatives. \"As a vegan I don't wear silk. So for my wedding, a designer friend is designing saris in rich cottons and synthetic silks. The fabrics have a sheen to them which makes the ensemble look rich. The best part is, all my bridal saris (seven of them), have come under `10,000,\" says the beaming bride-to-be.The couple has created a wedding website providing information about the vegan wedding to guests, complete with the menu. And a lot of thought has gone into the same. \"The desserts for instance, will include the dairy-free thengai payasam made of coconut milk. The famous South Indian filter coffee too gets a vegan twist with soy milk,\" says Preethi.The couple has also requested guests to donate wedding gifts to their favourite animal welfare organisations. \"To be honest, no one really uses most of the gifts received at weddings. Instead, we are requesting guests to donate something to animal welfare organisations.\" And yes , while Raghav might have gone down on one knee to propose marriage to Preethi, no diamonds were involved. \"Romantic proposal it was, but blood diamonds are a strict no, no for us,\" says one half of this vegan couple.Style file Lady Gaga might find the meat dress quite fashionable. But an increasing number of eco conscious folk are looking at vegan fashion alternatives which do not harm flora and fauna. City designer Shravan Kumar confirms that the number of orders for \"vegan clothing\" has gone up drastically. \"I have many clients who come to me looking for alternatives to silk and wool. An Indian wedding is incomplete without silks in the bride's trousseau. So, we come up with other rich alternatives, which are not just cheap but also adopt a strict vegan approach. I know of a few clients who refuse to wear leather and search for eco friendly footwear,\" says the couturier. \"In fact, most designers today have their line of eco-friendly footwear to cater to this growing number of vegans in the city,\" he confirms. \"The beauty industry too consumes a lot of animal-based grooming products. Vegans are now opting for organic products. even though expensive, they are less harmful to you and the environment,\" says the designer.A wholesome lifestyle \"Veganism is not just about food and clothing alone. It's about every consumer item that has animal product in it,\" says Amita Desai, executive Director, Goethe-Zentrum. \"We are what we eat and it's important to know what foods are good for you and what not,\" says Desai, who is a vegan. \"Keeping the growing trend of veganism in mind and to promote the cause at a larger level, Goethe-Zentrum is organising a 'Vegan Celebration', which will see a talk on the lifestyle by Nina Osswald, activist and vegan. There will be films on animal protection and how to lead a healthier lifestyle. We have also urged participants to bring along a homemade vegan dish,\" says Desai.sarah.salvadore@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17595630", "title": "Brass chariot carnival in Shimoga today", "text": "SHIMOGA: Thousands of devotees are expected to take part in the brass chariot carnival on the eve of the last day of Karthika month at Anandapur Murugha mutt near Sagar in Shimoga on Thursday.Devotees will light lamps on this exquisitely carved chariot which was donated by Keladi kings to the mutt. Emmadi Basappa Nayak (1739-1754) was a patron of rare art and said to have donated the chariot to Murugha Mutt in 1750 to be used on the last day of Karthika month.According to Murgharajendra Swami, the head of the mutt, the 6-foot tall chariot is a rare piece. Shivalinga, Ganpathi and Nandi idol are engraved at its base while elephant idols adorn four corners. Around 800 lamps can be lit on the chariot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591319", "title": "Community hall hit by kid thieves", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Valuables worth Rs 83,500 were stolen from a community hall in Paldi on Monday afternoon. This is the latest in a series of incidents in which children were used to burgle social function venues.According to Ellisbridge police, Nayna Vaidya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a resident of Jay Teerth Avenue in Satellite \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had attended an engagement ceremony of a relative at Jain Kutchi Bhavan near Jalaram Temple in Paldi on Monday.\"According to Vaidya's complaint, she had kept her purse on a chair when she went to meet some relatives,\" said an Ellisbridge police official. \"When she came back, she found the purse missing. The purse contained gold and silver jewellery, three mobile phones, and cash. The photos and video footage showed a girl below the age of 10 years picking up the purse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17593194", "title": "Selectors wanted Dhoni sacked as ODI captain too: Amarnath", "text": "MUMBAI: This seems to be a season of controversies. Former India all-rounder and national selector Mohinder Amarnath had dropped a bombshell on Tuesday when he said that top BCCI officials had blocked Dhoni's sacking as Test captain after India's 0-4 whitewash in Australia.On Wednesday, Amarnath, who was sacked as selector despite being just one year in the job, came up with another startling revelation. In an interview to a news channel, he stated that selectors wanted Dhoni out as ODI skipper too.Amarnath revealed that the selectors wanted to appoint a young captain for the triangular series that followed but their decision was overruled by BCCI president N Srinivasan. \"The board president did not approve of the unanimous decision to replace Dhoni,\" Amarnath said.He was at his caustic best again when he revealed, \"We selected the team for the triangular series, selected 17 players but we did not select the captain,\" he said. \"The captain was selected by somebody else.\"The veteran of 69 Tests and 74 ODIs and the hero of India's World Cup victory in 1983 lamented that he did not get a free hand during his tenure.\"When you respect a person, you don't ask questions... but my question here is you have a selection committee whose members think what is best for Indian cricket, so why are they not given a free hand?\"One of the big advocates of bringing in young blood in Team India, Amarnath said he and his colleagues were of the opinion that Virat Kohli should lead the ODI outfit.\"We were trying to look ahead. We wanted a young captain to come in, especially in the triangular series, so that we could go ahead and do something better in near future. I believe in fresh blood. I was looking forward to a guy like Kohli to take over as captain in ODIs. I think he is a fantastic player, he is the future.\"Former India opener and captain K Srikkanth, who was the chairman of selectors in the panel that Amarnath was in, admitted that after the debacles in England and Australia, Dhoni's captaincy was discussed.\"Yes, Dhoni and his captaincy were discussed. But as I have maintained for past four years, I won't comment on the proceedings in those meetings.\"Srikkanth also refused to comment when asked whether BCCI chief N Srinivasan had put pressure on the selectors to not sack Dhoni. His silence though was deafening when he was asked whether Dhoni was lucky to survive the axe.The BCCI acted in typical fashion and chose to play down the issue. \"We don't wish to respond to these allegations as the team is about to play an important Test match,\" said Sanjay Jagdale, the board secretary. He also said that Dhoni enjoys the confidence of the BCCI.BCCI vice president and IPL boss Rajeev Shukla though, was more forthcoming and slammed Amarnath for his comments. \"I don't think it is appropriate to give statements like this. Whatever one has to say, one can say while participating in the selection meeting. Making comments about it is not appropriate. Selectors are independent. They are not under pressure from anyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17593380", "title": "'Shankar personified Indian soft power'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pandit Ravi Shankar was possibly independent India's first and best-known cultural ambassador. \"It's an understatement,\" says Ronen Sen, former diplomat and one of Shankar's close friends. \"He personified Indian soft power at a time when the term had not even been invented.\"When India was under international pressure, particularly from the West and US over the 1971 Bangladesh war, it was Shankar who championed, and was a guiding spirit of, the hugely successful concert for Bangladesh.\"The Nixon administration had taken a tough stand against India's intervention in Bangladesh. But it was this concert that helped swing the popular mood in the world towards Bangladesh, and for this Ravi Shankar performed a stellar role as India's ambassador,\" says Sen.Ravi Shankar, says Sen, put Indian classical music on the global map, not as \"alternative\" music. \"Despite his following in the pop music world, Ravi Shankar never compromised on the purity of the Indian classical genre. Thus, he played in the Bolshoi theatre in Moscow and in Bonn. He was also the only Indian artiste to play at the Royal Opera House in London.\"For Indian diplomacy finding its geopolitical feet in the decades after independence, Ravi Shankar was invaluable. With his music, evident spirituality and an infectious joie de vivre, he set a trend that was very different from the more hedonistic one led by Osho. \"He was a pioneer in many ways and the reverence he commanded in the world was invaluable for India's cultural diplomacy,\" says Sen.Ravi Shankar not only popularised Indian classical music for Indian audiences in the Dover Lane Music Conference in Kolkata but \"as a good Bengali, ashamedly promoted Bengali cuisine\", laughs Sen. \"He loved his chingri maacher malai curry, ilish bhaapa, and neem-begun,\" he says, \"and he was never ashamed to show it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17592553", "title": "CAG indicts Karnataka government for illegally denotifying land", "text": "BELGAUM: The Comptroller &amp; Auditor General of India (CAG) has severely indicted the Karnataka government for illegal denotification of lands acquired by the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA). In five years, from 2007 to 2012, the government denotified 212.39 acres (126 cases) illegally. The report - 'Denotification of Land by Government and Allotment of Sites by BDA' - which was tabled in the legislature on Wednesday, explains how every rule and court orders were flouted by chief ministers, BDA and officials. The government, especially the one headed by former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, denotified acquired lands, developed lands, litigant lands and lands meant for group housing. In some cases, they were returned to the original landowners, though the BDA had formed sites and distributed them. \"The denotification of 212.39 acres of land had been done in defiance of the law. These cases had not been referred to the denotification committee,\" the CAG observed. Once the land is notified and taken possession for public purpose, the government has no powers to denotify it. After the acquisition, even if it's not needed for public purpose, it cannot be denotified. If a land has to be denotified, it has to be approved by the denotification committee. But the CMs had unilaterally denotified 212.39 acres without bringing it to the notice of the committee. The CAG report will be a body blow to Yeddyurappa, who is already mired in court cases over these denotifications. He has done the majority of denotifications. Former CMs HD Kumaraswamy, N Dharam Singh and D V Sadananda Gowda's decisions are also mentioned. Kumaraswamy for denotification in a couple of cases in violation of rules; Singh for extending a concession to a developer and causing a loss of Rs 49.06 crore to the BDA and Gowda for cancelling denotification orders flouting norms.CAG observations on litigant lands These (litigant lands) denotifications defied law. It was done even while many cases challenging the acquisition had been pending in the courts. From June 1948 to February 2010, 34,527 acres of land have been notified to form 54 layouts. But, as of April 2012, the possession of only 19,049.02 acres (44%) was taken. The land has to be taken for possession two years from the date of final notification. Huge shortfall in taking possession of the land created scope for denotification of the land notified for public purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596397", "title": "Ravi Kishan and Raj Kumar Pandey together again", "text": "After two years gap superstar Ravi Kishan and hit director of Bhojpuri cinema Raj Kumar Pandey have come together with three films. Ravi kishan has signed three films of Rajkumar Pandey. The films are titled 'Jeena Teri Gali Me', 'Chhora Ganga Kinare Wala' and 'Sanyasi'.Ravi Kishan and Rajkumar Pandey's first film was Devra Bada Satavela . Devra was the biggest hit of Bhojpuri cinema. Shooting of Jeena Teri Gali Me will start its shoot in Bihar from the last week of January.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592210", "title": "Government tables bill allowing private schools to open anywhere", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government on Wednesday finally tabled in the legislative council the much-awaited bill that will allow private schools to open branches anywhere in the state. Earlier, schools were restricted area wise, with as only one primary school for every kilometre, one middle school in every 3km, and one high school at every 5km.\"The Maharashtra Swyam ArthSahayit Vidhayak (self-financed schools) Act was first tabled on April 17 in the council. But after some objections raised by the members, we constituted a panel comprising members from both assembly and council to make corrections in the bill,\" school education minister Rajendra Darda informed.He added that the panel met seven times to discuss pros and cons of the bill and study its effects. They also invited objection from MLAs, MLCs and from the general public before making a final draft. \"They made an important change in the bill by removing the word 'company'. It was mentioned in the bill that any company can open a school. But members objected, saying that it may lead to commercialization.\" He further said that the government will not fund these schools and care would be taken that if they shut shop teachers wouldn't suffer, by taking deposit money from the schools.The minister said that the bill would be discussed in council and assembly next week. \"If it comes into effect, right from admission schedule to declaration of results, everything will be time bound. There will be a timetable for all schools and they will have to strictly abide by that. Even if it is passed in this session, it will be implemented from 2013-14.\"Darda said the bill would be applicable to all types of schools, whether CBSE or ICSE or state board. \"Opening a CBSE school in Maharashtra is now more tougher as per RTE norms. They have to take approvals from the government after seeking letter of intent (LoI),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592762", "title": "Murder weapon wasn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t found", "text": "MUMBAI: After Dr Jehangir Vazifdar was stabbed to death and found in a pool of blood in his apartment in Avabai Mansion in Colaba on October 26, 1998, suspicion fell on Santosh Pandey and Omprakash Choudhari, who were working as watchmen and had gone missing.Arfan Sait, the advocate appointed by the high court legal aid cell to represent Pandey, said: \"There was no witness who had seen Pandey in the doctor's house. There was no recovery of weapon used in the murder or stolen property from Pandey.\"He pointed out to a division bench of Justices Vijaya Kapse Tahilramani and A R Joshi that the only evidence going against Pandey was the recovery of his blood-stained clothes from near the building's tank on November 13, over a fortnight after the murder. But the recovery of the clothes from a public place, accessible to everyone, raised several doubts, including the fear that it could have been planted . \"It was surprising that the police who were investigating the case had not found the clothes before,\" added Sait.During investigation, Pandey's co-accused Choudhari was arrested from Rajasthan. The police recovered a Rolex watch worth Rs 2 lakh, a gold chain, foreign currency worth Rs 2.75 lakh and other articles from him. Pandey was subsequently arrested from the Cooperage ground on November 9 the same year.A trial court in July 2004 held the duo guilty of murder and sentenced them to life imprisonment. Pandey filed his appeal challenging the trial court verdict in 2005. It came up for hearing in the high court only last month.Meanwhile, in 2010, the high court ordered that Choudhari be released as a report by the sessions judge found that he was 16 at the time of the murder and was, therefore, a juvenile. According to the Juvenile Justice Act, the maximum punishment a minor can face is three years in a correction home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17596258", "title": "Women's panel awareness drive to stop witch-hunting", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam State Commission for Women (ASCW) will organize awareness programmes and workshops to eradicate the problem of witch-hunting in remote areas. The programme, \"Targeted Intervention and Prevention of Witch-Hunting\", will be organized in 14 districts which have reported high incidents of witch-hunting. \"The entire project is a state government initiative. The government has sanctioned Rs 5 lakh for the project,\" said member secretary of ASCW, Monideepa Borkataki.The women's commission will work in co-ordination with NGOs. A series of awareness programmes and workshops will be held under the project. Some of the districts where witch-hunting is prevalent are Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa, Udalguri, Sonitpur and Goalpara.\"The commission is also carrying out legal awareness programmes on women's fundamental rights in remote areas. Rural women are being informed about laws enforced against domestic violence, witch-hunting and child marriage and how to approach the police and file cases,\" she added.The district administration also plays an important role. Authorities concerned, the local people, NGOs and the media are also invited. Co-ordination between the Anchalik Gaon Panchayat, zilla parishad, ASHA and anganwadi workers is also necessary.\"Till date, we have covered Baksa, Kamrup (rural), Chagaon, Mayong, Abhayapuri, Bongaigaon, Koliabor, Cachar, Karimganj and Dhemaji,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596300", "title": "Manipur students steal show at youth fest", "text": "RANCHI: Students hugged each other with tears in their eyes and pride on their faces as Manipur University was declared the champion of the 28th East Zone Inter-university Youth Festival on the valedictory programme on Tuesday.Ayan Pretty Chanu, a student of Manipur University, said, \"We worked hard as a team and managed to win the competition. We have made our state proud and are happy that we will be representing the state in national-level competition and hope to win that too.\"Vidyasagar University of West Bengal bagged the runners-up trophy, but the performance of Ranchi University was not satisfactory. RU bagged first prize in skit competition and third prize in one-act play and group song.RU vice-chancellor LN Bhagat said, \"I thank all the participating universities for their support. The participants had to face many problems because of the JSEB strike but I am thankful to them that they cooperated. I hope they enjoyed their stay here and will come back.\"VC of Tripura University Arunoday Saha, the special guest at the valedictory function, suggested to deputy secretary of Union youth affairs ministry Sampson David to hold the national youth festival in Ranchi. \"Ranchi is a wonderful place and it would be wonderful if the national youth festival is also hosted in Ranchi,\" he said.Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato was greeted with cheers when he promised to organize a huge college fest in the coming years. \"This is not the end but beginning. I will try to organize a national youth fest in the coming years, or maybe even an international meet, if I get your support,\" said Mahato.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593774", "title": "'Convert engg colleges with vacant seats into ITIs'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing deep concern over the large number of vacant seats in state's technical institutions, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has proposed to convert colleges which have failed to attract students into Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs). The CM gave the suggestion while addressing the vice-chancellors (VCs) conference at King George's Medical University (KGMU) on Wednesday.The vice-chancellor of Mahamaya Technical University (MTU) Prof S Kak, who also attended the conference, said, \"The CM has shown inclination towards the need of developing skills of the students. The colleges which have not been able to get students for engineering courses can begin skill development programmes.''Sources present at the conference shared that the CM was upset over the poor number of admissions in the state's engineering institutions.In state entrance examination (SEE) 2012, only 38,000 students took admissions as against 1.40 lakh seats in undergraduate engineering courses.The situation improved slightly after the state government restored management quota in these colleges. Direct admissions ensured that 50% seats were filled up in the engineering institutions. Last year, around 30,000 students took admission in various engineering colleges after qualifying SEE as against the total of 1.15 lakh seats.Experts cite mushroom growth of colleges providing sub-standard quality of education as the prime reason behind vacant seats in engineering institutions. Against 85 engineering institutions in 2005-06, UP today has 350 such institutions.Other factors behind poor enrolment of students include inadequate and untrained teachers and lack of industrial exposure in the state. Senior professors in engineering institutions say there is uneven distribution of technical institutions in the state.\"While western UP has a large presence of private institutions, most central and state universities are located in east UP. And in terms of students, its vice-versa,'' said a senior professor who welcomed the chief minister's proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593726", "title": "Minister's teen son killed driving SUV", "text": "LUCKNOW: Driving a new sport utility vehicle (SUV) proved fatal for the teenaged son of cabinet minister for forests on Wednesday morning. The boy was driving a red beacon fitted SUV on a flyover in Gomtinagar when he lost control. The speed of the vehicle (UP 32 DJ 8500) at the time of the accident could be gauged from the fact that after colliding with the railing twice, it went another 50 feet up the bridge before ramming into a pole. The collision with the pole too was strong and the chassis of the new car was shattered to bits.Younger of the two sons of cabinet minister for forests Raj Kishore Singh and nephew of the Samajwadi Party (SP) candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections from Basti Dimple Singh, Shubham (18) left his 1-A, Kalidas Marg official residence allotted to his father. With driver Jojo at the wheels and a family friend Rajneesh on the back seat, Shubham left his bungalow around 10:45 am to meet his friends at Dayal Paradise. Once the vehicle reached Dayal Paradise, Shubham asked Jojo and Rajneesh to get out of the SUV saying he wanted to test drive the new Safari. Though both reportedly tried to persuade him against, Shubham paid no heed and drove up the flyover.As Shubham left, the scared driver called up Shubham's mother Suman Singh to inform her, as neither Shubham nor his elder brother Devendra were allowed to drive any vehicle. They were not even allowed to be driven around alone. A domestic help, family member or a relative had to be present in the car if the brother duo went out by car.Unable to restrain his urge to try out the new SUV despite all restrictions, Shubham apparently went out to meet his friends and reached Dayal Paradise where he dropped the other two occupants of the SUV and drove back to the flyover from the Gyaneshwar Misra park-end in Gomtinagar to meet his fate.As per forensic experts, Shubham must have driven hardly 200 feet up the flyover when he apparently lost control. The dents on either side of the SUV and marks on both railings of the flyover suggested the Safari first hit the left railing and then the right before it dragged on for another 50 feet and rammed into a pole.Experts say when the SUV hit the right railing, Shubham was apparently thrown off the driver's seat to land on the one besides it. In the meantime, attempts of Shubham to control the car took it to the extreme right where it hit the railing once again. In the second collision, the door of the SUV was thrown open and Shuham flew out of it as his head hit a roadside pole and died instantaneously. His body was found dangling from the pole his neck caught in the railing.Though the family rushed to the spot immediately and took the boy to the hospital, it was too late. The doctors pronounced him brought dead and said he had suffered a number of fractures on his skull, rib cage and shoulders. In the afternoon, the family left for their native village in Basti where the last rites were performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593717", "title": "Man to tour nation, Nepal in 50 days", "text": "NASHIK: Mahesh Birari, a 40-year-old city-based property dealer set off on his Bajaj Avenger 180 on December 12 at 12 noon past 12 minutes and 12 seconds from Shahu Nagar, Nashik, with an aim to cover 20,000 kilometres in 50 days.He intends to find a place in the Guinness Book of Records and says that he is doing it on his own without any sponsorship. \"I have made an agreement with Guinness Book of Records on November 29 that I am venturing out on this excursion. I have not taken a single penny for this tour from anyone,\" said Birari. He wants to break the record of Colin Pyle who toured 18,000 kms in 54 days on his motorcycle.He is carrying with him a medical kit, clothes, winter wear, map, needle and thread and documents of his vehicle. \"I have got my vehicle serviced and repaired and am carrying the tool kit. I can do petty repair works and there are garages everywhere, if the need be,\" said Birari. For food and shelter during the night, he said that he would depend upon eat-outs on the way and would stay in hotels, ashrams, etc.He said that it was not necessary to carry any permission letters to tour the country but there would be checking at Nepal border for which he will show the copy of the agreement with Guinness Book of Records.His wife Rajashri and other family members have supported him. Birari's business will also be under hibernation for these 50 days but he is more excited about completing this tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17591514", "title": "'Panditji composed raag Bhavani Bhairav at Chitrapur Math'", "text": "There are only a few who know about or have heard the special raag 'Bhavani Bhairav' that Pandit Ravi Shankar composed one early morning at the Shri Chitrapur Math in Shirali, North Karnataka.Mohan Hemmadi, a music connoisseur with his roots in Mangalore, who accompanied Panditji on his tours as his manager and proudly possesses the rare recording, recalls that moment frozen in time.\"Way back in the fifties when Panditji was virtually unknown, I had struck the first bond of friendship with him at a friend's home in Sonawala Building in Mumbai. I found meditation in his music at the 'baithaks' we had there,\" Hemmadi says reminiscing about the musician's closeness to the Konkani community that went beyond the realm of music.\"He had met the Srimath Anandashram Swami, the pontiff of Shri Chitrapur Math, at one of the cultural programmes he participated in where Guru Bhat Shukla, a priest at the Math, had sung for him. The day after Panditji's sixtieth birthday in April 7, 1980, he expressed his desire to visit the Swami's samadhi at Shirali. He had brought his sitar.Overwhelmed by the night's rendition of the puja for the presiding deity Bhavanishankar(Shiva), he was lost deep in thought. Early next morning, he seated himself in front of the deity and composed Raag Bhavani Bhairav with deep reverence, dedicating it to Lord Bhavanishankar,\" Hemmadi recalls.Sharing rare insights into Panditji's persona, Hemmadi says he was a stickler for time and a perfectionist, and always sent him to the concert venue two hours early to check the acoustics and the green room.Ravi Shankar's fondness for his pet dog Sharly was so visibly evident that he would take the pet on all his travels. \"The dog would sit at the front row along with Panditji's family till the end of the concert and then jump on the stage to be with his master,\" Hemmadi says with a laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592533", "title": "Development plan more exclusive than inclusive: Expert", "text": "MUMBAI: Other than the glaring space crunch, the increasing polarization in Mumbai can no longer be ignored. While those in luxury highrises have the privilege of 57.5 square metre per person, those in the middle-income group housing have almost half as much. Slumdwellers, predictably, live in the most crammed space with only three square metre per person. A recent analysis by urban architects at the Guggenheim Lab revealed this enormous disparity in the space shared by Mumbaikars. It also pointed out that the city offers just about one square metre of green space per person.The analysis divided living space from work space to present a more nuanced picture of a Mumbaikar's quality of life and the imparity that marks it. For every 57.5 square metre of space per person (sqm/p) in a highrise, middle-income housing apartments have only 25.5 sqm/p. Slumdwellers are predicta-bly the worst-off with a mere 3 sqm/p. SRA housing offers a slightly better 4.6 sqm/p.The analysis shows that workplaces are even more crammed than living spaces. While workspaces in south Mumbai afford 6.2 sqm/p, workshops in slums allow a meager 2.5 sqm/p.\"Our motive is to capture the glaring disparity in the city and the space available to people. In slums, the workplace is more crowded. The living space is not much of a respite either. However, in a luxury highrise, the space to live is way bigger,\" said Anitra Baliga, part of the Shanghai-based team of architects who did the analysis. Baliga said recreational and green spaces are a minuscule part of Mumbai.Pankaj Joshi, executive director, Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI), said the analysis might not be accurate and the space per slum might be as low as 1.5 sqm/p. However, it does represent the stark disparity and speaks of poor planning in its expansion.\"Historically, Mumbai has made development plans in the 1960s and '80s, but only 10-20% of the recommendations in those plans have been implemented. This means, most of the city has been growing without planning. There is a shortfall of about 15 million formal homes in the city to house nine million people, which is as much as the population of Sweden,\" said Joshi. \"Even the current development plan excludes long stretches of slums from its ambit, making it more exclusive than inclusive.\" He further said a good city also means good business, which will happen only if all segments of the society are included in the plan.Nayana Kathpalia from NGO Citispace said, Mumbai has only had ad hoc planning. \"Creating new spaces is a huge challenge and there has to be more political will for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592015", "title": "Govt agencies told to clear dues", "text": "NEW DELHI: With government agencies defaulting on tax payment, the North corporation has decided to act tough. Corporation officials say they have sent notices to eight agencies, including Delhi Development Authority (DDA), Delhi Jal Board (DJB), Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) and Airport Authority of India (AAI), which together owe the civic body Rs 454.89 crore in the form of service tax and other dues. If they don't clear their dues or explain satisfactorily the reason for non-payment, the corporation's legal team will move court to attach the accounts of these agencies. \"Some of the agencies have paid a portion of their dues,\" said commissioner P K Gupta.According to the list prepared by North corporation's tax department, the biggest tax evader is DDA, which owes the corporation Rs 356.35 crore. Other agencies are DJB that owes Rs 23 crore, DMRC Rs 9.4 crore, AAI Rs 20.46 crore, NDPL Rs 2.65 crore and DJB Rs 23.62 crore. South corporation has also sent notices to several government agencies. In Malviya Nagar, GK I, Shivalik Apartments and Naraina, the corporation officials announced the names of tax defaulters on loudspeakers, many of whom paid on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17591253", "title": "Seer, farmer, homemakers got G sites", "text": "BELGAUM: Government officials, homemakers, a seer, doctor, waiter, farmer, businessmen, private employees and a professor were among those allotted 'G category' sites (CM's discretionary quota) in Bangalore, in violation of norms.While allotting G category sites, the BDA did not determine the merits of allotment, and sites were given to those who already owned a site or house.Even after the Karnataka high court stalled the allotment of these sites in 2011, the government approved 22 site allotments. At least 60% of the allottees were other than politicians, artistes and sportspersons. These are the observations of the CAG report tabled in the legislature on Wednesday.The CAG has come down heavily on successive chief ministers, the urban development department and BDA officials for irregularities and violations in the management of BDA sites, parks and assets. It suspected fraudulent practices in the allotment of sites.From 2007 to 2012, the BDA allotted 265 civic amenity (CA) sites, 541 corner and intermediate sites, 438 stray sites and 924 alternative sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "from ensuring basic facilities in colleges and hostels to ridding the campus of eve-teasers, there are plenty of things on the plate of the newly elected patna university students' union president, ashish sinha . the tenure is short and there is a long way to go, he tells anisha anand in an exclusive interview. excerpts", "code": "17592635", "title": "Central varsity status for PU an uphill task: PUSU president", "text": "From ensuring basic facilities in colleges and hostels to ridding the campus of eve-teasers, there are plenty of things on the plate of the newly elected Patna University Students' Union president, Ashish Sinha . The tenure is short and there is a long way to go, he tells Anisha Anand in an exclusive interview. Excerpts:Now, you are the president of Patna University Students' Union. What is first on your agenda for the students?First thing will be providing security to the students which include removing outsiders from the campus and to get rid of eve-teasers. I feel 40% of the problems can be solved by ensuring students' safety and security. This is what we have planned to begin with.ABVP and AISF are poles apart, at least ideologically. You belong to ABVP and there are two members in the panel from AISF. Will it be difficult for the panel to function smoothly with the differences of opinion?You are right. Our ideologies may be different but we have the same aim and agenda. So, we will work together harmoniously for the students' benefits.Is gaining a central university tag for PU on your wish list?Getting a central university status for PU in just three months is an uphill task. The university should have a medical college and an engineering college affiliated to it to become a central university. But, both the Patna Medical College (PMC) and the NITP are no more part of our university. First, we have to fight to get them back. Then only we can fight further to get the central university tag.You are a cricketer as well. Is there any space for cricket in your plan of things?I want not only cricket but all sports on the campus. In fact, I also take interest in cultural activities. I am looking forward to organizing both sports and cultural festivals on the campus. Also, these activities should be made part of the academics as they enhance the personality and add to the X-factor of students.Do you think that the love for cricket among students got you more votes?I don't think that cricket got me votes. Though cricket has its glam, students' union election is very different from the game. I feel that students found me eligible enough to elect me their president. It has nothing to do with my playing cricket.Your tenure is very short, till the end of this academic session. Will you be able to fulfil the students' demands?Yes, the tenure is very short and, for now, we are just taking 3 months as our working duration. Though it is a challenge, we will try to get the maximum out of these three months with our hard work.What other things you are aiming at?Our focus will be on creating a better education scenario. We want the formation of placement cells, not only for vocational courses in the university but also traditional ones, and recruitment of new and young teachers in the university. Although we have young teachers, they are ad hoc and stay for a very short period. Permanent recruitment will further encourage the scholars to take up lectureship in the university itself and prevent brain drain. Also, there is lack of basic amenities like drinking water and electricity at Darbhanga House and poor facilities in the hostels. During campaigning, I found that students have to attend lectures in dark classrooms without electricity. So, these are the basic needs of students that we will be focusing on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17593862", "title": "Man acquitted of murder after 14 years in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Fourteen long years he spent behind bars for homicide, virtually a life term, before being acquitted on Wednesday. Santosh Pandey, a youth in his twenties when he was arrested for the murder of well-known cardiologist Jehangir Vazifdar, 82, in his Colaba apartment in 1998, was ordered to be released by the Bombay high court after acquittal for lack of evidence. \"There were no eyewitnesses in the case which was based on circumstantial evidence,\" said Pandey's advocate Arfan Sait.After Dr Jehangir Vazifdar was stabbed to death and found in a pool of blood in his apartment in Avabai Mansion in Colaba on October 26, 1998, suspicion fell on Santosh Pandey and Omprakash Choudhari, who were working as watchmen and had gone missing.Arfan Sait, the advocate appointed by the high court legal aid cell to represent Pandey, said: \"There was no witness who had seen Pandey in the doctor's house. There was no recovery of weapon used in the murder or stolen property from Pandey.\"He pointed out to a division bench of Justices Vijaya Kapse Tahilramani and A R Joshi that the only evidence going against Pandey was the recovery of his blood-stained clothes from near the building's tank on November 13, over a fortnight after the murder. But the recovery of the clothes from a public place, accessible to everyone, raised several doubts, including the fear that it could have been planted . \"It was surprising that the police who were investigating the case had not found the clothes before,\" added Sait.During investigation, Pandey's co-accused Choudhari was arrested from Rajasthan. The police recovered a Rolex watch worth Rs 2 lakh, a gold chain, foreign currency worth Rs 2.75 lakh and other articles from him. Pandey was subsequently arrested from the Cooperage ground on November 9 the same year.A trial court in July 2004 held the duo guilty of murder and sentenced them to life imprisonment. Pandey filed his appeal challenging the trial court verdict in 2005. It came up for hearing in the high court only last month.Meanwhile, in 2010, the high court ordered that Choudhari be released as a report by the sessions judge found that he was 16 at the time of the murder and was, therefore, a juvenile. According to the Juvenile Justice Act, the maximum punishment a minor can face is three years in a correction home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17595810", "title": "Bangladeshi fishermen in limbo", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Bangladeshi fishermen rescued by local fishermen from the Bay of Bengal over a month ago, are still awaiting repatriation.As many as 17 Bangladeshi fishermen, who were stuck in high sea due to snags in their fishing boats, were rescued by fishermen of Ganjam's Podampeta on November 2. They have been detained at Marine police station in Arjeepalli since then. They had ventured into the sea on October 18.Even though the district administration intimated about their detention to Bangladesh High Commission and submitted all documents to the ministry of home affairs for their repatriation, no response has come yet. \"We have already spoken to the Bangaldesh High Commission. We hope they will respond soon,\" said district collector Krishan Kumar.\"We have also provided all information about them to the MHA as required,\" said SP (Ganjam) Ashish Singh. The MHA might have taken up the matter with ministry of external affairs, an officer said.\"We are very worried about our family members in Bangladesh,\" said Abdul Basara, a detained fisherman. I don't know how is my family sustaining as I am the only bread-earner,\" said Nuri Alam, another fisherman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595547", "title": "NRHM officials conduct inspection at health centres", "text": "KANPUR: On its second and last day of inspection, the NRHM team on Wednesday found several anomalies in treatment and data maintenance at various health sub-centers and district hospital of the city. Several doctors also came under the scanner of the team for being regularly absent from duty at their respective centers.The NRHM team visited Ursala Horseman hospital, sub-centers at Sajari and Mandhana on the second day of its visit. It also visited ANM and family planning training center at Ramadevi. During inspection of the sub-centers, the team found that the ANMs are absent from duty without prior notice. The delivery registers and medicine management registers were also found incomplete at these health centers.The main problem pointed out by the NRHM team at ANM and family planning training center at Ramadevi was low presence of ANMs at these centers. According to the team, the work related to both these schemes are affected in the district as the ANMs do not stay at their training centers. The NRHM team also noticed improper functioning of the operation theater of UHM hospital where the poor management raised the officials' eyebrows. The NRHM team also decided to give an adverse against absentees and sought their suspension.Talking to TOI, chief medical officer Dr RP Yadav said the main aim of the inspection was to ascertain the exact status of treatment and immediate requirements of the health centers and hospitals in the district.\"The team also had a survey chart in which they are filling the requirements of each health center. Though some mismanagement were also discovered, I do not have any idea about their report which they will submit to the senior authorities,\" said the CMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592319", "title": "Touts breached Bandra-Worli sea link, international airport security?", "text": "MUMBAI: Two small-time racketeers have shown how easy it is to breach security at the international airport terminal parking lots. On Wednesday, the two were arrested with fake toll passes of the Bandra-Worli sea link, Bhiwandi bypass, Aarey Colony bypass and parking receipts of the civic body's parking lots, including two airports.Fake toll receipts totalling Rs 27 lakh were recovered from the accused, Jagadamba Mishra (40) and Somnath Mazi (26), claimed cops. Mishra is a class 12th dropout from Ambedkar Nagar in Cuffe Parade, while Mazi, a West Bengal native, runs a printing press at Bora Bazaar.The accused have involved in the racket for the last two years. The two have been booked for cheating, forgery and breach of trust and were remanded in police custody.\"The property cell had received information that a gang was actively printing fake toll passes,\" joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said. Based on this information police team led by inspector Nandkumar Gopale disguised as customer and approached Mishra who was willingly to sell them. We arrested Mishra who spill the beans on Mazi who used to print this fake documents.'' Said Niket Kaushik, additional commissioner of police.The police raided Mazi's printing press at Bora Bazaar and recovered huge stock of fake documents whose ordered was placed by Mishra. The fake parking lot receipt of the two airports of GVC company are exactly copy of the original and its difficult even the parking attendant to differentiate between the real and the fake one. Police have also seized the fake receipts of Bhiwandi bypass and Arey sub bypass in Goregaon.The fake challans were sold to parking attendants, tour and taxi operators in Mumbai. Parking lot employees are now under the scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17593858", "title": "PIL says caste Hindus blocking pathway for SCs in Usilampatti", "text": "MADURAI: A public interest litigation (PIL) petition that has been filed before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court has said that people from the Scheduled Caste (SC) community of Panyan village in Usilampatti taluk in Madurai district are denied pathway to take dead bodies to the cremation ground.Seeking a direction to remove the hurdles, a resident of Panyan village, P Muthukannan, who belongs to SC community, has filed the PIL. According to the petitioner, there are 300 dalit families in Panyan village where a separate cremation ground for the adi-dravidar community has been in usage for so many years.Meanwhile, a public auditorium was built on the way to cremation ground by Usilampatti MLA P V Kathiravan out of his MLA's constituency development fund. It was named as Pasumpon Thevar auditorium. Due to this, the auditorium became a place for a particular community and the SC people could not gain access to it, the petitioner stated.Besides, the petitioner alleged that while carrying the dead bodies of the SC community, stones are being pelt at the crowd by the caste Hindus in order to prevent them from carrying the bodies.While the first incident took place few months back while taking the dead body of one Nalla Thangal, the same incident was again staged on November 13 when another person, K Papa died.The petitioner also alleged that the SC people could not wear slippers in the main streets of the village. These acts show that untouchability practices are still prevailing in the Panyan village, the petitioner contended.Accusing the revenue authority, the petitioner contended that even though representations were sent to the office of the revenue divisional officer of Usilampatti, no action was taken on their part so far.Besides, the government machinery forced the SC people to take an alternative path to the cremation ground, which is 5-km away from the usual path.Seeking a direction to remove the name of Pasumpon Thevar from the auditorium, the petitioner also prayed the court to issue a direction to Ramanathapuram superintendent of police, to register a case against MLA Kathiravan under The Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989.The petitioner also wanted a direction to the district administration to make a spot visit to the concerned village and to issue patta to both pathway and cremation ground.The matter has been posted for hearing to next Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596441", "title": "Togged up in silk saris, women sashay down the ramp", "text": "LUDHIANA: To celebrate the last repetitive date of the century - 12.12.12 - the Lakshmi Ladies' Club organized an ethnic sari competition for its members on Wednesday.More than 500 women gathered at the club's Rakh Bagh Road premises and celebrated the traditional Indian drape and its many forms. About 50 members walked down the ramp in their exclusive collection of silk saris. Divided in four categories - women below the age of 35, 35-50, 55-65 and above 65 - the competition was judged by Alpana Modi, Poorva Puri, Geeta Nagarath and Vidushi Jain.Club president Neeta Sood, adorning herself with a wine coloured \"Soochi\" silk sari, said, \"The world is going crazy over this date and every one is celebrating the day in their own unique way. So, the club members came up with an idea of showcasing our silk collection, which had not come out of the cupboard for many years.\" Among the participants, 12 women were awarded after being judged on the basis of their style of draping the sari, stage presence and the gold jewellry they adorned themselves with. The members also enjoyed rounds of tambola, followed by a lucky draw that was won by Sushma Sood. The \"magical\" 12.12.12 concluded with a scrumptious lunch served for the members at the club.The winners35 and below 1 | Monika Vohra 2 | Bhavika Gupta35-50 years 1 | Namrata Singhania 2 | Ritu Padam Consolation | Pammi Sidhu50-65 years 1 | Jyoti Chopra, 2 | Sunita Aggarwal, 3 | Asha Sharma Consolation | Bindu SoodAbove 65 1 | Rajni Bector, 2 | Rano Padam 3 | Reva Kapoor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592369", "title": "When Pt Ravi Shankar lived in rented bungalow", "text": "MUMBAI: Pandit Ravi Shankar's city connection goes back to the 1950s when he lived in a rented bungalow in Borivli with Annapurna, his then wife, and brother-in-law Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and his family.\"Borivli was a sleepy hamlet dotted with paddy fields, wells and mud roads. Panditji and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan would be together for their early morning riyaz, seated rim-rod straight on a dhurrie in the courtyard of their bungalow, right under the sky\" said Vishwanath Chogule, a chartered accountant and long-time Borivli resident, on Wednesday.Listen to the best of Ravi Shankar on gaana.comVrindavan Dandawate spoke about how the Ravi Shankar phenomenon took Mumbai by storm in the succeeding years. \"I first heard Pandit Ravi Shankar at the Ramkrishna ashram in Khar in 1955. Pandit Pannalal Ghosh had started musical soirees in the ashram. I would get to know about the Panditji-Ustad Ali Akbar jugalbandi from a friend who lived in Khar. These concerts were usually held during weekends and they went on till early morning. After the concert I and my friend would trek back home, recalling the dexterity and style with which the duo played, even as the sky slowly turned crimson,\" said Dandawate, noted Marathi playwright who later joined NCPA, where he got to sit through Pandit Ravi Shankar's concerts on many occasions, as also to take care of him.Panditji came into his own when he set up Kinnari, a music school at the Bhulabhai Desai auditorium on Warden Road. \"Those were Panditji's and Mumbai's best years. The city throbbed with creative energy and the Bhulabhai Desai auditorium was the Mecca of artists, writers and musicians,\" said noted theatre personality Vijaya Mehta, former executive director, NCPA, and a friend of the internationally acclaimed musician.Mumbai witnessed some of Panditji's memorable stage shows and performances in the 1960s, like Gaon Ki Gori and Melody and Rhythm. \"His Taal Vadya Kacheri fuelled wide interest in classical music,\" said Mehta.\"Panditji was always willing to help a good cause involving literature and the arts,\" said Dandawate. The sultan of the sitar took hardly any time to agree to perform, with Ustad Allahrakha on the percussion, in support of a literary magazine at a south Mumbai auditorium, regaling the music aficionados with Raag Puriya Dhanashri. \"And Panditji charged us Rs 600 only,\" Dandawate added.Greatest &amp; tallest musician: LataLata Mangeshkar described Pandit Ravi Shankar, who passed away in San Diego in the US on Wednesday, as India's \"greatest and tallest\" musician.\"I have been a great admirer of Pandit Ravi Shankar since my initiation into music. As India's cultural ambassador, he earned accolades far and wide, and brought glory to the country. A gifted musician, he combined talent with sheer hard work, discipline and dedication. There will be never a sitarist of Pandit Ravi Shankar's stature for years to come,\" said the melody queen who teamed up with the ace sitarist to belt out the timeless Anuradha melodies such as Jaane kaise sapnon mein kho gayee ankhiyaan and Haye re woh din kyoon na aaye (with a touch of Raag Kalavati).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591254", "title": "Alleged victim of torture by Sanjiv Bhatt approaches HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A victim of alleged custodial torture by suspended IPS Sanjiv Bhatt has approached the Gujarat high court claiming compensation of Rs 8 lakh from him for damage to his kidneys during illegal detention in Jamnagar, when the cop was posted there in 1990s.Kamlesh Tanna, whose applications for compensation have been rejected by a lower court and the single-judge bench of the HC as well, has appealed before the division bench. In his appeal, he has questioned the rejection of his plea last year by Justice Anant Dave.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala adjourned his petition and granted him some time to make correction in draft.Tanna has claimed that Bhatt had illegally detained and tortured him in custody, which led to damage to his kidney. He had filed a suit for compensation from the IPS officer and his subordinates in 1996, but the trial court dismissed the suit in March 2001 on the ground of absence of evidence as well as for non-prosecution. He filed another plea for restoring the suit, but the lower court refused to condone the delay he made in approaching the court again.Tanna then moved the HC last year claiming that he had a very good case of seeking compensation and the court in Jamnagar ought to have pardoned the delay caused in filing an application for restoration of the suit. Justice Dave questioned why Tanna moved the HC a decade after the dismissal of the suit. Tanna claimed that he was in prison for seven years - from September 2001 to November 2007 and hence he could not look after the court proceeding.He submitted before the court that he came to know about rejection of his suit only after he came out of jail in 2007. Justice Dave refused to believe the argument and dismissed his petition for compensation on the ground that his suit was dismissed by the lower court six months before he went to jail. Moreover, he could not explain why he moved HC four years after he was released from jail. Against the rejection of this petition, Tanna has moved the division bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591858", "title": "Rain likely today, dense fog at IGI by weekend", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites can expect light rains on Thursday with the Met office predicting a cloudy sky cover over the city. In addition, the IGI Met has said that an active western disturbance might lead to a dense fog at the airport later in the week.\"Due to approaching of a very active western disturbances and formation induced cyclonic circulation, there will be overcast clouding on December 12 afternoon till December 14 morning with light rainfall on December 13 and colder day temperature. In consequent to such wet and colder weather, strong indications suggest light winds thereafter and, hence, it is now that Delhi airport will have a very short spell of CAT-III dense fog from the night of December 14 to or December 15,'' said an official from IGI Met.The Met recorded 2 mm rainfall till 8:30 am on Wednesday over the last 24-hours but no rains in the city thereafter. On Tuesday, temperatures had dipped to a low 18 degrees following a drizzle all over the city and Met officials say that the rainy days in December were not yet over.On Wednesday, the maximum temperature was 18.7 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal while the minimum temperature was 7.7 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature is expected to increase a little to 23-24 degrees Celsius over the next two days while the minimum will increase slightly to 9 degrees Celsius even as light rain is expected on Thursday and thunderstorms with possibility of rain on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17595938", "title": "Spurt in unclaimed baggage numbers as customs suspends courier licence", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: With the Central Excise and Customs suspending all custom house agent (courier) licences at the Trivandrum International Airport, citing security reasons, there has been a sudden spurt in the number of unaccompanied baggage arriving at the airport remaining unclaimed, a senior customs official said.\"In the last 10 days, 260 passengers collected their unaccompanied baggage that were declared bona fide -- luggage brought by the owners -- by the customs. However, 150 baggage claims are yet to be collected as the customs have asked the passengers to identify their stuff. We sent 50 summons by speed post and no one has come forward to claim their luggage as they are possibly afraid of being questioned. It is likely that they would not know the contents in the bags,\" the official said. Meanwhile, local agents have been holding a dharna in front of the cargo complex demanding that the baggage be released to them. Around 200 tonnes of unaccompanied baggage (UB) is yet to be cleared from the UB centre.\"The unaccompanied baggage facility is being exploited by unscrupulous elements for importing goods that would be later sold in the market. So, a bona fide verification of passengers was carried out and some passengers against whose names they were brought in refused to show up,\" said customs and excise additional commissioner G Ravindranath.As per rules, only used household and personal articles can be flown in as unaccompanied baggage by people who have been residing aboard.They are required to bring in the luggage within one month of their arrival in India. \"Normally, the unaccompanied baggage may reach India up to two months before the arrival of the passenger. As the contents are exempted from duty, local agents have begun using this channel to import brand new goods like perfume, electronics items and food items such as chocolates so as to avoid paying tax,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595721", "title": "Parents' protests turn ugly at DAV Public Schools", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: DAV Public Schools across the state witnessed yet another day of parents' wrath over the 'exorbitant' fee hike on Wednesday.The All Odisha DAV School Parents' Coordination Committee had called for a boycott of classes protesting against the decision of school authorities to hike fees while the matter is sub-judice at the Supreme Court.The protest took an ugly turn at DAV Public School, Sector VI, in Cuttack when the parents allegedly ransacked the school building. The school authorities have lodged a police complaint against the parents, a source said. The parents' committee has also filed a counter FIR against the school authorities alleging that school staff manhandled them.Hundreds of disgruntled parents gathered outside their respective school campus shouting slogans and prohibited children from entering the schools. Some teachers, on the other hand, were seen calling and pulling students inside the school. Many students also jumped boundaries to sit for the unit test which was scheduled for Wednesday.\"The school authorities have scheduled the exam on this day deliberately. There are some parents who think about their child only instead of the collective interest send their kids to school,\" said Akshaya Mahakud, general secretary of DAV Parents' Association, Unit-VIII.Meanwhile, the matter was also figured in the assembly when BJD MLA Ashok Panda raised the issue prompting the Speaker Pradip Amat to ask the school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda to give a statement in this regard during the current session.Parents locked up the main gate of DAV Schools in Pokhariput and Kalinga Nagar area of the city when the teachers tried to let some students enter the school premises. Similar tension also prevailed at the DAV Public School in Gandarpur area of Cuttack where tussle between teachers and parents were reported.Principal of DAV Public School, Unit-VIII, Bhagyabati Nayak said: \"Despite protest of parents we conducted examination in our school on Wednesday and those kids did not appear the test will be marked absent. All the parents belong to intellectual class and by showing such kind of behavior they are only harming the future of their kids.\" She maintained that the fee-hike was as per the notice of the Supreme Court.On the other hand the parents' association said: \"When the matter is pending in the Supreme Court the school authorities should not have issued any notice of fee hike. We are going to file a contempt of court case against them,\" Mahakud said.Besides protesting against fee hike DAV Parents' Association in Rourkela raised the local issues during the demonstration. \"Although the school management has increased the fees by 100 per cent there has been no development either in infrastructure or academics,\" said Narahari Das, a parent.(With inputs from Cuttack and Rourkela)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17591471", "title": "Election Commission raps Gujarat police chief", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17596081", "title": "Anna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s crusade gets a General Singh boost", "text": "VARANASI: Aimed at mobilising the country's youth against corruption, Anna Hazare and former Army chief General VK Singh will begin a campaign from Patna's Gandhi Maidan on the occasion of martyrs' day on January 30.Anna and Gen Singh announced the schedule of their proposed one and a half year long campaign to create awareness among youth while addressing an impressive gathering of students at Bharat Mata Mandir premises here on Wednesday. On finding an enthused crowd, Hazare announced that the campaign will begin on the day the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi attained martyrdom. \"The campaign will be aimed at creating awareness among youngsters for their active participation in nation-building. We will be travelling across the country to hold meetings with youths in this regard. Around four to five such meetings will also be held in the districts of UP,\" he said.A huge gathering of students and student leaders from various universities and colleges of eastern UP districts was present at this meeting. Before addressing the crowd, Anna along with Singh offered prayers at Bharat Mata Mandir. Hinting that the campaign will be held in view of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, he said that until the youth of the country realize the importance of their vote, the wrong people would continue reaching the parliament. One must have the right to reject wrong people contesting the election, said Anna, encouraging youngsters to be ready for a massive agitation during which they may face brutality and also go behind the bars.He said that it was easier to fight for freedom against British rule than it is to fight with our own corrupt people, but the task is not impossible. He said that in last 65 years, the country has witnessed immense increment in cases of loot, cheat and corruption. Expressing concern over the existing education system, he said that the poor are still deprived of their right to education and rich people are busy in trading of education for commercial gains.Reacting over FDI in retail, Anna said that inviting foreign companies and snatching land from farmers, selling rivers, forests and natural resources can't be termed development. Development can't be ensured at the cost of nation, nature and countrymen, he said. It is really unfortunate to see that a majority of the people are struggling for three square meals while some people are living to eat, he added. Anna also appealed to the gathering to stay in touch with the campaign by sending SMS on 9923599234.Meanwhile, Gen Singh emphasised on generating employment opportunities for youngsters. He said that over 200 districts of the country are Naxal-affected due to lack of employment and development in their areas. He said around 71 percent of India's population is young, but this is not reflected in the Parliament. \"We are being divided on the basis of caste, creed and religion. Common man's participation has completely vanished from our democracy. Youngsters should come forward to remove those people who have been exploiting the country for 65 years. Like Army personnel, everyone should consider their country as the first priority, he said, and called upon youngsters to join their campaign which will be launched from Patna.After addressing this meeting, the two left for Sarva Sewa Sangh, Rajghat to take part in a meeting with activists of India Against Corruption (IAC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592630", "title": "'Talented sportspersons to get direct recruitment in police dept'", "text": "PATNA: In a bid to encourage sports in the state, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Wednesday announced the appointment of exceptionally talented sportspersons of the state directly on various posts in the police department and vowed to implement it before March next when the state will be hosting All India Police Athletics Meet.Inaugurating the 61st B N Mullik Memorial All India Police Football Championship at the Moinul Haq Stadium here, the CM said funds will never come in the way of sports promotion. \"The state government is ready to spend any amount on sports so that the changing scenario of the state is also reflected through the games. If the youth of the state are to be channelized in constructive direction, sports has to be promoted at any cost,\" Nitish said.The CM also assured that the Kankerbagh sports complex would have all the international standards so that state's players get exposure to the best of talents across the world and asked minister of youth, art and culture department Sukhda Pandey to explore the possibilities of opening an academy dedicated to sports. The CM will also seriously look into the demands for renovation of Moinul Haq Stadium. \"This has been a long-pending demand. But I think the renovation of the stadium won't serve the purpose, it should be rather demolished and redesigned,\" the CM said.Extending his best wishes to over 1,000 sportspersons of 31 teams, the CM said it is a proud moment for the state to host the event after 22 years. He hoped Bihar, like last year's hosts Assam, would win the championship this time under the leadership of IPS officer Jitendra Rana. Bihar, incidentally, were outsted from the tournament last year at pre-quarterfinals level. Apart from teams of various state police; CRPF, RPF, BSF and ITBP are also participating in the 10-day tournament, which will be played simultaneously at Patna, Bettiah, Munger and Gaya.Earlier, welcoming CM and other guests, DGP Abhayanand said, \"After successfully organizing the 60th All India Police Volleyball (Cluster) Championship on the BMP premises in Patna this year, we decided to organize this tournament in Bihar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592192", "title": "Centre urged to waive taxes on units in Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has urged union commerce ministry to not levy minimum alternative tax (MAT) and dividend distribution tax ( DDT ) on units coming up in Mihan special economic zone (SEZ). The centre had announced that the two taxes would not be levied on units in SEZ but then it reversed its policy.\"As soon as the central government took this decision many companies that had planned to set up units in Mihan SEZ told Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) that they had dropped their plans to set up new units as they would not get any tax sops. I had personally requested the then union commerce minister Anand Sharma to consider Mihan SEZ as a special case as it was being developed by Maharashtra government. I am pursuing the case,\" he told the state assembly.CM claimed that in spite of such obstacles several companies had started investing in Mihan. \"Well known companies like Boeing , TAL, Infosys , Mahindra Satyam , TCS and Lupin Pharma have started construction of their units. This was possible due to our dedicated marketing efforts.\"Answering to queries raised by Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe and others, CM said that Mihan's land acquisition was in its final stages and only 134 hectare remained to be taken over for the second runway.\"This process will be over soon but in the meantime we will do another road show to attract more industries to Mihan SEZ,\" Chavan said.Earlier, replying to queries on rehabilitation of PAPs, minister of state Fauzia Khan said that there were 2,643 project affected persons (PAPs) of which 1,304 have agreed to accept the compensation package. \"Of these 938 persons had opted for monetary compensation while 366 had chosen 12.5% developed land near Mihan. The remaining persons will get monetary compensation. They do not have any other option,\" she made it clear.BJP MLC Shobhatai Fadnavis pointed out that even though the houses located in Jaitala and Shivangaon and that proposed to be acquired for CIDCO Phase II had been excluded from acquisition no notification to that effect have been issued. When Khan did not reply, council chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh told her to convene a meeting in her chamber and sort out the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17595965", "title": "Beautician course for women inmates", "text": "MYSORE: Women inmates at the Central Jail are trying their hands in beautician courses.The women, who are usually trained in tailoring, embroidery and jewel making to make them self-reliant after their release, are now being trained in beautician course given the increasing demand for it.The six-month beautician course is being conducted by JSS Jana Shikshana Kendra, wherein the inmates are taught threading, facial, manicure, pedicure, waxing and different hair styles. Around 20 inmates are being trained in the first batch of the course.Speaking to TOI, Indira M, a trainer with JSS Jana Shikshana Kendra, said: \"A few of the inmates are showing great interest. It would really help them when they are released.\"The training is held for two hours every day between 11.30am and 2pm, barring government holidays and Sundays. A similar course was held five years ago at the jail and 15 inmates were trained then. One of them has opened a beauty parlour in Mandya after her release, she said.The inmates will receive a certificate of completion after six months. With the certificate, they can join any beauty parlour or open their own parlour.Bharati, an inmate, said: \"This will surely help us when we are released. Even if we can't open a parlour, we can at least join a parlour or practice at home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591705", "title": "SIT to probe Lingaraju case", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday appointed a special investigation team (SIT) to probe the recent murder of RTI activist Lingaraju.Pranab Mohanty, Joint commissioner of police (Crime- West), will head the team in which Abdul Ahad, SP of CID, will be a member. The head of the team can also co-opt other officers for the purpose of investigation.The team has been asked to complete the probe by February 10, 2013.Meanwhile, Sadashiva murthy, former director of prosecution, has been appointed as special public prosecutor in the case.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen also recommended to the government for bringing out rules and regulations as part of a policy for protecting whistle blowers, RTI activists and complainants in serious cases as done in Haryana last year.The government assured the court that all protection would be provided to the family of deceased Lingaraju..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17595823", "title": "Homeless girl threatens self-immolation", "text": "SAMBALPUR: She knocked on every door for her family's security in the last two months but in vain. Her self-immolation threat in front of the collectorate finally woke up the administration on Wednesday.Kalpana Seth of Jamloi village within Jujomora police limits alleged that the district administration and police did not come to her family's rescue when villagers destroyed their house over past enmity. They were manhandled and driven out of the village. \"I ran from pillar to post seeking shelter for my family but none paid heed to my pleas,\" she said.The family has since been moving from one place to another looking for a safe place to reside. \"I had gone to the police station to lodge a complaint but cops turned me away saying that it was a village matter,\" she alleged. She had also met the collector at his grievance cell but to no avail.Collector P K Rath said efforts are on to resettle the family in the village. \"It is a serious matter and the family will be provided adequate security,\" he said.Additional SP (Sambalpur) D K Deo said a case has already been registered. \"The villagers managed to get anticipatory bails before police could arrest them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591078", "title": "Born in the East, died in the West, Ravi Shankar wowed the world", "text": "MUMBAI: To say it is a sad day for India would diminish a man whose music comes alive every time a child sings 'Saare jahaan se achha' or a film-buff watches Satyajit Ray's Pather Panchali or a connoisseur tunes into one of his many recordings\u00e2\u20ac\u201dboth solo or with other musical greats. As another maestro Zakir Hussain said about 'Ravi uncle', \"Beings like him don't die. They just go back to heaven to take their rightful place amongst Gods.\"The sitar maestro passed away in the Scripps Memorial Hospital in San Diego, California, where he had been admitted for surgery last week. He was 92. He is survived by his wife Sukanya and daughters Anoushka Shankar , and Norah Jones\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfrom an earlier relationship. His son Shubhendra from his first wife Annapurna passed away in 1992.A life as sparkling as a ragamala started in India's most musical city, Varanasi, where he was born Rabindra Shankar Chowdhury in 1920 to Hemangini and Shyam Shankar Chowdhury, a scholar and barrister, originally from Bangladesh. He remained very close to his mother, but his father left the family and moved on to Kolkata and London, and got remarried to an Englishwoman, Miss Morrell. Shankar's mother was left to raise her four sons with the help of a pension from the Maharaja of Jhalawar, in whose court his father had served as the diwan.His earliest memories are imbued with the sound of shahnai that used to be played in the temples and palaces that dotted the ghats of Varanasi.At the age of ten, his life took a dramatic turn when his eldest brother Uday Shankar threw him into the salons and stages of glamorous Paris where he had already established himself as an accomplished dancer about whom James Joyce said, \"He moves on the stage like a semi-divine being. Believe me, there are still some beautiful things left in this world.\" These years were perhaps deeply formative in shaping India's most extraordinary global ambassador of music, who eventually attracted artistes such as George Harrison , Yehudi Menuhin, Zubin Mehta and Philip Glass, to collaborate with him.In his charming autobiography Raga Mala, Ravi Shankar writes about 'dada' (Uday Shankar), \"He was the first one to direct my attention towards stagecraft, showmanship, manners and discipline on the stage. And yes, his insatiable passion for women and sex influenced me greatly in my life too!\"But alongside this colourful cosmopolitan world there existed another, very different one\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe stark and rigorous world of the guru-shishya parampara. He began his musical training under the legendary Baba Allauddin Khan as a young teenager, strangely while on a ship headed out to Europe. He once recalled how Baba had bound his son Ali Akbar Khan to a tree, whipped him, and kept him there for two days after which he made him practise for 12 to 15 hours a day. That's when his turning point as a musician started.Ravi Shankar eventually married his guru's daughter Annapurna with whom he had a fractious relationship which eventually ended up in divorce. Various relationships later, Ravi Shankar finally ended up having his most enduring one with a woman 34 years younger than him, Sukanya Rajan, who he married after the birth of their daughter Anoushka.Most of his musical career took him away from India. In 1954, he was part of India's first big cultural delegation to go abroad, sent by Jawaharlal Nehru. In 1966 he met George Harrison, one of the Beatles , who became his friend and disciple and suddenly put the strains of the sitar onto the world stage, a post-World War globe that was craving solace which came through the medium of music, yoga and philosophy. This was when Ravi Shankar played in the memorable Madison Square Garden concert for Bangladesh, and also at the Woodstock Festival. Suddenly, he became the Karma Cola ambassador, and the world wanted to know more about India.In his introduction to Ravi Shankar's biography, Harrison writes, \"Without Ravi, I would have ended up a boring old fart. Some people may still say I'm a boring old fart, but at least my life was enhanced and given much more depth through the ancient Indian culture, and Ravi was my contact with it.\"Ravi Shankar is perhaps the most enduring musical legend of the twentieth century. At the end of his autobiography, astonishingly candid for a world filled with hagiography, he writes, \"Baba always said that music is not made for commercial purpose. Music is like worshipping, and through music you worship God. However, like many other people's, mine is an imperfect quest... we can never count on quite getting there. For me, it is through music that I feel nearest to my ultimate goal.\" This honest acceptance of his imperfections as a human being very likely contributed to drawing him closer to perfection as a musician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591802", "title": "CVC bats for e-tendering process to curb graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday said that the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has asked it and all the Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) \"to adopt and follow e-tendering solution\" in their procurement activities to reduce corruption in public delivery systems.Minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy, while responding to a Parliament question, said that the government has been emphasizing the use of modern technology to bring about transparency and accountability in all state organizations.In his written response in the Lok Sabha, the minister said the CVC has recommended adoption of e-payments and other measures for reduction of person-to-person interface while making payments.\"The use of computers in the railways and in the income tax department are good examples of the salutary effects modern technology has had on reducing corruption in both the organizations,\" he said.To a question on use of technology to minimize corruption in day to day life, the minister said the use of modern information and communication technology can reduce direct contact between citizens and public servants and thus reduce the scope of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591418", "title": "Files of Adarsh scam, other CBI cases missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday informed the Lok Sabha that files pertaining to six CBI cases, including Mumbai's Adarsh Housing Society scam, are missing hampering the probe in some of these matters.Minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said that though no centralized data about missing of files was maintained, the CBI has informed that files and documents pertaining to six cases have gone missing from some state governments.He said this included Adarsh scam in which the CBI has informed that files regarding deletion of road and clearance of the housing society were \"missing or stolen\".\"Due to the missing documents, certain approval given in the file of Adarsh could not be documentarily established,\" he said, adding, \"it is not a major handicap for the trial\".Narayanasamy said, \"Any violation of the instructions will attract disciplinary actions under relevant rules.\"In other cases, mainly pertaining to Jharkhand, the minister said files related to investigations against officers involved in corruption cases including sale and purchase of non-transferable land have been missing.He said most of these cases were transferred to the CBI by the state government authorities concerned, but the missing files deemed crucial have been affecting the process of investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592937", "title": "Varsity shames medicals with \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcgrace\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: Medical students want the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University to remove the remark \"passed with grace marks\" from their mark sheets. They plan to submit their petitions on Thursday, after the swearing-in ceremony of the new vice-chancellor, Dr D Shantharam.Students said a mark sheet with such a remark would not allow them to continue with post-graduate studies or get jobs in good hospitals. \"It is better to fail in the exam than have grace marks mentioned on our mark sheets. It is like an albatross around the neck,\" said a final year medical student.The Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University had decided that it would not award more than five marks as grace to students to help them clear their examinations. It also decided to mention it on the mark sheet if it awarded grace marks to a student.A senior university official said the decision was taken only because it wanted the student to know that he or she had been awarded grace marks. \"We did not want them to think they passed because they did well,\" he said. In August 2010, then vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan introduced several changes and tightened examination rules after the university was criticised for giving up to 49 marks extra to help students pass exams.The Medical Council of India, the regulatory body for medical education in the country, has clearly said a university can award only up to five marks as grace to students. \"Students need 50% to pass their exams and 49 marks were given as grace. We had received letters from an international doctors' body questioning the quality of medical education. It was embarrassing. That's why we tightened the rules,\" said Dr Natarajan. The General Medical Council, the regulatory body for doctors in the UK, had written to the university.But the students were not convinced. \"His rules are autocratic. The Medical Council of India does not ask him to remark on grace marks. This university does not give students the option of revaluation. It is unfair,\" said Dr G R Ravindranth, who heads the Doctors' Association for Social Equality.Senior academicians including deans of several medical colleges said they would urge the university to revise the mark sheets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17592920", "title": "'Made many mistakes, but I'll reform myself'", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco said on Wednesday that despite being out of power in the current BJP regime, he was experiencing a sense of being \"powerful\", as the government-to which his Goa Vikas Party has extended support-has always been responsive to the developmental needs of his constituency.\"I have been the minister in various governments in the last 12 years. However, the number of development works that I carried out in my constituency during the last nine months far exceeds those I did in the last 12 years,\" Pacheco said, while addressing the gathering at his birthday celebrations held at Betalbatim. He further complimented the chief minister for doing a \"fine job\".Admitting that he had committed many mistakes in his personal life and in his political career, Pacheco expressed his regrets and vowed to reform himself. He however chose to hit out at his detractors but stopped short of naming anybody. \"They made every effort to malign me...The current government is only nine months old and there are four more years to go,\" Pacheco said, perhaps indicating that he would be having the last laugh.The GVP supremo was earlier felicitated by health minister Laxmikant Parsekar.Earlier in the day, chief Minister Manohar Parrikar visited Pacheco at his residence and greeted him, before making a dash to the national capital to receive an award for politics. Sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar and power minister Milind Naik were also spotted at the Pacheco residence in the afternoon. At the public function at Betalbatim, industries minister Mahadev Naik, tourism minister Dilip Paruleker, fisheries minister Avertano Furtado, were among the dignitaries present, along with MLAs Anant Shet, Rohan Khaunte, Subhash Phal Desai, Ganesh Gaonkar, Dayanand Mandreker, Lavu Maledar, Subhash 'Rajan' Naik, Nilesh Cabral, Caitano Silva, Benjamin D'Silva, and Wilfred Misquita. BJP leader Narendra Sawaiker was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17595869", "title": "Six die in lightning in Kendrapada, Jagatsinghpur districts", "text": "KENDRAPADA: At least six persons died and 12 were injured in lightning strikes in Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur districts on Wednesday.Among the deceased were three labourers of Paradip. \"A couple, Ratnakar Rout and Puspanjali Rout, and Dhaneswar Jena died after being struck by lighting,\" said ADM of Paradip Surjit Das. The other three casualties were reported from Jamboo, Shyamasundarpur and Iswarapur villages in Kendrapada.The strong winds damaged about 300 thatchedhouses and uprooted trees in both the districts affecting road communication. A woman sustained serious injuries at Pattamundai after a tree fell on the car she was sitting in. \"Six persons, including two children, were injured by flying roof tiles and metal sheets in Dera village,\" said Tapan Parida of the village.Kendrapada collector D P Behera said the authority will soon clear uprooted trees lying on the roads. \"Some schools and cyclone shelters are jam-packed with woman and children who fled their villages fearing cyclone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17596606", "title": "Micromax appoints Shubhodip Pal as chief marketing officer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Micromax announced the appointment of its new Chief Marketing Officer, Shubhodip Pal, who will lead all marketing efforts of Micromax globally.Over the past 16 years Pal has worked in the consumer space, in the areas of strategizing and implementing new and innovative campaigns. In his last role, he was heading BLYK India, a mobile messaging company and was successful in launching India's First Mobile magazine catering to the Youth as its Country Manager &amp; Director. In his tenure at Blyk, he successfully established the service with Aircel as one of the most powerful youth engagement platforms within first year of its launch, today BLYK on Aircel has over 3.7 Million opted in users.In his 16 years of career spent at global renowned brands such as Samsung , ABN AMRO, HP and Blyk, Pal has earned several national and international industry recognitions. He was rated as one of the Top 8 Young Marketers in 2009 by Brand Equity survey by Economic Times.Shubhodip Pal on his new role says, \"It is quite exciting to be at Micromax at a time when the company is experiencing such an amazing period of growth/transformation and is gearing up to move to the next phase.\"Commenting on his appointment, Mr Rahul Sharma , Co-founder, Micromax said \"Shubhodip brings with him a great track record as a marketer; tremendous level of energy; experience and enthusiasm that will help the Micromax brand reach newer heights of success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17592804", "title": "Gaya hooch toll mounts to 11", "text": "GAYA: With three more deaths, the toll in the spurious liquor tragedy has risen to 11 and the official machinery has been geared up to block the supply chain of the killer drink and ensure non-consumption by boozers who may have got access to spurious pouches. Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi confirmed 11 deaths. All the victims are Mahadalits.That the spurious liquor business was going on for years if not decades under Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) area and the godown was located midway between Rampur and medical college police stations on the state highway has caused acute embarrassment to the police and excise department officials.Meanwhile, the disappearance of the seven persons who consumed the hooch and were admitted to Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College and Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya, continues to be shrouded in mystery. No less damaging is the callous response of the medical college superintendent who washed his hands off saying that retention of inmates was not the hospital's responsibility as the hospital was not a jail and patients cannot be kept in keys and locks.The Gaya police have registered a case against five persons under various sections of the IPC and the SC/ST Act on several charges including criminal conspiracy. According to Magadh Range DIG Naiyyer Hasnain Khan, the police have procured court order for house search of the accused. Mantu Yadav, the main accused in the case, continues to abscond.Meanwhile, the DIG has constituted a special investigation team to investigate the hooch tragedy. The SIT is headed by City SP Akhtar Hussain. The team includes two DSPs and five SHOs. The SIT will work under the supervision of the SSP, Vinay Kumar.Raids are being conducted throughout the Magadh police range to unearth spurious liquor sale and identify the vendors. The raids have yielded dividends as, besides spurious liquor, tools and other implements used in the making of spurious liquor have been seized, said the DIG. Asked about the dereliction of duty, if not connivance of the local police and excise department officials, the DIG said the issue will be taken up at a later stage as the priority right now was to prevent further sale and consumption of spurious liquor and arrest the culprits. A massive awareness campaign has been launched to sanitise people against the use of spurious liquor, said DM Bandana Preyasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591102", "title": "Rajasthan state engineering college society refuses to revise teachers' salary", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan Engineering Colleges Society has expressed its inability to give revised pay scales to teachers in the existing fee structure. The private engineering colleges have a provisional (uniform) fees of Rs 60,000 which they claim is the lowest charged by any engineering college in India.The society has shot a letter to the Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) explaining them the need to hike fees to enhance the quality of education and expand facilities. The move came after RTU asked the affiliated colleges to submit affidavits stating that they are giving revised pay scales to their teachers.Nitin Talesara, joint secretary of Rajasthan Engineering Colleges Society, proposed the fees be hiked to at least Rs 80,000, which is required to meet the sixth pay commission, maintenance of laboratories, annual increments and further developments.Association of Private Engineering Colleges has proposed a hike from the existing Rs 60,000 to Rs 70,000 per annum citing growing expenses on account of revised pay scales, maintaining huge campuses, introducing new subjects and imparting quality education.\"At least Rs 78,000 is required to meet the requirements - sixth pay commission, maintenance of laboratories, annual increments and further developments,\" said Arvind Agarwal, principal of Arya Group of Colleges, adding that in the present situation colleges are left with no option but to keep the developmental projects at the bay.RTU has been receiving many complaints of irregularities in salaries. In many colleges, B Tech students have been recruited on the post of assistant professors against the AICTE norms which mandate an M Tech degree for the job.According to AICTE pay norms, the pay band for assistant professors is Rs 15,600-Rs 39,100 but many of the private colleges are paying them between Rs 8,000-Rs 20,000. For associate professors, the pay band is Rs 37,400-Rs 67,000 but they are paid Rs 16,000 to Rs 45,000; and for professors the band is Rs 37,400-67,000 but they receive anywhere between Rs 30,000-Rs 60,000 in these colleges.RTU has 154 colleges with around 5,000 faculty members. Data from RTI and other sources revealed that 70% of the faculty is underpaid. They are getting salaries in tune with pay scales implemented in 1996.The colleges say that financial constraints are forcing them to recruit poor quality faculty. They are even hesitant in introducing new courses like aeronautical, petroleum and textile engineering.Jaipur: Rajasthan Engineering Colleges Society has expressed its inability to give revised pay scales to teachers in the existing fee structure which they find it not even sufficient to meet the needs. The present Private engineering colleges have provisional (uniform) flat fees of Rs 60,000 which, they claimed is among the minimum charged by engineering colleges in India.The society has shot a letter to the Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) explaining them the need to hike fees to enhance the quality of education and to expand the facilities. The move came after RTU had asked the affiliated colleges to submit affidavits stating that they are giving revised pay scales to their teachers.Nitin Talesara, Joint secretary, of Rajasthan Engineering Colleges Society proposed the hike of at least Rs 80,000 fee is required to meet the requirements - sixth pay commission, maintenance of laboratories, annual increments and further developments.The Association of Private Engineering Colleges has proposed a hike from the existing Rs 60,000 to Rs 70,000 per annum citing growing expenses on account of revised pay scales, maintaining huge campuses, introducing new subjects and imparting quality education.\"At least Rs 78,000 fee is required to meet the requirements - sixth pay commission, maintenance of laboratories, annual increments and further developments,\" said Arvind Agarwal, principal of Arya Group of Colleges adding that in the present situation colleges are left with no option to keep the developmental projects at the bay.RTU has been receiving many complaints of irregularities in salaries. In many colleges, B Tech students have been recruited on assistant professor posts against the AICTE norm which mandates M Tech degree for the job.According to AICTE pay norms, the pay band for assistant professor is Rs 15,600-Rs 39,100 by many of the private collages are paying Rs 8,000-Rs 20,000. For associate professor, the norm is Rs 37,400-Rs 67,000 but the private colleges pay Rs 16,000-Rs 45,000 and for professor the band is Rs 37,400-67,000 but they received Rs 30,000-Rs 60,000 in these colleges.RTU has 154 colleges with around 5,000 faculty members. Data from RTI and other sources revealed that 70% of the faculty is underpaid. They are getting salaries in tune with pay scales which came into effect in 1996.These colleges say the financial constraint is forcing them to recruit poor-quality faculty. They are even hesitant in introducing new courses like aeronautical, petroleum and textile engineering branches which are not a feasible option in the current fee structure, authorities of these colleges said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596009", "title": "'David' trailer set to release online first", "text": "Filmmaker Bejoy Nambiar has chosen to release the trailer of his next, \" David\", online first. He feels he will be able to attract the movie's target audience, the youth, in a better way through this route.\"David\" is a story of three different Davids in three different time zones.\"Initially, the film's trailer was to be released with ' Khiladi 786' , which released last week, or with 'Dabangg 2', which is due to release on Dec 21. But Bejoy decided otherwise. He believes his core audience is the youth, which is more into the internet. The trailer can go viral that way,\" said a source.\"Bejoy doesn't want the trailer to appear in theatres first, even though it is the primary outlet for first looks and promos of a film. It can be in theatres only once it is online,\" the source added.\"David\" is an edgy film, and Nambiar of \"Shaitan\" fame wants to keep his marketing innovative for the project.The first trailer of the film will go online Dec 14 via micro-blogging site Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17596102", "title": "Youth vie to get clicked with Anna", "text": "VARANASI: While Anna Hazare was accorded a warm welcome on the occasion of his first arrival in the city, the crowd that had gathered to listen to him went out of control on many occasions at Bharat Mata Mandir premises on Wednesday.The excited youths in the crowd indulged in fighting in a bid to assemble nearer to Anna. The police and security staff had to intervene to normalize the situation. Meanwhile, the fan following of the anti-corruption crusader could easily be estimated with a huge number of youngsters who reached close to the dais to capture Anna in their cellphones and cameras.In fact, the stage where Anna was sitting along with Gen Singh remained packed with student leaders, young boys and girls for around 15 to 20 minutes as they were busy clicking photographs with Anna and Singh. Singh himself had to appeal to the gathering to maintain decorum and discipline in the premises.Students from Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Sampurnanad Sanskrit University (SSU), Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV), Allahabad University, Purvanchal University and several others institutions of neighbouring districts were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17595483", "title": "Australian media watchdog opens probe into royal prank call", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's media watchdog today launched a probe into the broadcast of a prank call by a Sydney-based radio station to a UK hospital treating pregnant Princes Kate that led to the death of an Indian-origin nurse.Australian Communications and Media Authority used its special powers to launch a rare \"own motion\" probe contrary to other cases where it has to wait for complaints.A spokesman of the authority said the body would investigate whether the licence holder Today FM Sydney Pty Ltd, breached its licence conditions or the industry's code of practice, The Age newspaper reported.It will examine whether the network breached standards of decency, invaded privacy or broke rules of consent.The media watchdog said it \"will be seeking to expedite this investigation and does not propose making any further statement while its investigation is underway\".It is believed public hearings are unlikely.Jacintha Saldanha, 46, was found dead after she was duped into giving up information about Prince William's wife, Catherine, to two Australian DJs, who fooled her into thinking they were the Queen and Prince Charles live on air.The stunned radio hosts - Michael Christian and Mel Greig - have since stepped down from their show following the tragedy and have apologized for their action.The paper quoted a 2Day FM spokeswoman who said an internal investigation found that \"all procedures and protocols were adhered to.\"However, no details of the investigation were released.If it is found that the station breached a licence condition, then it could lose its right to broadcast, may be subject to tighter restrictions and possibly a hefty fine.The paper refereed that under the probe the Parent company Southern Cross Austereo could be forced to name the employees who approved the prank. The information has been till now been refused.Those who could face a inquiry are station content director Derek Bargwanna, station manager Jeremy Simpson, national content director Craig Bruce and metropolitan radio chief Guy Dobson. Both the DJs and producers Emily Mills and Ben Harlum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17595462", "title": "Nationwide mobile number portability by February: Telecom minister Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal today said nationwide Mobile Number Portability (MNP) is expected to be rolled out by February next year, which will allow users to retain their numbers even if they move from one state to another.\"For the timely implementation of the National Telecom Policy (NTP) 2012, the Department of Telecom has finalised broad agenda for next three months from December 2012 to February 2013,\" Sibal said at the 'India Telecom 2012' here.Some of the key initiative in course to be completed by February 2013 are approval of spectrum assignment and pricing, unified licences regime, M&A; guidelines, finalisation of guidelines for spectrum sharing, creation of fund for R&D; and manufacturing and of course, MNP on a nationwide basis, he added.Currently, a user is allowed to switch to a different operator within his/her circle, while retaining his/her phone number.Under NTP 2012, the government had envisaged implementing MNP on a nationwide level allowing users to retain their mobile numbers even when they shift to a different telecom circle.India has 22 telecom circles.According to Trai, by the end of October 2012, about 75.14 million subscribers have submitted their requests to different service providers for porting their mobile number.In the month of September 2012, total number of subscribers who have submitted their request for MNP stood at 5.36 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london/melbourne", "code": "17592500", "title": "'Jacintha was found hanging'", "text": "LONDON/MELBOURNE: An Indian-origin nurse, who died in a suspected suicide after being duped by two Australian DJs' prank call to a hospital treating a pregnant Kate Middleton , was found hanging, British media said on Wednesday, a day before her autopsy results were due to be released.Forty-six-year-old Jacintha Saldanha, a mother-of-two who was staying in a block of nurses' flats, was found hanging on Friday last at her staff accommodation, three days after being fooled by the prank call during Kate's stay at the King Edward VII Hospital.The nurse's husband, 49-year-old Benedict Barboza, desperately tried to track her down in the hours before her suspected suicide. According to Daily Mirror, Barboza had not heard from his wife for two days so he phoned one of her friends to check on her.The death isn't being treated as suspicious. The cause, as determined by the autopsy, will not be released until a Westminster coroner's court hearing on Thursday, the Scotland Yard said. Labour MP Keith Vaz said the nurse had left a note for her family, which believes there are \"unexplained\" circumstances behind her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593054", "title": "Veteran singer Manas Chakraborty passes on", "text": "KOLKATA: Classical vocalist Pandit Manas Chakraborty passed away at a south Kolkata nursing home on Wednesday morning. The 72-year-old musician is survived by his wife and daughter.The singer has been unwell ever since he underwent a bypass surgery last month. He suffered a heart attack early on Wednesday morning while he was on ventilator support.Born in an traditional and illustrious family of classical musicians in east Bengal, Chakraborty was initiated into classical music by his father sangeetacharya Tarapada Chakraborty, himself a renowned and highly respected vocalist. He started his career as an understudy to his father, lending vocal support to him at conferences all over India. Over the years, he established himself as one of the leading exponents of classical music and turned into an institution in himself, known for his distinct ragadari.Apart from being an ace singer, Chakraborty was also a dedicated teacher who groomed scores of talented youngsters. Attached to the West Bengal Rajya Sangeet Academy, he has many disciples already who are eminent figures in the music world. Along with Pandit Jnanprakash Ghosh, Chakraborty released a cassette 'Gan-Shikhi-Gan-Gai' from the Rajya Sangit Academy. He has several records, cassettes and CDs to his credit.His contemporary Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty rated him as one of the greatest musicians in the modern era. \"His singing had a soulful quality and a unique devotion that was rare. Manas da would be lost in himself and his music when he performed. Even though he was known for his classical music, he was equally at ease singing Bengali numbers. I still remember his rendition of the song 'Pashaner buke likho na amar naam'. It goes without saying that he was an exceptional kheyal and thumri exponent. Few could sing like him,\" he said.His death was a personal loss to me, said Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty. \"When I came to Kolkata, there were three seniors whom I idolised and looked up to- Pinaki Chatterjee, Jagdish Prasad and Manas da. Of the three, I was very close to Manas da, who has always been like an elder brother. Since we shared the same surname, people would often ask me if I was Tarapada babu's son. I would tell them that even though I was not his son, Manas da was my elder brother,\" he recalled.Vocalist Ulhas Kashalkar described Chakraborty as \"a great musician and a teacher\". \"I first heard him in Kolkata many years ago and was charmed. In fact, I have grown up listening to his father. His death is a great loss for he was not just an outstanding vocalist, but also a devoted teacher who produced many talented singers,\" said Kashalkar.Recalling his 70th birthday, Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty said he had brought a huge garland to felicitate him. \"We were to perform together, like we had done on so many occasions. But he was taken aback looking at the size of the garland. 'What you have you done. This is bigger than me' he had said. You are much bigger than this garland, I told him,\" said Chakraborty.The singer has been unwell ever since he underwent a bypass surgery last month. He suffered a heart attack early on Wednesday morning while he was on ventillator support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592435", "title": "Alert auto driver helps catch chain-snatchers", "text": "MUMBAI: An auto driver's alacrity and pedestrians' alertness landed two thieves in jail after they tried to snatch a woman's purse in Versova after midnight on Tuesday. The woman, along with her husband, was returning home after a late-night movie.As the auto they were in slowed down after reaching Four Bungalows, where the couple stay, a motorcycle came close to it. The man riding pillion tried to snatch the woman's purse, which was dangling outside the vehicle, but his attempt failed. At his second attempt, the woman started shouting at him.It was then that the auto driver made the vehicle swerve to the left, making the biker lose his balance and fall. Passers-by rushed to the spot and caught the biker by the collar. But the pillion rider tried to flee. The auto driver and the woman's husband gave the man a chase and caught him in a minute or so.They called up the police, probably using a cellphone, and handed the duo over to the men in khaki when they arrived.\"We are inquiring if the accused, Shashank Warang (22) and Akash Pawar (20), who work in a private firm in Vile Parle, are involved in chain-snatchings that have been recently carried out in the area. The two told us they took to crime to fund their lifestyle,\" said an officer from the Versova police station.Senior police inspector Sharad Borse of the same police station said, \"The auto driver showed amazing presence of mind, which helped us arrest the accused. We booked them in a case of attempted robbery.\"Chain-snatchings have taken on menacing proportions in the city. On Tuesday afternoon in Charkop, two motorcycle-borne men snatched a gold chain worth Rs 90,000 from a woman. At the time, the victim, who is 38, was walking towards her brother's home in Kandivli along with a few woman relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596091", "title": "I-T staff demand new pay panel, strike work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On a call given by the national coordination committee, employees of income tax department, both gazetted and non-gazetted, boycotted work on Wednesday demanding fulfillment of their demands.As a result offices remained locked as employees boycotted work and held a meeting under the leadership of president, Yogeshwar Rai.Employees union secretary Nandan Sonkar said the central committee of the union is standing firmly with the employees. The government should also realise the fact that the demands of employees are genuine which should be fulfilled. Secretary, gazetted employees union, KN Sonkar said if the salary of private sector employees is revised every five years then why not the same is done for the salary of Central government employees. The government should constitute 7th pay commission and merge 50% DA with the basic salary, he said.Another speaker Deepak Kumar Singh said apart from setting up the 7th pay commission, the government should also merge DA with basic salary and time limit for contractual employees should be scrapped. The new pension scheme should be withdrawn and those appointed after 1/1/2004 should be included in the earlier pension scheme.The striking employees also demanded minimum five promotions during service period and all casual and daily wage employees should be regularised. The government should remove the capping on fresh appointments etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593486", "title": "Campaign against drunk driving launched", "text": "HYDERABAD: The World Health Organisation(WHO) in collaboration with city police launched a multi-media campaign against drunk driving in the twin cities here on Wednesday. Setting off the month-long awareness campaign, P V S Ramakrishna, DCP (traffic) flagged off display of a car, which was wrecked in an accident to sensitise general public on dangers of drunk driving.As part of the awareness campaign, filmmakers in the city will be encouraged to make short films on the theme \"Do Not Drink and Drive\".The participants will be given two days to complete the film. All the films made as part of this campaign will be circulated through social media to create larger awareness among young drivers. As per police records, a total of 10,277 drunken drivers were booked in Hyderabad from November 4, 2011 to November 3, 2012.The campaign is part of the Road Safety (RS-10) initiative launched by WHO in 10 countries across the globe. In India, the RS-10 project started in April 2010 and the first phase was completed in December 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591375", "title": "No relief for Sadananda Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice KN Keshavanarayana on Wednesday refused to exempt former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda from personal appearance on December 14, the day when the Lokayukta court takes up the case. The judge also refused to stay the proceedings.The case relates to a private complaint alleging illegal construction on government land and allotment of site under G category in Bangalore.Verdict reserved on TV reporter's bail plea Justice KN Keshavanarayana on Wednesday reserved his orders on petitions filed by Naveen Soorinje, a reporter with the Kannada television channel, and two other accused in the case related to the July 28 homestay attack incident at Mangalore.Venugopal and Tharanatha Alva are the other accused in the case who are seeking bail.During the hearing, Soorinje's counsel told the court that though the reporter was declared as \"absconding\" in the chargesheet, police themselves had issued him a security pass to attend a rally of Congress president Sonia Gandhi , much after the July incident. He further claimed that Soorinje can only be treated as a witness and not as an accused.As regards to a query by the court as to why he could not prevent the incident, Soorinje's counsel said that the number of attackers outnumbereed media persons.The government pleader told the court that all three who were seeking bail were present at the spot as per the FIR and requested the court to treat the issue as a serious incident as the attack scared the student community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591910", "title": "PMC told to finish JNNURM works without delay: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday said the state will pursue the matter of pending works under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) with the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Answering the question raised by city MLC Mohan Joshi in the state legislative council in Nagpur on Wednesday, Chavan said, \"Of the 11 projects sanctioned under JNNURM seven have been completed. Of the remaining, work on five projects is 85% complete and the remaining two projects are over 70% complete. Rs 1,585 crore have been utilized by the PMC for these projects so far.\" The PMC has provided the information to the state that pilot BRTS, Baner subway , Sangamwadi road and sewage treatment plant projects are complete.Chavan added, \"The state government is pursuing the PMC to complete the projects without any delay. The state will ensure that the PMC completes the work using all funds sanctioned by the Union government.\"The Centre had launched the JNNURM to improve infrastructure in 63 cities to match rapid urbanisation. For the JNNURM projects, the state's share is 20% and the Centre's share is 50% while the local self-government body bear the remaining 30%.The mission encourages cities to improve existing infrastructure in a financially sustainable manner. It has two sub-missions - the urban infrastructure and governance and the basic services to urban poor. As part of the JNNURM, the PMC drew up the city development plan (CDP) with an outlay of Rs 6,643 crore. The 14 projects being covered by the mission included roads, storm water drains, bus rapid transit system, water supply, solid waste management, sewage treatment, river and lake improvement, slum improvement and rehabilitation, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593734", "title": "State resources panel in favour of high tax on F1 Grand Prix tickets", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to increase the state's revenue earnings through tax, the state resources committee, on Tuesday recommended imposition of high taxes on tickets for the Formula One Grand Prix in Gautam Budh Nagar. Saying that the event was attended by persons who were capable of shelling out money to buy expensive tickets, Urban Development and minority affairs minister Azam Khan , who is also the chairperson of the committee, recommended that the formula one should be taxed heavily instead of being made tax-free.The Akhilesh Yadav-led Samajwadi Party government in desperate to increase the revenue to fulfill its poll promises like free laptops and tablets to students, loan waivers to farmers, financial aid to class X passed Muslim girls and class12th pass girls from economically and socially backward classes, unemployment allowance, free saris and blankets and cycles to one lakh labourers among others. The party wants to implement poll promises as early as possible with next Lok Sabha elections in mind, which are scheduled in 2014 but can be held earlier. In fact, in order to fulfill its poll promises, the SP government discontinued several welfare schemes worth Rs 4,861 crore introduced by the previous BSP regime in the name of dalit icons. Similarly, the formula one racing track was constructed during the Mayawati rule and was given tax exemption.The state resource committee has been formed especially to look into the possibilities of increasing revenue and plug the leakages. The committee will meet after every 15 days and will submit its report to the state government in three months. On Wednesday, the committee met for the first time. Several ministers, who are members of the committee were also present in the meeting. Azam got angry when he saw that some officers from different department had come unprepared. He also served a warning on the officials who skipped the meeting. There was a consensus that 'rich' should be taxed 'heavily' to fund the schemes for poor. Khan said products and services being used by middle and lower income groups should not be taxed heavily.Apart from increasing tax on tobacco products, Khan said that UP's excise policy should be reviewed before next fiscal. He said that a target of Rs 10,000 crore revenue through excise was heavily undervalued. He also suggested that the assessment of circle rates will be done annually instead of every two years. At present the circle rates are decided by the district magistrate. The committee, however, was of the view that rates should be finalised by the government. Khan also suggested increase in tax on items and services used by rich -- fuel for SUVs, rail engines, aircraft and helicopters. Land registration, minerals and mining, technical education and entertainment tax are some other areas which committee have scope of increasing revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595713", "title": "Zoo makes winter arrangements for inmates", "text": "KANPUR: With the weather turning colder by the day, Kanpur zoo administration has made special arrangements for keeping the zoo inmates warm.While carnivores animals are being given an increased feed of meet, the herbivores are being given jaggery and the birds multi-vitamins and liver tonics. Talking to TOI, zoo veterinarian DR RK Singh said tigers are being given 2kg extra meat and leopards one kg more than what they used to get earlier.He also said heaters have been installed in the enclosure of the big animals to keep them warm. The zoo authorities also lit bonfires in the enclosures of a number of wild animals, including zebra and deer, to protect them from the cold weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "macherla", "code": "17593771", "title": "Ex-sarpanch hacked to death for eloping with girl", "text": "MACHERLA: In a gruesome incident, a former village sarpanch of a tribal hamlet was hacked to death for eloping with a girl from another community as the elders in her family were against their marriage. The incident took place in the wee hours of Wednesday at Ekonampet village of Macherla mandal in Guntur district. Two others, including the girl who married the tribal leader, were also injured in the incident.According to information, Sreenu Naik, 30, of Ekonampet village fell in love with one Shaik Fatima, 23, of Macherla town a few years ago. However, Fathima's elders objected to their marriage as Sreenu Naik was already married and had two children. However, to get the consent of the family members of Fathima, Sreenu Naik, reportedly deserted his first wife and children.Even then the family members of the girl and religious elders strongly objected to Sreenu's marriage proposal to Fathima and warned him to keep away from her. The story took a curious twist when Fathima herself left home to live with Sreenu. The couple fled Macherla town and were residing at Ekonampet village. Feeling humiliated by Fathima's decision, her brothers reportedly began hatching a plot to eliminate Sreenu about six months ago and got the chance on Wednesday.Armed with deadly weapons, they reached the village in the early hours and tried to barge into the house. As the door was locked from inside, the assailants removed tiles on the roof and entered the house. At least three persons are said to have entered the house and hacked Sreenu to death. The victim died on the spot as he was attacked with sickles and axes and stabbed several times. When a terrified Fathima shouted for help, the offenders attacked her too leaving her with a severe head injury. A neighbour Sakru Naik, who rushed to the spot, was also attacked by the fleeing offenders. Sakru Naik suffered bleeding injuries. Locals rushed to the spot and took the injured to hospital. Macherla police launched an investigation into the case. With Sakru Naik's condition turning critical, the police shifted him to the Government General Hospital (GGH) at Guntur. Fathima is recovering at the Macherla government hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592264", "title": "Ensure safety of picnickers, HC tells Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday said it expects the state government to ensure the safety of those who participate in holiday and adventure camps conducted by unregistered organizers.A division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice K K Tated were hearing a PIL filed by Mulund residents Anil and Sunita Mahajan whose only son Harshal died during a trek to Kulu-Manali conducted by a private operator. He was in standard X.On October 5, 2012 the HC had directed the state government to reply stating whether it has any policy to regulate holiday camps. The court was informed that the affidavit is not filed. Additional government pleader Nitin Deshpande submitted that he has received no instruction because the assembly session is on. Just because the session is on does not mean you (government ) cannot take any decision,'' said Justice Sinha.Petitioners advocate Uday Warunjikar argued that it is unregistered organisations which are arranging holiday/adventure camps or mountaineering and trekking expeditions. They are not accountable to anyone. There is no guidelines or scheme to regulate them,'' he added. The judges , in their order, said the government in the ensuing vacations the government must ensure those who join camps by unregistered associations. Granting the government further time to reply, the judges directed the Union government and the Indian Mountaineering Federation to be added as parties in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17593121", "title": "CME prog on clinical governance", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Medical College (GMC), Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme on 'clinical governance' on December 20, at 3pm, in GMC's library auditorium. This is part of a series of GMC's Christmas lectures started in 2011. This year's lecture and CME programme will be conducted and delivered by Dr Anil Desai, consultant surgeon, Wexham Park Hospital, Slough, Berkshire-UK and Spire Thames Valley Hospital, London . Desai is an aluminus of GMC. The CME will be coordinated by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto and Dr Purushottam Desai, consultant cardiologist, London-UK. The CME and lecture is open to doctors and MBBS students, states a press note.Cultural performance by Philippines artistes: A six-member cultural troupe from the Philippines will perform on December 14, at 7pm, at the Institute Menezes Braganza hall, Panaji. The event is being jointly organized by the Indian council of cultural relations, the directorate of art and culture and Institute Menezes Braganza.Entry is free. The Sindaw Philippines Performing Art Guild is a Manila-based dance troupe that teaches, choreographs and performs a variety of dances ranging between folk, ballroom, modern and contemporary genres. The troupe includes Ana Ruth Celestra San Diego, Joana Patrick Cruz Usana, Karlo Aquino Sarque, Jacqueline Medina, Randy Carlos Guevara and Jasper Emil Tuazon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "17592846", "title": "Dacoits shoot professor, loot valuables worth Rs 10 lakh", "text": "MADHUBANI: Armed dacoits shot dead a professor and looted property worth Rs 10 lakh, including cash to the tune of Rs 1.75 lakh, from his house at Rajnagar in Madhubani on Tuesday night.Prof Lakshman Singh , HoD (commerce) of R K College-Madhubani, was asleep when 10 to 12 dacoits broke open the iron grill and forced their way into his house. One of them shot him in the eye. They then collected the cash, jewellery and other costly items and decamped with the booty.Singh was rushed to the Darbhanga Medical College &amp; Hospital where the doctors declared him brought dead. His elder son has lodged an FIR in the Rajnagar police station. Madhubani's officiating SP Sanjay Bharati said investigation was on and the culprits, though not named in the FIR, would be arrested soon.Angry residents of Rajnagar later blocked the Madhubani-Rajnagar main road on Wednesday, demanding immediate arrest of the culprits and adequate compensation to the deceased's family. L N Mithila University Teachers' Association president Chandra Mohan Jha, while expressing concern over the deteriorating law and order situation in the district, also demanded immediate arrest of the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591438", "title": "Boy underwent sports sessions even as he bled", "text": "BANGALORE: The nine-year-old boy whose head was smashed against the ground by his Maths teacher in a city school on Tuesday was made to go through sports sessions even as he bled from his two broken upper teeth and a cut in the lower lip.Confirming this, St Mary's Public School, Queen's Road, authorities on Wednesday said the teacher, Nirmala, has been suspended.Nirmala allegedly held Mohamed Huzaif, a student of Class III, by his ears and smashed his face against the ground. Parents of the injured boy lodged a complaint with the High Grounds police station against the teacher later in the evening.Neena Abraham, headmistress of the primary section, said: \"When I asked the teacher why didn't she report the incident in the morning itself and why the boy was taken for Sport's Day practice with the injury, she had no answer.\"She claimed she was unaware of the incident till Tuesday evening. \"I received a call from the parents in the evening. They complained about the incident and were very upset and angry. Then I asked the teacher concerned about the incident. She told me that the boy accidentally fell when she pulled him by his sweater.\"The headmistress said the school has taken the matter seriously and it will cooperate with police in the legal matters. \"Action against the teacher will be decided based on the enquiry findings. We have already taken the teacher's statement,\" she added.P P Utthup, a school management official, said: \"Nirmala has been suspended pending enquiry.\"High Grounds police officers said the investigation into the case has started. They said they visited the school to question the teacher but she was not present.Mohammed Huzaif was taken to Bowring Hospital for a medical checkup on Wednesday morning. Nadeem, his uncle, said dentists have recommended a root canal treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595645", "title": "Kanpurites keep date with 12-12-12", "text": "KANPUR: The city kept date with the last fancy date - 12-12-12 -- of this millennium on Wednesday. The day for Kanpurites started with SMSs and ended with shopping, dinners and celebrations.Though the craze for 12-12-12 was missing among the elderly, youths and children were quite excited as the date is not likely to be repeated again.While some messages claimed 12-12-12 as 'Doomsday', many others termed the coincidence of 12-12-12 (3-3-3) as lucky. People also forwarded best wishes to their loved ones on this special date of this millennium.Also, as the party culture has caught up fast with the people, youngsters were witnessed celebrating this fancy date by going to movies and eating out with friends. Those thought beyond the regular movie and a lunch/dinner outing, were witnessed celebrating theme party at their homes terraces in the lovely sun on 12-12-12.\"Initially, my friends decided to go for a movie but later we dropped the idea as there has been no new movie release. Then we decided to celebrate a theme party in which everyone had to wear fancy dress on this fancy day which was organized on my terrace,\" said Swati Sharma, a resident of an apartment in K-Block area.Apart from partying and watching movies, people were also witnessed purchasing cars, getting some new life insurance/medical policy, visiting temples and doing charity.As per the data provided by some prominent vehicle show-rooms of the city, the city recorded a large number of vehicle purchase on 12-12-12.According to the records of life insurance policy providing companies, as many as 8,000 people bought new policies.People also marked 12-12-12 by doing charity at orphanages and at temples. Women distributed clothes and sweets to blind children at Aandh Vidyalaya. People were also seen distributing blankets and edibles to the poor and needy on roadsides and at hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592893", "title": "10 years prison, 1 lakh fine for drug peddler", "text": "CHENNAI: A youth found carrying 50kg of ganja has been found guilty of the offence and sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for 10 years, by a special court for Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act cases here.The special judge, Ramamurthy, found Chinna Rao, 27, guilty of carrying commercial quantity of the banned substance, and also imposed a fine of 1 lakh on him.According to the Narcotic Intelligence Bureau (NIB), which probed the case, Chinna Rao from Andhra Pradesh was found near the car parking area lying between the Moore Market complex and the Chennai Central Railway station, on February 18, 2008.On information, he was intercepted and frisked.The 22-year-old man at the time of the incident, was found in possession of 50 kg of ganja, neatly packed in five polythene covers, each weighing around 10kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591744", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation seeks to divert 108 cr budget funds", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has proposed to divert Rs 70 crore from planned expenditure to pay salaries and arrears of sixth pay commission to employees.The civic administration allocates funds for various works planned in its annual budget. The intention of the budget is to plan the income and expenditure for the year. However, the civic administration in the last few years has hardly succeeded in implementing the budget and this year is no exception.In a proposal tabled before the standing committee, the administration has sought permission to divert Rs 108 crore from planned budget. The major chunk of Rs 70 crore is expected to go towards salary and clearing the sixth pay commission arrears.The diversion of funds is being sought for several departments, including garden, vehicles depot, health, electricity, solid waste management and accounts, which are facing cash crunch. The proposal states that it was possible to divert funds, considering the expenditure at the end of the financial year and, hence, the standing committee should approve the same.The health department has sought Rs 10 crore to complete pending works. The electricity department, which pays for lights on roads, hospitals, octroi nakas, schools, crematoriums, PMC offices, etc, has asked for Rs 9 crore to clear its bills.The urban community development department has sought funds to deal with the increased expenditure on scholarship project for students, while the vehicle depot department has demanded Rs 6 crore towards fuel expenses.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere said, \"The proposal has come to us, we will discuss and then take a decision on it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592415", "title": "Guns and Roses rocks Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The artful scream - that rock-and-role staple - was first heard in the 60s, when Led Zeppelin's Robert Plant arrived at the scene of world music. It was two long decades, before the world heard another voice, as intense, as moving, and as loud as Plant's, and this time it came from the American West. \"Is it too loud for you?\" Guns N' Roses front-man Axl Rose screamed into the microphone at Wednesday's GnR gig at Gurgaon's Leisure Valley Park - sounding nothing like a 50-year-old.This was the band's third and final show in the country, after Bangalore and Mumbai. And for the thousands of admirers of the 27-year-old band gathered here, this was the first opportunity to catch live an act many of them have grown up with. \"I was brought up on GnR man,\" said Amit, who is about as old as Axl himself.There are a few givens for a successful GnR show - the setup will be grand; the sound will be great; there will be a mix of bright lights and bling on the stage; and, not to forget, Rose will be wearing sunglasses at night. Wednesday's performance lived up to all these counts. And in addition, there was no lack of colour in the audience at the Leisure Valley Grounds.Practically all age-groups were represented, and as were several nationalities. The Japanese national Yoshika, dressed in a corporate white shirt and sand-brown trousers, stood slightly away from the crowd. \"I first heard them 20 years ago. And have seen them live in Tokyo once,\" he said, adding that he works for the carmaker Honda here in Gurgaon.Most of the set-list the band plays these days is one long list of sing-along popular hits, punctuated with improvisations and covers of Led Zeppelin or Pink Floyd . The Delhi-based engineering student Tejasvi Verma stood flailing both his upraised arms out towards the stage, and singing loudly the words of 'Estranged,' an old classic. \" Yes , I remember the words to almost all of their songs. And this is fantastic! The first time live,\" he said.To see Rose do 'November Rain,' on his glam grand piano, was quite possiblly one of main the reasons most people were here, inside the venue. Outside though, there was the law-firm employee Ankit Khurana, who was on his way home when he heard the opening notes of 'Live and Let Die,' and decided to stick around. \"I had no idea that GnR was playing today. I was just passing by. So I thought I will stay here and listen,\" said Ankit, who stood at the entry gates, although he later conceded that the show would be enjoyed better from within.According to Neetu Bhatia, the CEO of Kyazoonga.com, the ticketing partners of the GnR gig, the audience response was 'tremendous.' \"I think the Gurgaon gig is tacking up as the second best in the series of the previous three GnR shows, after Bombay,\" she said. Bhatia said that the city has just the right demographics for it to get more of such international acts. \"Once there is more permanent infrastructure in place here, it will come out to be the preferred venue for such big shows.\"Organizers of the gig, Mooz Entertainment , who have earlier brought the nu-metal band Korn to Gurgaon, said that the GnR show puts the city on the 'rock and roll map of the world.' \"This has been awesome. The crowd has been on its feet throughout. The ghost of Metallica is finally laid to rest,\" said Karamjeet Singh, senior vice president, Mooz Entertainment, referring to the 2011 Metallica gig in Gurgaon that faced an unwelcome cancellation back then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592257", "title": "Overflowing underpass clogs traffic over the bridge", "text": "COIMBATORE: Traffic movement was severely affected on Avinashi road after the number of vehicles especially two-wheelers and three-wheelers that generally used the underpass were forced to cross over the bridge after the underpass was choked due to sewage.\"Traffic movement will be restored completely by late night at the underpass. The stone and other debris that was blocking the drainage line has been removed and the stagnant water is being pumped out,\" said AS Selvaraj, local ward councillor Sasireka's husband who was at the spot on Wednesday evening.The corporation conservancy workers deployed at the spot from Wednesday afternoon claimed that there was some delay in locating the blockage in the UGD pipeline. Initially, one sullage truck was sent to the spot but later one more was deployed to pump out the sewage and dirt from the choked portion of the drainage channel.\"Initial attempts to pump out the sewage water using the motor pump sets failed as some of the garbage mixed with other waste materials blocked the valve,\" said one of the workers at the spot.The diesel available for running the pump also ran out forcing the operator to go out and get fresh supply stalling the operations further on Wednesday evening. However, pumping operations resumed by late evening and the officials claimed that the underpass will be fully cleared by Wednesday night itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592276", "title": "A few lucky couples become parents on this special day", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though S Christopher and Arul Mary were aware that 12.12.12 was a special day as it occurs only once every 100 years, never in their wildest dreams did they think that the day would mean a lot more to them when Mary delivered their second child at the Ramakrishna hospital in the city.The hullabaloo over the baby being born on this special day created much excitement in the hospital ward. For couples, this was the last chance to have a baby on a special date as the next one occurs only after nine decades. At the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) at least nine children were born on this day. This included 5 girls and 4 boys. Many private hospitals reported delivery of two to three children on the day.However, both Arul Mary and Christopher had not expected their baby to be born on this special day as the projected delivery date was December 31. \"We were told that the baby would be born around December 31. We had the last checkup on Tuesday and everything seemed normal. However, she suddenly went into labour and we are very happy the baby was born today,\" said a gleaming Christopher. There was some concern because it was Amavasya, but they were happy all the same. Besides, they found out later that Amavasya had started only in the afternoon.\"Even after the baby was born, it never hit me that it was born on a special day. Only after people started calling and congratulating us on the perfect timing, did it really sink in. This is God's gift to us,\" said Mary.For Mahalakshmi Kamakshi, a resident of Kuppanur, was the first lucky mother at CMCH when she delivered her baby girl at 12.10am. \"My doctor told me that my due date was tomorrow. But I guess my baby wanted to be born on a special day,\" quipped Mahalakshmi. \"Although we have been married for three years, it was difficult for me to conceive. There were a few complications. Thus it is a double blessing to have given birth on this special day,\" she added.A young mother, who delivered her first baby at the Women's Center, a private hospital on Mettupalayam road, said that she was happy that the boy was healthy. Her due date was December 22. \"It is God's will and we are very happy,\" she said on conditions of anonymity. Dr C V Kannaki Uthraraj, director, KMCH Fertility Centre, said that four deliveries took place in the hospital today. While two couples chose to have their baby today most couples were concerned about delivering as per Hindu tradition, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17595968", "title": "Javed Akhtar visits museum", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The standard of Indian cinema is same as before and it has made rapid progress during the last 100 years and Indian films are both art and commercial oriented and they have a bright future ahead, opined renowned Bollywood lyricist and literateur, Javed Akhtar while speaking to newspersons during his visit to the city on Wednesday.On being asked by newspersons that whether the tradition of writing lyrics would be carried forward in the right earnest by coming generation he said \"My work is composing songs which portray the characters in their true form. But certainly the new generation has the knack and talent to assesss and follow my work.\"Earlier Akhtar visited the Allahabad museum to see the artefacts put up for display at various galleries. He was taken around the area by director, Rajesh Purohit and deputy keeper Sri Ranjan Shukla who showed the pistol of the great revolutionary Chandrashekhar Azad. The museum officials also briefed him about the sequence of events which led to the martyrdom of Azad inside the Alfred park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17592232", "title": "Ravi Shankar, the sitarist who came in from the East", "text": "WASHINGTON: At the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh at New York's Madison Square Gardens, the story goes, Pandit Ravi Shankar and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan stopped briefly after twanging on their sitar and sarod respectively for a couple of minutes when the audience burst into mild applause. \"If you like our tuning so much, I hope you will enjoy the playing more,\" Ravi Shankar chuckled to a beatific crowd, by then already in thrall of the maestro after his collaboration with the Beatle George Harrison and appearances at the epic Monterrey and Woodstock music festivals in 1960s.More than any other musician or artiste, Pandit Ravi Shankar, who passed away Wednesday in San Diego at 92, not only connected the music of the east to the west, but elevated it beyond performance and appreciation into a social and political cause. In fact, the Concert for Bangladesh, which was his brainchild, was the first of many such benefit events to raise money and awareness for a cause. It inspired among others Live Aid for Ethiopia a decade later and engendered the concept of benefit concerts.As a Bengali (albeit born and raised in Varanasi), Ravi Shankar was deeply moved by the plight of the refugees in what was then East Pakistan , including some of his distant relatives who fled to West Bengal after the genocide by Pakistanis. He ran the idea of a benefit concert by his disciple George Harrison, who immediately signed on to it and roped in performers such as Bob Dylan , Eric Clapton , and fellow Beatle Ringo Starr . Harrison also commandeered Madison Square Garden in the heart of midtown Manhattan . Bangladesh was barely a few weeks old, but overnight, following the concert, Ravi Shankar would recall much later, \"the world came to know of its existence.\"By then the west was already familiar with India's most famous musical son. He had collaborated with three great western performers across three genres. It all began with his work in the 1950s with the Jewish-American violinist Yehudi Menuhin , with whom he made three recordings appropriately titled \"West Meets East\" in two volumes and \"Improvisations: East Meets West.\"A decade later, in which time he frequently toured and performed in the west, he was sought out by jazz saxophonist and composer John Coltrane , who had immersed himself in Hinduism and the works of the philosophers Jiddu Krishnamurthy and Paramahamsa Yogananda. Coltrane worked with Ravi Shankar in the mid-60s to learn the basics of ragas, talas and Indian improvisation techniques, recording a 30-minute track titled Om with chants from the Bhagavad Gita. He also named his son Ravi after the sitar maestro.But his most famous collaboration was with the Beatle George Harrison, who came across the sitar on the sets of the Beatles' second film \"Help!\" He soon incorporated its sounds in the recording of the song Norwegian Wood after learning it rudimentarily. Later, he sought out Ravi Shankar and began serious training under him, traveling to India and spending time with him in the US and UK. He connected with his Indian guru much more than the other three Beatles , and it was a relationship that thrived till his own death in 2001. Their last collaboration was the 1997 recording of Chants of India produced by Harrison, by which time Panditji's daughter Anoushka was stepping up to his legacy. In one album he produced of Ravi Shankar's music, he called himself Hari Georgeson; Anoushka herself called him \"Uncle George.\"On Thursday morning, as the news of Ravi Shankar's death spread across the US, the sitar strains from Norwegian Wood filtered through radio and television obituaries. \"He was the first world musician to demonstrate to the west the complex tradition of Indian classical music; his recordings were what turned me to the sitar,\" mused Brian Q.Silver, a sitarist himself and an ethnomusicologist with the Voice of America (VoA) who heads the organisation's Urdu service. \"He showed us that jahan ke aage aur bhi jahan hain.\"Pandit Ravi Shankar didn't just reach out to the west. He also collaborated with artistes far east, including Japanese musicians such as Hozan Yamamoto, a shakuhachi player, and Susumu Miyashita, a koto player. He composed music for Indian movies starting in the 1950s, but one of his most memorable scores was in the multiple Oscar winning film Gandhi. In 1990, he collaborated with the minimalist composer Philip Glass , who had worked as his assistant on the film score for \"Chappaqua\" in the late 1960s. More recently, he performed frequently with his daughter Anoushka, including a November 4 concert close to his home in Long Beach , California .Shortly before the heart surgery that preceded his passing away, Pandit Ravi Shankar received news that his latest album \"The Living Room Sessions, Part 1\" has received a 2013 Grammy nomination for best world music album. He hardly needed more laurels, but even at 92, he was up and running with his musical legatees, daughters Norah Jones , who has five Grammy's of her own, and Anoushka, who is also a Grammy nominee. Clearly, his music will live far beyond his passing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592694", "title": "Boy dies days after suffering electric shock at Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: A six-year-old boy died on Wednesday, three days after he suffered an electric shock when he came in contact with a live wire at Marina Beach.Police said the boy, Vishal, suffered an electric shock when he touched an iron fence around a statue. The boy had come to Marina Beach to witness the unveiling of the renovated MGR memorial by chief minister J Jayalalithaa on December 9.Vishal came along with his parents Sathyavani and Selvam, an auto driver of Pulianthope and his two brothers Sanjay, 10, and Ajay, 8. After visiting the beach, they were about to leave when they heard about the CM's function. Since Vishal was eager to see the chief minister, they decided to stay back. In the meantime, they decided to go around the parks. Vishal who was playing around the fence. It is suspected that a portion of the fence may have come in contact with an electric junction box adjacent to it. He suffered a shock and was rushed to the Government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital and later to the children's hospital in Egmore. He died without responding to the treatment on Wednesday. His body was sent to the Government General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17592963", "title": "Bank password sharing costs customer dear", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district consumer disputes redressal forum has dismissed a complaint lodged by an aggrieved consumer of HDFC bank alleging deficiency in the bank's services after he lost 1.60 lakh through alleged \"third party fund transfer\" through the netbanking facility in 2006.While dismissing the complaint, president of the forum, Jayant Prabhu, and member, Savita Kurtarkar, observed: \"It becomes clear that the complainant's disclosing the password to a third person itself is a clear case of negligence on the part of the complainant... The password which was issued to the complainant should have been kept totally confidential and ought not to have been revealed to any third party, and if the user reveals the said password to any third party, the bank shall not be liable for any unauthorized transactions occurring in the internet banking services, which is usually attributed to negligent and fraudulent conduct of the user.\"Swapan Kumar Joardar, a resident of Ponda, had filed the complaint with the forum. The complainant pointed out that on April 29, 2006, he found that an amount of 1.6 lakh from his account at HDFC's Curchorem branch was transferred and credited to the account of one Tikeram Singh at HDFC's Margao branch. This was done without his knowledge and authorization, he said. He held that he had never requested for any netbanking facility or third party funds transfer facility from the bank.HDFC bank, in its reply to the forum blamed the complainant for willingly giving away the internet banking password to an unknown person without proper verification. The bank pointed out that the password given to the customer should never be disclosed to any other person and that the bank would never ask for a customer's password. The bank's contention was that as Joardar had disclosed his password to a third person, it was gross negligence on his part and as such the bank could not be held liable for his negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17591922", "title": "UP proposes more tax on F1 tickets", "text": "LUCKNOW: To increase UP's revenue through tax, the state resources committee in its maiden meeting on Wednesday recommended imposition of higher taxes on Formula One tickets in Gautam Budh Nagar.Urban development and minority affairs minister Azam Khan said the event should be taxed heavily instead of being made tax free as the event was attended by persons who were capable of shelling out more for tickets. The Mayawati government had given tax exemption to the event for promoting F1 in the state. The resources committee was assessing ways to increase UP's revenue through tax and is expected to submit its recommendations in three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592613", "title": "Cosy comforts for zoo animals in winter", "text": "PATNA: Falling temperature may give sleepless nights to many, particularly the poor, but the inmates of the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, need not worry as the zoo authorities have made special arrangements to ensure cosy comforts for these animals even if the mercury dips below 10 degree C.According to sources, separate arrangements have been made for carnivorous and herbivorous animals keeping in view their different needs. \"We place a 3\" thick straw bed in every enclosure that houses carnivorous animals during at night and these beds are changed at regular intervals to maintain their warmth. Besides, ventilators in all the enclosures are covered with straw mats at night. Also, heat blowers are used in case the temperature level falls below 10 degree C during peak winter season,\" Patna zoo director Abhay Kumar Sharma told TOI on Wednesday.While the herbivorous animals are kept under the sheds made of straw during at night as they do not need the kind of arrangements made for the carnivorous ones, 500W bulbs are fixed and switched on in the enclosures housing the reptiles. Fifteen heaters have been placed in the cages housing giraffes, chimpanzees, bears, leopards, lions and tigers.According to another official of the zoo, additional eatables are provided to most of the zoo inmates as the food intake of animals increases during this season. Animals like deer, elephants and rhinoceros are being given 'mahua' that generates internal energy. Eggs have been added to the morning diet of monkeys and bears. Bears are also getting chopped sugarcane. \"The food bills of the zoo, home to 1,159 animals belonging to 97 different species, goes up by 5% during the winter,\" the official said and added the zoo hospital had also been equipped with heat blowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17584745", "title": "Pandit Ravi Shankar: Thank you for the music...", "text": "Pandit Ravi Shankar on his last concert in Bangalore When Pandit Ravi Shankar last came to Bangalore in February this year, it was for what was touted to be his farewell concert to the city. However, the Grammy-winning sitarist \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was cutting back on concerts because he admitted it was getting difficult for him to travel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d seemed hopeful that it wouldn't be his final performance in Bangalore. \"Who knows, it could be a semi-final,\" he had said, speaking to BT during his last visit here.Listen to the best of Ravi Shankar on gaana.comOf all the things he liked about Bangalore, Shankar said he cherished his memories of \"performing for people like Vasudevachar and Doraiswamy Iyengar, as well as at the Ramnavami festival.\" He also said he had a special place in his heart for Bangalore audiences. \"Bangalore is very special as the audiences have the ability to appreciate Carnatic as well as Hindustani music,\" he had said.Panditji introduced the sitar to the masses Dr L Subramaniam, who was once married to the late Pandit Ravi Shankar's niece Viji, talks about the late sitarist's influence in the world music arenaI am currently touring outside India and it is shocking to wake up to this news of Panditji's passing. He has been a great source of inspiration for me and has been instrumental in changing the outlook of many traditional Indian musicians towards performing in the global arena.Panditji was the one who put Hindustani music on the world map. When he played at Woodstock in 1969, he introduced the sitar to the masses. While this was frowned down upon by critics, he knew that this risk was minimal as what he had envisioned has brought about a symphony between western and Indian classical music. This is seen through his various collaborations with George Harrison, The Beatles and other Western artists, as well as in his compositions for Hollywood films. I, personally, am very fond of the memories of the 1974-75 tour of Europe, hosted by George Harrison. This was a tour in which some of the best musical minds like Panditji, Alla Rakha and Hariprasad Chaurasia travelled to major performance arenas, including football stadiums, and performed jugalbandis. I recollect performing my first jugalbandi on this tour.Later, I was fortunate enough to meet Panditji's niece, Viji, who I went on to marry. His music and his thoughts have had a lot of influence on me, like they have had on many other Indian musicians. His death is going to be a huge loss to Indian music.Remembering Pandit Ravi Shankar This is a great loss for music. It was Guruji who popularized the concept of fusion music. He connected the East and the West in a way no other musician before him had managed to do. I shared the stage with him for a performance at the Taj Mahal, and before the beginning of the event, he blessed me and I feel privileged to have played music in his company. \u00e2\u20ac\u201d SivamaniPandit Ravi Shankar was truly the face of Indian music. I had a very close association with him. I still remember how I felt when one of his recordings took place in our studio in Kolkata. It was an unbelievable feeling. Though most of us looked up to him as some kind of god, naturally, given his prodigious talent, he himself was the most down-to-earth man with an irrepressible sense of humour. I remember that a few days after newspapers flashed his wedding pictures, he called up to say how many people had called him up to tell him that there was an uncanny resemblance between his wife Sukanya and me. \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Usha UthupPandit Ravi Shankar was an inspiration, not just to me, but also to so many other people to try and take their music forward. I know musicians who are inspired by Ravi Shankar and who have taken up the instrument because of him. It's also a big shock considering the news about his nomination was just in. It's a bit hard in today's day and age for musicians to make the sort of impact that he has. The way music itself works as an art, the way people listen to it, the attention span \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's not like it used to be. It's hard to be a legend in today's world as the way music is perceived has changed. \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Arun Shenoy, fellow nominee for the 55th Annual Grammy AwardsBy Purba Dutt, Sunayana Suresh, Anjali Muthanna and M Suganth", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592237", "title": "Conmen dupe wife of constable, flee with Rs 3L jewellery", "text": "MUMBAI: Fake cops have duped many in the city by telling unsuspecting victims that there is a problem in the area and that they should remove their ornaments and keep them in their bags, before diverting their attention and fleeing the scene. On Tuesday night, a cop's wife fell prey to this modus operandi and lost valuables worth Rs 2.7 lakh to two conmen in Khar (west).The 37-year-old victim, Manisha Padmakar, lives near Khar Danda and was on her way to a hospital along with her 61-year-old relative when the two accused approached them.Posing as cops, the duo chided them for wearing so much jewellery and said there was problem in the area and that they should keep their ornaments safely in a bag. One of the accused tried to help the women wrap the ornaments in a handkerchief and then keep it in her bag. They then left after asking the two women to be careful.After a while, when Manisha unwrapped the handkerchief, she realized that the jewellery was missing. She reported the incident to the Khar police.Manisha's constable husband is attached to the protection branch of the city police. The stolen valuables are worth Rs 2.7 lakh.The Khar police have registered an offence. A police officer said the modus operandi used in Tuesday's incident makes it appear that the two accused were part of a 'Baluchi gang'. The members are also known as the 'Bolbachan' gang and they mostly target women in the guise of policemen. The gang members mostly operate in a group of four to five people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591413", "title": "Bumper baby harvest of over 100 on magic date", "text": "BANGALORE: This little boy managed the unique 12-12-12 date all on his own; he also topped it with a midnight entry. The yet-to-be-named infant was born to Jayanthi, a homemaker from Kumaraswamy Layout, and Chandrashekhar, a two-wheeler mechanic.The parents were overwhelmed as they held their bundle of joy. \"This is our first child and we're happy he's healthy and was born naturally at midnight,\" said Chandrashekhar.He is one among 40-odd babies born at the government-run Vani Vilas Hospital on the last repetitive date of the century.Bangalore welcomed over 100 babies on Wednesday. Most private hospitals and nursing homes registered 6-10 newborns through natural and planned deliveries.There was another little number miracle in RT Nagar, North Bangalore. Kala Jyothi, a homemaker, delivered her second child, a boy, at midnight in Poornima Nursing Home. The couple appears to have a way with dates -- their elder daughter Ria was born on August 8, 2008 (08-08-08). \"Both our children were born through natural delivery and the best thing is they're healthy. Our family is complete today,\" said Prabhakar, the proud father.Other private hospitals like Manipal, Cloudnine, Fortis, BGS Global Hospitals, Motherhood, Bangalore Assisted Conception Centre registered about 6-10 births each through natural and Caesarean section. One child each was born at 12:12pm at Manipal, Cloudnine and BGS Global Hospital. Twin baby girls were born at Motherhood.Smitha Leo John, a software professional, delivered a baby girl at 12:12pm Wednesday through a planned delivery at Manipal Hospital. \"She is our first child and we're very happy to welcome her on this magical date,\" said the couple.\"I'm very excited, as is everyone else in the family. Though my wife was due on December 23, the doctor had said it could be any day between December 6 and 15, and we're glad he was born today. My wife is very happy and excited,\" said S Jai Ganesh, whose wife Malini delivered their second son at 9.40am Wednesday. The couple has decided to name their son Advaith. \"The elder one is Adav Jai,\" said Jai Ganesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593034", "title": "General to meet Bratya for more aid to Sainik School", "text": "KOLKATA: Lt Gen A K Choudhary, General Officer Commanding, Bengal Area, will meet state education minister Bratya Basu on Thursday to discuss the possibility of more assistance to Sainik School, Purulia. The general, who is chairman of the school board, will also speak to Basu on the progress made in setting up another Sainik School in Darjeeling. The state government has already earmarked land for this school, for which there is a great demand from residents in north Bengal.The GOC, an alumnus of Sainik School, Tillaya, was at Purulia recently to inspect the school there. Four cadets from the Purulia school have made it to the National Defence Academy (NDA) in the last batch. The GOC, during his visit, felicitated guardians of these cadets. He also gave away a trophy to the Tilak House for sending the most number of candidates to the NDA. The GOC also donated four horses to the school for training of the cadets.Sainik School, Purulia, remained neglected when the Left Front was in power in the state. However, there was a sea change in attitude after the new government came in. While the Centre pitches in with scholarships and grants, the annual expenses of Sainik Schools have to be borne by the state governments. The contributions from the state governments are matched by the Centre.\"The school in Purulia is already doing a good job. With some more assistance from the state, it can do better. When I meet the education minister on Thursday, I shall request him to provide whatever support is possible. The Sainik School does not only prepare students for careers in the defence forces, it also develops better professionals who can become assets for the state. The school promotes all-round development for the cadets.The also school provides a platform for students from not too well-to-do sections of society. Whatever assistance the school gets will trickle down to these families,\" Gen Choudhary told TOI on Wednesday.According to him, the state will get a better name for itself once Sainik School, Purulia starts performing better.\"The state has already taken a pro-active role in development of the school. We would like this not only to continue but the support to go up,\" the GOC added. More funds would result in better facilities at the school. This would help the candidates prepare better for careers in the armed forces as well as other professions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "alwar/ jaipur", "code": "17591159", "title": "Anti-human trafficking cell rescues 15-yr-old from Dholpur", "text": "ALWAR/ JAIPUR: The anti-human trafficking cell of Dholpur police has rescued a 15-year-old girl belonging to Amethi (Uttar Pradesh) late on Tuesday night. She was abducted from Delhi and was sold and re-sold several times in the past one month. The cell rescued her after she was sold to a 60-year-old man. However, the police are yet to make any arrests in the case.According to Dholpur police, the victim hails from Kanakpura village in Amethi (Uttar Pradesh). Her sister was undergoing treatment at a hospital in Karnal (Haryana). On November 22, she got a call from a woman who told her to come to Delhi if she wanted to meet her sister and assured to take her to Karnal.\"Since the woman was known to the girl, she decided to go to Delhi. And a few days after getting the call, she boarded a train from Agra to reach Delhi. After she reached Delhi the woman instead of taking her to the hospital handed her to one Prakash,\" said a senior police officer of Dholpur.Prakash gave the girl away to a man who raped her for several days.\"The girl in her statement said that after she was raped by the man, Prakash met her again and promised to take her back to her family members. However, he took her to Devdas village in Dholpur in the first week of December and handed her over to 60-year-old Raghuram,\" said Rajendra Chauhan, incharge anti-human trafficking cell, Dholpur.The cell through the local sources came to know that Raghuram was planning to marry the girl when she was found and rescued by the anti-human trafficking cell.\"We are yet to make any arrests in this connection and are in touch with the Delhi and UP police. Presently, the girl is in the custody of child welfare committee and if needed we will take her to Delhi to find the whereabouts of Prakash and the unidentified woman responsible for selling her,\" Chauhan added.The girl in her statements said that she was a student of Class 8. \"She was in shock and is yet to recall her whereabouts properly. We will soon ask her address and contact her parents. However, we have intimated the Amethi police,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17591266", "title": "Dirty picture to stay BJP making efforts to bring 2 warring ministers to talks table", "text": "BELGAUM: Don't expect an early solution to the garbage crisis. For, the murky politics has only compounded the problem.The long-drawn fight between home minister R Ashoka and health minister Aravind Limbavali over garbage dumping is worrying the ruling BJP. It is concerned about its electoral prospects in the city, which has 28 assembly segments. BJP president KS Eshwarappa told TOI that he would soon convene a meeting of the two warring ministers asking them to have better coordination in solving the crisis.The rift between the two ministers has escalated over garbage dumping in Mandur, which falls in Limbavali's assembly constituency. Limbavali doesn't want garbage dumped in his constituency. But the BBMP, under Ashoka's direction, is doing just that.Limbavali reportedly is also unhappy over Ashoka for imposing section 144 in Mandur, which has antagonized the voters in the Mahadevapura segment.\"Mandur villagers have started demanding another village. As villagers started blocking garbage trucks from entering Mandur, section 144 has been clamped. Ashoka should not have clamped prohibitory orders in the area, which is affecting the electoral prospects of Limbavali,\" sources close to Limbavali maintained. The sources said that the ban order would not allow more than four villagers to meet or talk, which was affecting the personal relation exercise at the time of elections.Limbavali is also upset over Ashoka's claims that some garbage was being dumped in other parts of the city. \"Not even 20 truckloads are being sent to other parts. The BBMP has not stuck to its promise of reducing the number of trucks being sent to Mandur. Tall promises are being made that segregation is being done by the private companies,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17591520", "title": "Complete tragedy, says PM Cameron", "text": "LONDON: Describing the death of Indian-origin nurse Jacintha Saldanha a \"complete tragedy\", British Prime Minister David Cameron on Wednesday said \"lessons need to be learnt\" from the incident.Jacintha, 46, was found dead on Friday, three days after she took a hoax call from two Australian radio station DJs that gave away medical details of Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge.\"I'm sure the whole House and indeed, the whole country, will join me in paying tribute to this nurse and giving all our sympathies and condolences to her family,\" Cameron told the House of Commons during Prime Minister's Questions.She clearly loved her job, loved her work and cared deeply about the health of her patients and what has happened is a complete tragedy, he said.\"There will be many lessons that need to be learnt.\" He also urged the media to keep their distance to allow her family the time and space to grieve.Labour MP Keith Vaz has, meanwhile, said there are \"unexplained\" circumstances behind Jacintha's death. \"What the family needs are the full facts. There are unexplained circumstances. The family wants to know everything,\" Vaz said. \"The hospital needs to be more proactive, a full inquiry is needed and the family needs to be included in that,\" he said, after meeting hospital authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593058", "title": "5-day fest to mark Bangla victory", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bangladesh deputy high commission will celebrate the victory of Bangladesh Liberation War by organizing Bangladesh Utsav 2012. The five-day festival, to be held from December 14, will offer the best of Bangladesh - right from Jamdani sarees and handicrafts to Hilsa delicacies and sweets.\"The fifth Bangladesh Utshav will start on December 14 to promote Bangladesh's culture and heritage in West Bengal,\" said Bangladesh deputy high commissioner Abida Islam.A cultural extravaganza, to be put up on the occasion, will see Bangladeshi artists like Kazi Ariful Islam, Samina Choudhury and Bulbul Islam sharing stage with their Indian counterparts Indranil Sen and Shampa Kundu among others. Bangladesh commerce minister Golam Muhammad Kader will inaugurate the Utsav, while state industries minister Partha Chatterjee and Swapan Debnath, MoS, small scale industries will also be present at the inaugural programme.Hilsha from Padma along with Dhakai Jamdani sarees will be on display at the five-day Bangladesh Utsav 2012, scheduled to start from December 14 at the Bangladesh deputy high commission to celebrate the victory day of Bangladesh Liberation War.\"The fifth Bangladesh Utshav will start on December 14 to promote Bangladesh's culture and heritage in West Bengal,\" said Bangladesh deputy high commissioner Abida Islam. December 16 is celebrated as Vijay Divas or Victory Day, to mark the surrender of the Pakistan Army to the Indian armed forces and the Mukti Bahini comprising Bangaldesh freedom fighters.Several renowned Bangaldeshi artists like Kazi Ariful Islam, Samina Choudhury, Bulbul Islam along with renowned Indian singers like Indranil Sen, Shampa Kundu will also perform in the Utsav. The cultural extravaganza aims to bring people of the two neighbouring countries closer.Export quality goods like Dhakai Jamdani, Rajshahi silk, Tangail saris, handicrafts and ceramics, and different dishes of Hilsa, different sweet dishes and pies of Bangadesh will be available at the Utsav. Golam Muhammad Kader, Bangladesh commerce minister will inaugurate the Utsav, while Bengal's commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee and Swapan Debnath, MOS, small scale industries will also be present at the inaugural programme.The deputy high commission's press secretary K M Zahir said that they are trying to make a linkage between the business men of Bangladesh and West Bengal and already some of the business men from Bangladesh had gained by attending this Utsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592154", "title": "Scolded by mom, 15-year-old girl hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Scolded by her mother for wasting time instead of concentrating on studies, a standard XI student of arts stream committed suicide on Wednesday. Asmita Fule, 15, was alone at home at Barakholi in Indora when she hanged herself to the ceiling hook in the morning.The suicide came to light at 12noon when one of Asmita's friends in the neighbourhood came to meet her. She was shocked to find her hanging from her dupatta. Her screams alerted other neighbours, who brought her down and rushed her to a nearby private hospital.One of the neighbour claimed that Asmita was breathing when she was brought down, but the doctors declared Asmita brought dead.Asmita's father Raju is a security guard while her mother Sonali is a domestic help. On Wednesday morning, while her parents had gone for their jobs, her elder sister was at college and her younger brother Abhishek was at school.Family members said Asmita was obstinate and very arrogant in nature. She used to spend a lot of time watching television and chatting with friends. \"This was not the first time Sonali had scolded her. She would shout at both sisters for wasting their time and not studying. Sonali just wanted the girls to concentrate on studies or help with household work,\" said Raju.On Wednesday, the mother-daughter duo had a minor argument before the parents left for their jobs. Asmita, a hot-headed girl, committed suicide after her siblings left for school and college. She had skipped her college on Wednesday.Police said no suicide note was found in the house. The body was handed over to her parents after autopsy at Mayo mortuary. A suicide case was registered at Jaripatka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17593866", "title": "Questions raised over completion of irrigation channel project works", "text": "MADURAI: Questions have arisen over the completion of the Rs 19.49 crore worth Nilaiyur - Kambikudi irrigation water channel extension project after a non-governmental organisation (NGO) Mass Education and Action for Rural Development Society has alleged that only two-thirds of the works have been completed so far.However, denying the allegations, the state public works department (PWD) replied that the entire work was completed on March 31, 2005 and the project completion report has been sent to the National Bank for Agricultural and Rural Development ( NABARD) for reimbursement.Water tanks in Valayankulam and Kambikudi series are drought-prone when compared to other areas where tank irrigation is in practice. Hence, several representations from farmers associations, people representatives over a number of years for extending the Nilaiyur Channel from Perungudi tank to increase irrigation facilities were sent to the government.Accordingly, after conducting an elaborate study, the state government gave administrative sanction to implement the extension of the Nilaiyur - Kambikudi channel at a cost of Rs 8.94 crore by passing a government order dated June 29, 1999, to benefit 94 tanks situated in the districts of Madurai (50 tanks) Virudhunagar (21 tanks) and Sivaganga (23) by diverting the flood flows into Vaigai river to irrigate 9,948 acres of agricultural land in the three districts. In the meantime, the project cost was enhanced to Rs 19.49 crore by the state government on January 1, 2003 due to various reasons including augmentation in land value etc.Now, the NGO has raised a question over the completion of the project works.\"Irrigation channel has been excavated from Nilaiyur to Anaikulam tank, which is only two-thirds of the project works. The remaining one-third of work from Anaikulam to Kambikudi tank, works on 94 sub-channels and cross masonry works have to be completed as per the project,\" said V Muniasamy, secretary of the NGO.Besides, he has filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking the court's direction to the state for resumption of Nilaiyur-Kambikudi irrigation channel extension project.But, denying allegations of the NGO, the chief engineer of Water Resource Organisation of the public works department, M Sampathkumar told the court that the scheme was proposed to extend the Nilaiyur Channel by excavating 8.675 km of main channel and 12.51 km of branch channels (six numbers).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592281", "title": "DGCA representatives to probe Cessna plane skid", "text": "NAGPUR: A team from Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) will be visiting Nagpur in the third week of December to investigate the skidding of the Cessna training plane christened Charlie 172. With different authorities giving varied reasons, the exact cause of skidding is still not clear.Sources at the Air Traffic Control (ATC) have claimed that no report of a dog on the runway was made to them when the Nagpur Flying Club (NFC) plane skid off the runway on November 30. \"Though the trainee pilot made a statement to the effect outside, he had not mentioned the presence of the dog to the ATC,\" sources informed. Officials doubt that the young trainee pilot must have lost balance and skid off and in that moment of panic said that there was a dog on the runway.On November 30, trainee pilot captain Rohit Sinha took off for a solo training session at 2.20 pm. The incident occurred while he was landing at around 3.06 pm. NFC in-charge MAH Khan at that time had said that the trainee had about 100 hours of experience. \"The presence of the animal might have forced him to apply breaks suddenly which steered the plane away from the runway,\" Khan said.On Wednesday Khan added, \"The ATC is saying that the pilot didn't wire them about the dog. But when an animal suddenly appears on the runway what is one suppose to do - call the ATC or try to save their lives, the plane or that animal?\"He further informed that they had given their version to DGCA which will investigate the matter during their Nagpur visit in December third week. \"Till then the plane and the trainee pilot have been grounded,\" Khan added.A highly placed source though said that the presence of the dog seemed quite unusual to him. \"Generally stray animals wander to places where food is available. Many a times they stray near the canteen. They have seldom been spotted in the area where Cessna skidded,\" the source observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17593470", "title": "Infosys ADS starts trading on NYSE", "text": "NEW YORK: Country's second largest software services firm Infosys on Wednesday said its American Depositary Shares (ADS) have started trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). An ADS is a US dollar-denominated equity share of a foreign-based company available for purchase on an American stock exchange.\"Infosys' ADS have started trading on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol 'INFY' ,\" Infosys said in a statement.Earlier this month, Infosys had announced transfer of its NASDAQ-listed ADS to NYSE, a move aimed to give its European investors better access to its stock.\"Our decision to transfer our American Depositary Shares listing to NYSE is motivated by a desire to leverage the NYSE Euronext partnership to empower our investor base, increase access to our stock for European investors and broaden the trading window available for our global investors,\" Infosys CEO and MD S D Shibulal had said.The company is also in the process of listing its ADS on the Paris and London exchanges of NYSE Euronext, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592703", "title": "Victim could be left with serious scars", "text": "MUMBAI: Kandivli housewife Shraddha Langde, who sustained burn injuries after a neighbour attacked her with an insecticide spray, might require cosmetic procedures to get rid of the scars on her face once her injuries healed.The police said Sachin Shigwan had been stalking Shraddha since Valentine's Day this year and had also proposed to her despite knowing that she was married. However, according to the woman's husband, Sachin's advances towards her might have started even before that but the family chose to ignore the signs back then.The police said when Shraddha resisted his advances, Sachin tried to create a rift between Shraddha and her husband, Shashikant. Sachin told the cops that he planned the attack after being slapped by Shashikant on December 9.On Tuesday morning, Shraddha was watching television at her friend Minal Zamin's home when Sachin barged in with an insecticide spray and a lighter. He pressed the nozzle and clicked the lighter in front of it. Both women were injured in the attack.The investigators, meanwhile, traced the shop from where Sachin bought the insecticide and the lighter. \"The shop is located in Hanuman Nagar, Kandivli (E). We have recorded the shop owner's statement and seized the insecticide and lighter as evidence,\" an officer from the Samta Nagar police said. On Wednesday, Sachin was produced before a metropolitan court and remanded in police custody till December 17.\"As harassment by Sachin had increased over the past few weeks, neighbours and well-wishers of the Langdes decided to confront him on December 9. But Sachin remained adamant. Shashikant then slapped him twice, at which Sachin apologized,\" a police officer said. While Sachin pretended that the issue had been settled, he was furious inside.The cops were examining the cellphone records of both Sachin and Shraddha to check if there was any other motive.Tuesday's attack left Shraddha with a burning sensation on her face, arms, shoulder and back of the shoulder. Though doctors assured her that she would not suffer any functional deficiencies, the chemical hurled at her face, coupled with the burn injury, might cause some serious scars. She would require hospital care for another couple of days, said intensivist Dr Nihal Khan. \"The combined attack of fire and chemical has made her burn injuries quite severe.\"While Khan said Shraddha seemed to be a strong woman who could do without any counselling, Shashikant said she could not get any sleep all night. \"She has hardly eaten. We are trying to take her mind away from the incident,\" he added. Shraddha was sedated for a good part of the day and she could utter only a few words. She said she was in great pain and worried about their three-year-old son.\"On Wednesday, as Shashikant waited for his wife to be shifted to a ward from the ICU of DNA Hospital in Kandivli (E), he recollected an incident that took place over one and a half years ago. \"Shraddha was coming out of a common toilet when Sachin grabbbed her hand and said distasteful things. We contemplated filing a complaint, but settled the matter amicably at the insistence of his family. Today, we are paying the price,\" said Shashikant.Minal was discharged from the hospital on Wednesday. A worried Shashikant said: \"I don't know how I will fund my wife' treatment and surgeries, if she needs any, in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591294", "title": "Woman files rape complaint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 36-year-old woman has registered a complaint of rape at the Khokra police station against Vincent Christian, a resident of Khokra.In her complaint the victim alleged that the accused had forced her into physical relationship and had raped her several times over a period of three years. \"The woman has alleged that Vincent had threatened to kill her and her family members if she did not comply with his wishes. Vincent also assaulted her husband when she told him about the threats, alleged the woman,\" said a Khokra police station official, citing her complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591890", "title": "Students remember sitar maestro", "text": "NEW DELHI: The management at the Ravi Shankar Institute for Music and Performing Arts in Chanakyapuri didn't get much time to react. Once they had processed the news of his death, received on Wednesday morning, they set under a large gulmohar in its front lawn a large photo of Ravi Shankar as a much younger man. Students, associates, lovers of music could enter and pay their tribute.An evening prayer-meeting was held with the trustees and students.Shankar was very closely associated with the centre and monitored its activities. There are currently about 15 students at the centre; one of Shankar's oldest disciples, Parimal Sadaphal, 50, is a teacher there. \"He was a guru in every sense, he took such good care of us,\" he says. The students emerged with sprays of rajnigandha to pay homage. Sadaphal is reluctant to say more; they all are. In the evening, the students and his close friends meditated to recorded tanpura and younger students sang hymns.\"He took a lot of interest in the running of the place. He had his vision for it. He'd been holding a four-day music festival in February every year as a tribute to his friend, George Harrison,\" says programming director, Anshuman Pandey.Harrison features big on the walls of the institute. They are lined by photographs of Shankar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with Harrison (in a dark-blue 'Om' T-shirt), with Queen Elizabeth, with Rajiv Gandhi, with Norah and Anoushka.There are posters of concerts in close to a dozen languages; and citations of awards - the Bharat Ratna included \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and tributes from administrations of several cities and states \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Tokyo, New York, Los Angeles, the state of Ohio.There are awards for having sold over 30,000; later, for selling 40,000 copies and for selling over a million copies of one of the first benefit concerts, \"The Concert for Bangladesh.\" The last had an unbeatable lineup including Ravi Shankar, George Harrison, Ali Akbar Khan and Shankar's long-time partner for percussion, Alla Rakha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593685", "title": "Drive for conveyance deed begins", "text": "NASHIK: The office of the deputy district registrar (DDR) of cooperatives has commenced a drive for the execution of conveyance deeds in housing societies across the city.So far, conveyance deeds of 22 housing societies have been executed. Moreover, the DDR office has also started a survey of housing societies and apartments in the city which is expected to be completed in the next few months.There are around 5,000 housing societies registered, of which, around 4,500 housing societies are in Nashik city alone. Conveyance deeds of over 70 % of housing societies and apartments in the city are yet to be executed.The state government recently made amendments in the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats &amp; Apartments Act (MOFA) 1963, for its effective implementation. Accordingly, the DDR has been appointed as the competent authority for the implementation of MOFA, Builders will now have to register the societies within four months once 60% of the total flats in the building project are sold.It is also mandatory for the builder to execute conveyance deed immediately after the registration of the society. The ownership of property should be in the name of the societies or apartments in the 7/12 land extract.Speaking to TOI, DDR Bajirao Shinde said, \"We have undertaken a drive for execution of conveyance deed in housing societies and apartments in the city. We have appealed to housing societies to approach us if the conveyance deed has not been executed by the concerned builders. So far, conveyance deeds of 22 housing societies have been executed. My priority is to implement the act and ensure 100 % execution of the conveyance deed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592228", "title": "Vivekananda memorial set for lengthy delay", "text": "NAGPUR: Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari's ambitious Swami Vivekananda memorial project seems destined to be completed after the end of his tenure. The tendering process for the statue is yet to be completed, with just 77 days remaining for the deadline.A staunch follower of Swami Vivekananda, Tiwari proposed the project and also ensured a deadline before the end of his tenure. In a rare case, NMC fixed deadline of completion of statue as February 28, 2013. Tiwari's tenure as standing committee chairman will come to an end on March 31 or before, if he is not given an extension.There was a controversy after Tiwari named a sculptor before completion of tendering process. Some sculptors in the race for the work order raised objections on Tiwari's comment.Last month, TOI spoke to a few sculptors from various cities, all of whom said it was impossible to make a good quality 20 feet bronze statue in three months.To achieve the target, it was expected that work on the statue should begin in first week of December. NMC opened the price bids on December 1. Of three eligible sculptors, Indore-based Mahendra Kodwani emerged lowest bidder. As the qualification criteria was not the lowest bid, the process needed another day or two to be complete, but is yet to be completed.Kodwani has sent a letter to NMC on December 8, requesting issue of work order within seven days if the statue is to be completed by February 28. \"I emerged lowest bidder and should be given work order according to NMC's bylaws,\" he said.Sources told TOI the process to issue work order itself will take a long time now. \"Approval of accounts and finance department , followed by the civic chief's consent is required after finalizing the sculptor. Later, the standing committee has to convene a meeting and approve the proposal. The standing committee is yet to give administrative approval for the statue's cost. Then the work order will be issued after completing necessary paper work with the qualified sculptor. All this may not be possible by December end. So, the work on statue cannot end in next two months,\" sources said.Executive engineer Rahul Warke was not available for comment despite repeated attempts.Officiating superintending engineer VS Johari said Warke was the official in charge. \"Proposal will come to me after Warke completes all processes and sends it to me.\"TOI has already highlighted doubts about completion of other works related to the memorial in the given time frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591801", "title": "Housing may get industry or infrastructure status", "text": "PUNE: The state government has 'in principle' supported the recommendation by a technical group to make housing a part of infrastructure or declare it as an industry.The 'technical group on estimation of urban housing shortage' of the country for the 12th Five Year Plan period (2012-17) has recently submitted its final report to the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation.\"The state government in principle has supported the suggestion. The final decision will soon conveyed to the central governmentIf housing becomes part of infrastructure or treated as industry, it will change the dynamics of urban development,\" said a state government official.If housing becomes an industry, the rules and regulations would change; and if it is put under the infrastructure category, more central and state funds could flow to civic bodies.According to the technical group, the total housing shortage estimated at the beginning of the 12th Five-Year Plan period is 18.78 million. Out of that, 10.55 million is in the economically weaker section (EWS) category and 7.41 million is in the low income group (LIG) category.In Pune, the mid-city area, comprising 17 'peths' and surrounding areas, spanning over 147.85 sq km, is facing a shortage of 658,975 houses. To accommodate the burgeoning population, the municipal corporation will have to facilitate construction of over 30,000 affordable houses in the coming years. Failure to do so will result in rise of slums.The new Development Plan (DP) for the old city areas has highlighted the need for affordable housing in the heart of the city.According to the housing survey incorporated in the DP, in the 17 'peths' and six sectors that the city has been divided into, the requirement of the EWS is around 290,873 houses (that is 44.14% of the total housing requirements). The low income group requires 132,022 houses (20.03%), middle income group requires 172,977 houses (26.24%) and the higher income group needs 63,103 houses (9.58%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17595831", "title": "Rescued minor girls back with families", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Ten out of 14 minor girls rescued by police on Tuesday were reunited with their families on Wednesday. The girls, who were in Childline's custody, were produced in front of District Child Welfare Committee (CWC) before being handed over to their parents. The rest four will be reunited with their parents when they come to take them.These girls aged between 13 and 17 years were rescued while they were being allegedly trafficked to Chennai to work in a garment factory by a six-member gang, including four women. Initially, police had assumed that there were two traffickers.\"We have arrested all six persons involved in the incident,\" said IIC of Baidyanathpur police station Deepak Mishra. Those arrested have been identified as S Subha Laxmi of Coimbatore, Sabita Sahu, Soudamini Pradhan, Madhuri Bisoi, Bibhuti Sahu and Balaji Pradhan (all from Ganjam district). \"We have advised their parents not to be lured by middlemen promising them good salaries,\" said chairperson of CWC U S Murthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17593196", "title": "Ravi Shankar: The global face of Indian classical music", "text": "In the 1960s, the western world could not be bothered with things Indian; to them our country was a god-forsaken third world nightmare in the back of beyond, dying of starvation and poverty and disease, an ex-colony whose grandeur belonged in the faded past. And whose classical music was nothing but a monotonous, mono-toned, never-ending bore.Enter the global hippie movement and a British cult group called 'The Beatles'. They decided to look for Indian spirituality, and George Harrison , their lead guitarist, decided to learn the sitar.Maharishi Mahesh Yogi and Ravi Shankar happened to be at the right place at the right time.The two Indians became 'The Beatles' and Harrison's gurus. Which of course turned them into global household names overnight, because the world media's spotlight focused wherever 'The Beatles' went and on whatever 'The Beatles' did.The Maharishi soon fell out of grace, having tried to allegedly make sexual advances toward Mia Farrow and other women in 'The Beatles' entourage.But Ravi Shankar remained one of George Harrison's closest friends right till the end, later promoting his own daughter Anoushka as a sitar superstar to the world.Making use of his global fame and Harrison's patronage, Shankar moved to America decades ago, and adapted his concerts to western audiences.He made his raags shorter, simpler, and preceded them with introductory speeches for beginners, not unlike the way Goan folk troupes introduce mandos to tourists.I met Ravi Shankar and performed on the same stage as him just once, sometime in the late 80s or early 90s, at a concert in Agra featuring India's top classical musicians and fusion artistes.Apart from knowing the pundits who were his own contemporaries, Shankar seemed at a total loss as to the new stalwarts of Indian classical and fusion music, and kept asking who they were.Which showed that though considered a representative of India, he had been away too long, and was sadly out of touch with what was happening in his own country.His own sitar playing had suffered, and after our pundits' virtuoso performances, it was sad to see Shankar's sound like a beginner's.And the less said about Anoushka's the better. An average sitar student in India was light years ahead of this American kid who decided there was big money to be made from being Ravi's daughter and wielding a sitar.I know all this sounds like blasphemy, but learned music critics said the same in the next day's papers.\"Shankar and Anoushka watering down Indian culture for dollars\", they screamed. Supporters argued this simplification made Indian music accessible to the west.As usual, there was truth and reason in both views.The world usually chooses one single face to represent an otherwise unknown culture or country, and doesn't take the trouble to discover other faces as talented or perhaps more so. Just as we limit ourselves to Bob Marley when we think of reggae and Jamaica, even though there are other brilliant artists on that island.To the world, Ravi Shankar's was the one and only face of Indian classical music.A global legend has passed away. Let us bow our heads in awe of his contribution and his good karma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592822", "title": "Anna university dismisses report of paper leak", "text": "CHENNAI: News of a leak of the maths question paper for engineering students spread like wild fire on Wednesday, creating doubts about whether the exam would be conducted again.News reports alleged that there could have been a leak of the third semester mathematics question paper conducted on December 7 and that a retest was likely. Anna University has, however, clarified that an inquiry had found no paper leak. \"It is a rumour. We conducted an enquiry and found the paper had not leaked. Some students are just spreading the tale,\" said vice-chancellor in-charge P Kaliraj.He said the rumour could have spread after a website put out a question bank of 200-300 questions, of which some questions carrying 40-50 marks were replicated in the third semester exam paper. \"If you look at the question papers of four or five years ago, you will be able to notice that many questions are repeated. It is possible that this is what happened here,\" professor Kaliraj said.Heads of self-financing engineering colleges in the state said the paper was uncommonly easy, and hence, could have given rise to such rumours. \"We have seen many students failing this paper over the years. But, this time the question paper was so easy, that students can easily score 80 marks,\" said RMK Engineering College vice-principal K A Mohamed Junaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591128", "title": "Jewellery award winners to be selected from 350 entries on December 22", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Jewellery Show (JJS) Indian Jeweller's Choice Awards will be announced during inauguration of the JJS, 2012 scheduled for December 22 at a gala awards ceremony at Hotel Marriot here. JJS convener Vimal Chand Surana said these awards would be given away to the best of the 350 entries from across 25 product categories.\"The presenting partner for the second edition of these awards is the JJS and it is powered by Gemological Institute of America (GIA). The JJS is one of the most looked-forward events on the jewellery calendar. Combining the advantages of both B2B and B2C shows, the event attracts trade visitors as well as consumers in large numbers from across the country,\" JJS secretary Rajiv Jain said.The Indian Jeweller magazine, popularly known as IJ, has fast grown into becoming the mirror of the jewellery industry of the country. It was last year that IJ launched the design awards in Mumbai which was well appreciated by the trade. These awards are an initiative towards providing the jewellery industry with a platform to bring in the forefront jewellery manufacturers and designers even from remote areas of the country.\"This one-of-its-kind jewellery awards felicitate outstanding talent in designing and manufacturing. For this award, designs of various contesting manufacturers and designers from across the country are chosen not by a panel of select judges but by over thousands of retailers from across the country,\" the show's media coordinator Ajay Kala said.This year, the design contest began in July 2012 and spanned over five months. Around 10,000 votes were cast by retailers from across the country in this one-of-its-kind design awards wherein the best designs are selected not by a panel of judges but on the basis of votes received by retailers from across the country, Rajiv Jain added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592235", "title": "DDA readying parking plan for capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is preparing a comprehensive parking policy based on travel demand management principles to tackle the parking problem and it will soon be finalized by the special task force (STF) headed by the Delhi chief secretary.Minister of state for urban development Deepa Dasmunsi, in a written reply to Lok Sabha on Wednesday, also said that DDA has informed the UD ministry that 21 multi-level parking sites have been identified by the local bodies. \"In addition to these sites, land owning agencies are required to finalize other sites from time to time,\" she said.On the tent mafia booking DDA grounds, the ministry informed the House that DDA has informed that it has started online booking of its grounds for public from November 7, 2012. \"This system intends to ensure transparency in booking of function sites and also to provide opportunity to common man to host functions at affordable cost,\" the reply said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "17592820", "title": "Magistrate sued for Nawada DJ's mother's death", "text": "NAWADA: A senior executive magistrate, currently posted as the district social welfare officer (SWO), has been made accused in the death of the mother of Nawada district judge (DJ).In a complaint petition filed by the court 'nazir' before the Nawada CJM, the complainant has alleged that the SWO's arrogant and criminal behaviour led to the untimely death of the DJ's mother. He also accused the SWO of extortion and assault. The SWO, while rubbishing allegations, informed that the DJ's mother was in a comatose condition long before her death and that the 'nazir' was taking advantage of his position as a court employee to defame him because he was not permitted to park his personal vehicle in the Officer's Colony where a number of senior civil and judicial magistrates have their official residences.According to the petition, civil court 'nazir' Syed Zackie Haider has stated that on Sunday evening he was summoned by ADJ B K Lal, currently the Nawada district judge in-charge, at the latter's residence in the Officer's Colony, to escort his ailing septuagenarian mother to the Sadar Hospital's emergency ward for urgent medical treatment. When he parked his Maruti car below the DJ's residence (on the first floor) to escort the DJ's mother to the hospital, SWO Vibhuti Ranjan Choudhary, also residing in the colony, allegedly demanded Rs 500 as 'rangdari' for parking the car. Despite explaining the circumstances of his parking the car, the SWO went a step ahead and not only assaulted him but also deflated all the four tyres of the car. As a result, he failed to escort the DJ's mother to the hospital and she died the same evening for lack of urgent medical help. The complainant also added in his petition that two first class judicial magistrates namely (JMFC), Shiv Kumar Prasad and Jeevan Lal, were present at the DJ's residence at the time of the incident.On the other hand, the SWO informed TOI on Tuesday evening that the whole set of allegations levelled against him were not only baseless and fabricated but also motivated. He informed that B K Lal had himself brought a nurse to attend to his ailing mother but she eventually died. He added that the nazir owned a hotel, which was located just opposite the gate of the Officer's Colony. On Sunday, a wedding ceremony was held at his hotel and the \"baraat party\" had parked their several vehicles in the Officer's Colony compound, a restricted zone. The drivers of these vehicles created an unruly scene due to their drunken state. As a result, they were directed to park their vehicles elsewhere.The complaint has created ripples in the corridors of the civil administration. Nawada additional district magistrate (ADM) Shailendra Kumar said on Wednesday that the allegations against the SWO appeared false. He added that unauthorized persons had converted Officer's Colony into a parking compound. \"These days anybody has the liberty to file a complaint case on false accusations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17596285", "title": "JD-U members block NH-75", "text": "GARHWA: Thousands of JD(U) workers led by former minister and senior leader Ram Chandra Kesri on Wednesday blocked NH-75 at Nagar Untari for eight hours in protest against threat of Patil Construction Company to stop work on extension of 80-km stretch of NH-75. The blockade began at 7am and ended at 3 pm.The Pune-based Patil Construction Company has threatened to stop extension work of NH-75 due to security reason. The company's workers accused Kesri of unnecessary harassing them.Kesri on the other hand refuted the charges of harassment levelled against him by the company's workers. He said the company failed to perform its duty honestly andIt could not complete the extension work even after two years. Instead, the firm has dug up several culverts and left them abandoned, he said, adding that the dusty road has been creating health hazard to the people.However, the blockade was ended after a written assurance by NHAI assistant engineer Bipin Chaudhary in presence of Nagar Untari SDM Satyendra Kumar, SDPO Ashok Kumar, OC Amitabh Roy and BDO Vishnu Deo Kashyap that the work will soon be restarted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591196", "title": "Master plan for first node of Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor by January end", "text": "JAIPUR: The master plan for the first node of Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor spread over 555 sq km covering Shahjahapur-Neemrana-Behror is set to be finalized by the end of January 2013, a top government official said.Kuiper Compagnons BV, the consultant for preparing the master plan, has submitted its report, following which the UDH has already notified the draft plan. \"After addressing the queries and objections, the state steering level committee will give a go ahead to the UDH for its notification, which is expected to be done by end of January 2013,\" said the official.The DMIC steering level committee, which met on Tuesday, also discussed developments in the second node covering Jodhpur-Pali-Marwar.\"The consultant has given three options for preparing the master plan for the second node. The committee will study the development plans and take a decision soon,\" said Sidharth Mahajan, commissioner, Bureau of Investment Promotions.The land acquisition process has already begun for the first node, where the investment region will come up over 165 sq km area. The state government is planning to bring in a legislation which will enable creation of a body that will be responsible for planning and development of the investment region.Since that will take time, the government is planning to form a temporary mechanism to look at planning, development and also oversee the municipal functions of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592191", "title": "Couple alleges harassment by President guards", "text": "NEW DELHI: A city couple has complained to the cops that they were harassed and manhandled by four men, who are part of the President's security apparatus. The woman has further alleged that the men also molested her and beat up her boyfriend while they were sitting at the Buddha Garden in Chanakyapuri.A source told TOI that the armymen beat up the youth after he objected to their lewd behaviour and tried to save his girlfriend. The men also threatened the couple with dire consequences.No FIR has been lodged in the matter; however, addl CP K C Dwivedi (New Delhi) confirmed receipt of the complaint and said an ACP rank officer has been put in charge of the investigation. \"If allegations are found true, strict action will be taken ,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593624", "title": "Parents rough it out to buy admission forms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parents had to jostle for space in long queues in schools on Wednesday, after struggling to find parking space before entering the premises. As sale of admission forms started at three city convent schools, a leading school in Sector 9 introduced the token system to simplify the process.\"The arrangement is irritating. School authorities are not allowing entry from one particular gate, which is very confusing for parents who are new to the school and come from far-flung areas. Some parents ran out of patience and this led to chaos,\" said Anupama Bajaj, a resident of Sector 15.Carmel Convent School, Sector 9, St John's Convent School and Sacred Heart High School, Sector 26 started selling admission forms for lower and upper kindergarten on Wednesday.A huge traffic jam in the Sector 26 institutional area added to the woes of parents, who were not allowed to enter the school premises to park vehicles. \"Some people are permitted to take cars inside while others are not,\" said Dr Vandana Puri, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula at St John's Convent School. Failure of schools to post information on their website added to the confusion. Most parents said clash in timings made it very difficult for them to procure forms. In several cases, different members of the same family went to different schools to buy forms.\"My husband and I have been standing in long queues at Carmel Convent School and Sacred Heart Convent school to get forms. School authorities should have kept different timings to make it simpler for parents,\" said Maninder Kaur of Manimajra at Sacred Heart Convent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596537", "title": "Santa rings in shopping bonanza", "text": "Ludhiana: As Christmas shopping picks up steam, the jovial figure in a silver-white beard draws children like the proverbial Pied Piper.Santas in all conceivable shapes and sizes are not confined to the customary red but are also available in golden garments. \"Sales are high on Christmas. Santa toys attract children and people do not shy away from spending on this day. We have Santa pillows, mechanical Santa that jumps and laughs on a skate board and the singing-dancing Santa, which is a favourite. Every year, Santa toys have something new to offer, which greatly adds to their charm,\" said Jatin Kumar, owner of a gift shop in BRS Nagar.Aditi Thomas, a 20-year-old resident of BRS Nagar said, \"Every year, we bring a Santa home. Usually, the market has so much to offer that I feel spoilt for choice. We have bought three Santas already this year and towards December end I think the house will be overflowing with Santas.\"Gurpreet Chahal, a resident of Sarabha Nagar can't help indulging her five-year-old daughter who totally loves Santa. \"My daughter Mannat goes crazy when she sees the dancing Santa. We will decorate a Christmas tree and we have already bought her three musical Santas. One with a guitar, a jumping Santa and one that sings and dances to carols.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592215", "title": "'487 bungalows in Lutyens\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Delhi structurally unsafe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The urban development ministry informed the Lok Sabha on Wednesday that a survey conducted in 2001-2002 had found that 487 bungalows in the Lutyens Bungalow Zone (LBZ) were structurally unsafe. The survey done to identify safety status of bungalows in this area for their precarious/structurally unsafe/structurally safe condition had also found that 29 bungalows were in very precarious condition.In a written reply, MoS for urban development Deepa Dasmunshi submitted that the government has not taken any decision regarding razing/refurbishing/replacing of these bungalows.Debate has been raging on redevelopment of bungalows considering their unsafe conditions and the high average maintenance cost of each such bungalow. Official sources said that there are about 600 bungalows in this zone that need to be razed and reconstructed.The need to fix the problem was raised during PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee's tenure, when he had called for replacing the old bungalows with new and modern dwellings, in 1999. But the proposal has remained in the drawing board so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592379", "title": "Haryana: Backward commission okays reservation for Haryana Jats", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days before the Jats march to Delhi demanding job reservation, the Haryana backward classes commission on Wednesday recommended reservation to Jats and four other castes in Central and government services by including them in the OBC list. The commission has also recommended reservation for these communities in admission to educational institutions.However, the agitating Jat leaders have said they will stick to their plan of launching an agitation on December 16 until a formal notification is issued by the Haryana government.In his report to chief secretary PK Chaudhary, commission chairman justice KC Gupta (retd) has recommended 10% reservation for Jats, Bishnois, Jat Sikhs, Rors and Tyagis in the OBC category, in addition to the already existing 27% reservation for other castes in this category.Gupta said that the recommendations were made after a detailed survey of the social, educational and economical status of 16 castes in Haryana.\"We recommended reservation for castes which have qualified the standards fixed for the reservation,\" he added. Gupta said that it is now up to the Haryana government to take a final decision.The Haryana cabinet, which met on Wednesday, has in principle approved of the recommendations with chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda saying that the recommendations regarding inclusion of five castes, which include Jats and Jat Sikhs, will be forwarded to the Union government for inclusion in the OBC list.Meanwhile, Sarv Jat khap panchayat spokesperson Sube Singh Samain said that their agitation would continue until the state as well as the Central government announce reservation for Jats.Haryana unit president of Akhil Bhartiya Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, Hawa Singh Sangwan, said, \"Jats will start moving towards Delhi from different places of the state on December 16 as per already announced programme. We will block all the roads leading to the national capital on December 23.\"Following a violent agitation by Jats, the state government on April 8, 2012 had constituted the Haryana Backward Classes Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591819", "title": "Two more bodies found at Faridabad collapse site", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death toll in the Greater Faridabad building collapse climbed to six on Wednesday after two more bodies were pulled out the debris.Four labourers, including two brothers, were crushed to death when the school they were building came crashing down in sector 88 of Greater, around 30km from Delhi, on Tuesday. The rescue operations continued through Wednesday.The police have also identified the three bodies which were recovered on Tuesday night. They have been identified as Aditya, Durga Prasad and Urmila Devi. So far, the official figures put the number of deaths at six and that of injured as 10. Doctors at the B K Prasad Hospital who carried out the postmortems said that all except one body is still to be handed out to relatives.The police said that they have now set up two dedicated teams to continue the rescue work and the investigation simultaneously. \"One team will be helping the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team till the rescue operation gets over. We have now arranged for better drilling machines and other state-of-the-art machines. We are hoping to complete rescue work in the next few hours,'' said Shetrujit Kapur, commissioner, Faridabad police.Sources say the rescue workers are expecting to complete work by 9 am even as locals insist that at least a couple of bodies still remain trapped beneath the debris.Till reports last came in, the NDRF team from Ghaziabad was continuing rescue operations. Though those on the upper tiers of the building could be shifted immediately to the hospitals, problems arose while rescuing the labourers who were residing in the ground floor of the building.The construction company SRS, the contractor and the school authorities have already been booked under relevant sections by the Faridabad police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17595830", "title": "Aged couple robbed in Hunsur", "text": "MYSORE: A group of six persons robbed an aged couple at their residence in Hunsur on Tuesday.Police said the group came to the house of retired forest officer Ramaskrishna, 65, around 9pm on the pretext of asking for some help. The miscreants claimed their tractor had developed a snag and they wanted tools for repair. However, Ramakrishna didn't entertain them and asked them to leave the place.Ramakrishna followed them till the entrance but the group attacked him and barged into the house. They attacked his wife Sundaramma too. The group took away gold valuables worth Rs 60,000 and Rs 18,000 cash from the locker.Ramakrishna was earlier working in Ooty and settled in Hunsur eight years ago after his retirement. The couple has sustained minor injuries.A case has been registered in Hunsur rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17591276", "title": "Court restrains AIFF from deferring Bagan tie", "text": "KOLKATA: Mohun Bagan decided to go into a legal battle with the All India Football Federation (AIFF), giving the abandoned I-League Kolkata derby a fresh twist.On Wednesday afternoon, the AIFF decided to postpone Mohun Bagan's next I-League match against Arrows, which was scheduled for Saturday.Mohun Bagan were quick to react, moving the city civil court here against the AIFF decision. The court, in an ex-parte order, restrained the AIFF from taking any action against the club without giving them proper hearing.\"As of now, Mohun Bagan's next match on Saturday as well as other I-League matches are on schedule. The judge has restrained the AIFF from taking any action against Mohun Bagan without giving them an opportunity for proper hearing. The judge has also restrained the AIFF from stopping any matches of the I-League till the hearing by AIFF,\" said lawyer Sourav Ganguly, who fought the case for Mohun Bagan in the court.The federation is likely to move a higher court against the decision on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17596156", "title": "Petroleum wagon catches fire again, train movement stalled", "text": "BAHRAICH: The petroleum wagon at the down railway track on Gorakhpur-Lucknow railway division started burning again on Wednesday as a result of which movement of trains was stopped.The operation of trains remained affected for about three hours causing inconvenience to the passengers. The fire brigade vans from Barabanki and Gonda controlled the fire. The railway engineer and the security officers reached the spot and the rail traffic resumed late in the evening.Baitalpur down goods train caught fire on Gorakhpur-Lucknow division, which caused huge damage and rail traffic resumed after 24 hours. The petroleum wagons of the goods train were still lying near the railway track. The wagons, which were lying near the down track caught fire again.RPF personnel Satya Prakash and VP Sharma told that the smoke rose all of a sudden and by the time they could understand the situation the flames started rising. The railway personnel present there put a red flag on the down train and informed top railway officials.Okha Express going to Gorakhpur from Trivendrum was stalled at Jarwal road railway station while Bareily Express was stalled at Budhwal railway station. The goods trains were also stopped and a total of six trains remained affected.The railway personnel said the petroleum wagons, which got derailed on the railway track on Friday were taken far away from the tracks and the petrol was drained out but no one touched the wagons lying near the down track.The petrol in the wagon could be the cause of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593855", "title": "Cabby\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death causes tension", "text": "HYDERABAD: The sudden death of a cab driver on the road following an altercation with a fellow motorist created mild tension at LB Nagar on Wednesday.The victim was identified as Iqbal, 44, a cab driver from Malakpet. On Wednesday morning, CISF inspector Amit Kumar Singh hired Iqbal's cab at the RGI Airport to go to Ramoji Film City.At Chintalkunta in LB Nagar, Iqbal's cab accidentally grazed another car travelling in the front and an altercation ensued between Iqbal and the driver of the other car.In a fit of rage, Iqbal got out of his cab and rushed towards the other driver. While arguing, Iqbal suddenly collapsed on the road and fell unconscious. The CISF inspector, who was travelling in the cab with two of his family members, immediately alerted police about the incident.\"The LB Nagar police rushed to the spot and shifted Iqbal in an ambulance to Osmania General Hospital , where he was declared brought dead,\" assistant commissioner of police (ACP), LB Nagar, J Amrendar Reddy said.Initially, there were rumours that Iqbal was attacked by the other driver, which resulted in his death. However, the ACP said that it was not true. \"It was Iqbal who caused an accident. The CISF inspector and his family members were eye-witnesses to the incident. They clearly stated that Iqbal collapsed on the ground while arguing with the other driver. We suspect that Iqbal might have suffered a heart attack and the cause of death will come to light once we get the post-mortem report,\" the ACP said.Immediately after Iqbal collapsed on the road, the other car driver left the spot in his vehicle. Police have booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17592890", "title": "Parsekar is diverting attention: Vishwajit", "text": "PANAJI: Former health minister Vishwajit Rane flatly denied present minister Laxmikant Parsekar's charge that he was holding six health department files, and challenged the BJP government to conduct any inquiry on insulin deals when he was health minister.Approached for his comment on Parsekar's charge, Rane wondered why it took Parsekar nine months to come out with this charge. He categorically denied holding back any files, and also denied receiving any written communication from the principal secretary for information about the files.Rane said he had handed over all files when he left office. He said that the joint secretary for health during his tenure is still holding the same post and has all details about all files and transactions. Parsekar should clarify with him, Rane said. He also accused Parsekar of enacting this \"drama\" to divert people's attention from his own incompetence as health minister.Rane said Parsekar's charge follows his criticism of the health minister for neglecting the health infrastructure in his constituency and in Goa at large. \"It is my right as a legislator to raise public interest issues,\" Rane said.Rane then said he wanted to suspend the debate about the missing files in view of chief minister Manohar Parrikar's birthday on Thursday and said he wished to extend his good wishes to Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nusajaya (malaysia)", "code": "17596141", "title": "Bhullar wants final merit shot in Iskandar Open", "text": "Nusajaya (Malaysia): Gaganjeet Bhullar is just 24-years-old but he fully understands that he could well be the next one to inspire the next generation of youngsters into the game back in India by pushing for the top spot on Order of Merit at the USD 2 million Iskandar Johor Open.Getting ready for the final event of the 2012 season on Asian Tour, Bhullar is lying fourth on the Order of Merit ahead of the Iskandar Johor Open, which tees off here on Thursday.Apart from Bhullar, there is a strong Indian presence at the event with the likes of Shiv Kapur, Anirban Lahiri, Jyoti Randhawa, SSP Chowrasia, Himmat Rai, Digvijay Singh , Chiragh Kumar, Shankar Das and Ajeetesh Sandhu also competing for the top honours.The field also has Daniel Chopra , who was sixth last week in Thailand Golf Championships, and he will be looking to revive memories of his first pro win achieved in Johor back in 1993. The presence of Major champions like Ernie Els , Michael Campbell and John Daly besides Sergio Garcia , a perennial favourite, has made the field world class.India holds the distinction of having produced the most number of Merit champions with Jyoti Randhawa (2002) followed by Arjun Atwal in 2003. Jeev Milkha Singh secured a double with wins in 2006 and 2008. And it is a proud record that Bhullar hopes to add his name too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17596336", "title": "Big labour needs for big success: Chetan Bhagat", "text": "BOKARO: Writer Chetan Bhagat advised students to work hard to achieve big success. \"Small labour will always achieve you small things and big labour will achieve you big success\", he said here on Wednesday.Sharing his experiences citing several examples, he motivated students for doing \"big labour\" to achieve success in IIT-JEE and other prestigious examinations. Bhagat was participating in a seminar organized by IITian's Space.Bhagat told the students that everyone wants to do big things in life but they are not confident about how to achieve it. \"I am here to tell you how to be a super achiever. Anything whether it is small or big you want to do in life, you have to do labour accordingly.\"\"In life sometimes we all have to do big labour for achieving big things. Like, writing a book, training for marathon, losing weight and preparing for IIT-JEE examination, it all need immense labour and it cannot be achieve doing small labour as we do to gain small things every day.\"The writer advised the students six steps through which big goals could be achieve. \"To achieve big things, one requires to set a clear goal, reasons behind that goal, detailed action plan, setback dealing mechanism and faith. I have also done big labour various times in my life like writing books and others and these steps always help me a lot,\" he said.He asked students to keep faith on god, parents and the order of universe besides self-belief. \"Faith in god will help letting go anxieties while believing in the order of universe will make you realize that hardwork always get awarded. Preparing a detail action plan will also help students a lot as it includes you to prepare what topics you will cover, by when and using what resources. It could keep getting revised.\" He also said that timing is always important to achieve the goal.Defining the second step- reasons behind that goal- Bhagat said that it will make students know why they want that goal and what will happen if they don't achieve that goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592586", "title": "10-year-old dies on campus, family says he was electrocuted", "text": "CHENNAI: A 10-year-old boy died on his school campus near Ponneri, 45km from Chennai, on Tuesday evening. Relatives of B Lokesh alleged that he was electrocuted, but police said they were awaiting a postmortem report.Police handed over the body of Lokesh, a Class V student of Venkateswara Vidyalaya in Nandiambakkam, on Wednesday. They registered a case of unnatural death. Forensic experts said they hadn't ruled out electrocution but only a pathological test of the burnt skin from the left palm could prove it conclusively.His uncle, S Vijayakumar, said students told him Lokesh was electrocuted when they were playing hide and seek in the open air auditorium. \"There was no help from the school. We rushed him to a hospital, where doctors declared him dead,\" he said.The school was locked on Wednesday and its correspondent S Arumanayagayam was not available for comment. DSP (Ponneri) S Jagadeeshwaran said they will initiate action if the school was found guilty or negligent. \"The autopsy report is expected in two weeks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593248", "title": "Will we ever get to hear such music?", "text": "KOLKATA: Ananda Shankar started synthesizing Indian and world instruments in 1969. Initially he feared that Kaka ( Ravi Shankar ) would be sceptical about what he had termed 'World Music.' But when he heard Ananda, he realised he wasn't fooling around. Ananda presented him the album, 'Ananda Shankar', recorded in Los Angeles for Warner Bros. Later in 1989, he presented the album '2001', so named to indicate that it's the music of the next century. Again, when he recorded 'Missing You' for Baba, he first presented it to Kaka.Ananda was a die-hard fan of Kaka's music. He grew up listening to it, and knew he could not equal, let alone excel it. So he diverted himself to World Music. He was never a part of the interactions Kaka had with Yehudi Menuhin, Andre Previn or Philip Glass but he always collected each and every album that came out of such collaboration.I first met Kaka in 1971, when Ananda took me to Jahajbari to listen to him play. I was about 13 then. Since then I've always attended his concerts, when he played in the Marble Palace, in Science City, in a jugalbandi or solo. That has generated an interest in and love for Indian raga music. His duets with Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Allah Rakha seem like a dream now. Will we ever get to hear music of that level? I therefore treasure the memory of the evening in Delhi's Kamani auditorium when I staged The Child in January. He not only sat through the entire evening, he lauded my work and blessed me for the production that was a tribute to Tagore in his 150th year.As a person, he was deeply affectionate, always full of life, jocular, even childish in his interactions with his family. Although he was born in Benaras and raised away from Bengal, he always read Bengali books, listened to Bengali music, kept himself abreast of developments in Bengali literature by regularly subscribing to Bengali weeklies and journals - even in Santiago. And when he came to Kolkata, I would cook for him and take it across to the Ballygunge Park apartment of Vinay Bharatram (where he always put up). Be it aalu posto or laal shaak, he would polish it off without giving anyone a chance to realise whether it was well cooked or not!He called up to bless my daughter Srinanda because he could not be present at her wedding. He considered it right as the head of the Shankar family when his brother was gone.--Ananda Shankar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593020", "title": "Shikha Mitra under suspension cloud", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after fistfights with the Left in the assembly, the ruling Trinamool Congress came in for a blow from an insider - party MLA from Chowringhee and Somen Mitra's wife Shikha Mitra. Shikha condemned the ugly slugfest and said that she was scared of coming to the House.The Trinamool Congress MLA distanced herself from the ruling party that had put the entire blame on the \"CPM goondaraj\", thus adding herself to the list of party defiants - Suman Chattopadhyay, Rabindranath Bhattacharya, Ambica Banerjee and Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay.\"I was not present in the assembly on Tuesday. But the incident is deplorable, no matter which party has done it. I wonder what the people, who voted us to this House, would be thinking. I have no answer for them. As a woman, I am scared of coming to the assembly,\" said Mitra while coming out of the assembly on Wednesday after a brief stint of 15 minutes.Mitra's comment has raised eyebrows in Trinamool circles, prompting the party to \"suspend Mitra for an indefinite period.\" However, none of the Trinamool heavyweights - Subrata Mukherjee, Partha Chatterjee, Subrata Bakshi - was ready to confirm the suspension, leave aside the grounds. \"I am not aware of the disciplinary step as yet. I saw it in a television channel,\" Mukherjee said.However, Shikha Mitra is unfazed. Instead, she dared the Trinamool leadership to take the disciplinary step. \"I have not received any such letter. I have been threatened with a similar step way back in July, a day after I spoke against politics of sycophancy. But the letter didn't reach me. Let me get it first and I will give my reply accordingly,\" the defiant Trinamool MLA said. Mitra got in touch with her husband and Trinamool MP Somen Mitra, now in Delhi. \"He (Somen) asked me to wait for the suspension letter before giving a detailed response,\" Mitra said.Mitra wondered how her calling the assembly slugfest \"condemnable and deplorable\" goes against party discipline. \"It's strange. Are we living in a Taliban regime. I am not going to listen to any fatwa. We live in an independent country where everybody has the right of speech,\" Mitra said.Trinamool leaders, however, saw in Mitra's remarks a deviation from the stubborn party stand that has no room for introspection. They have started weaving together pieces of her defiance - opening up at Pradesh Congress headquarters on the occasion of former chief minister Bidhan Chandra Roy's birthday on July 1, filing a defamation case against Trinamool general secretary Partha Chatterjee, and finally refusing to give a clean chit to her own party on what happened in the assembly on Tuesday. Mitra The Trinamool MLA from Chowringheeis not bothered about interpretations. \"I won't make any comment. Let those who run the party decide. I can only say that I was a bird in a cage, and any disciplinary step will only hasten my flying free,\" Mitra said.Before coming to the assembly, Mitra had been to the Bankshall Court to attend the scheduled hearing of the criminal defamation case she has made against Partha Chatterjee. \"The hearing didn't happen today because the judge was absent,\" Mitra said.The hearing has been slated for the third week of January. Mitra took offence to the alleged \"defamatory remarks\" by Chatterjee - questioning her efficiency as an MLA and also that Mamata had \"obliged her by giving her a party ticket that she didn't deserve\".Chatterjee made the alleged comments in reaction to Mitra's remark at Bidhan Bhavan (the Congress HQ) on the occasion of former chief minister Bidhan Roy's birthday on July 1. Mitra had said she didn't want to be a part of the \"politics of sycophancy.\"While the Trinamool disciplinary committee was quick to take up the matter and recommended strong action against Shikha Mitra for her outburst against Mamata Banerjee , she sent a legal notice to Partha Chatterjee on July 6 seeking an explanation for his remarks.According to Mitra's lawyer Supriya Ranjan Saha, she filed the defamation suit when she did not get a response from the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "synopsis", "code": "17595068", "title": "Sun Sun Thatha", "text": "Synopsis: Abi (Ahbi), a schoolboy, leads a lonely life as his globetrotting parents have no time for him. But when his father's guardian Sun Sun (Jamali Shadat) visits, Abi learns how it feels to have a family.Review: It is not everyday that one comes across a movie that is both short and sweet. Sun Sun Thatha is just that, and all in the right proportions. Set in Malaysia , the movie portrays the void in Abi's life as his parents are caught up in a rat race, where is making money is all they care for. The boy lives mostly on junk food, and cartoons bring all the laughs in his life.The movie is a lesson on child psychology. It tells you how a child thinks and acts in particular circumstances. The scene where the boy thinks Sun Sun is dead when actually he has fallen asleep explains it well. Although Abhi's acting could have done with some polishing, the story makes his character endearing and makes you hope he had a better life. In his fifth movie as director, Nasser's Sun Sun Thatha is a message for parents who get little time to spend with their children. Like Mr. Sun Sun says, money can buy you what you need, but the joy of watching your child grow up is much more than what money can buy.The character of the lovable grandfather Sun Sun is played by popular Malaysian comedian Jamali Shadat, who brings out all the right emotions. As long as he's on screen, you are assured of a laugh with every other dialogue. Nasser plays the role of Abi's ever-busy dad effortlessly.Music is by R Prabhar, who gives us two good melodies that work well in the movie. The camera work by Segar Varadhan is okay, but for the output is not up to the mark. The dubbing too comes in the way of the viewing experience, with little synchronization between lip movement and audio track. But it's the spirit of the movie that makes you enjoy it.Sun Sun Thatha is a good effort but a bit more polishing could have made it a much better experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596507", "title": "'Pandit Ravi Shankar was my inspiration'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The death of sitar virtuoso Pandit Ravi Shankar brings the curtains down on an era which can be called the renaissance of classical Indian music. After a period of decline, Pandit Ravi Shankar came as a breath of fresh air for Indian music.The maestro went on to be a world wide icon in the 60s, which is when he met and came close to The Beatles. Later, musical greats from around the world became his followers. In his hands, the Sitar took on many forms, sometimes soothing with gentle notes and sometimes setting blood coursing through listener's veins with its energy.Pandit Ravi Shankar's international fame in music was rooted in dance. Born in Varanasi on April 7, 1920, Ravi Shankar moved to Paris when he was 10 to join his brother Uday's dance troupe. As part of the troupe, Ravi Shankar travelled several countries. The exposure was to help him fulfill his real mission.Pandit Ravi Shankar's demise is a tragedy not just for India but also the world. This is what city residents have to say about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595600", "title": "Kalanithi Maran breathes easy", "text": "Sun Group chairman Kalanithi Maran was accused of not paying the full amount agreed upon the television rights for Vijay starrer 'Kaavalan' between him and producer Sakthi Chidambaram. The director cum producer of the film had made a formal police complaint regarding the same on Kalanithi Maran.However the Madras High Court has directed the police not to arrest Sun Group chairman Kalanithi Maran as of now and the further hearing of the case is scheduled for December 18.In his complaint, Sakthi Chidambaram stated that he had entered into an agreement with Sun TV Network for telecasting Vijay starrer 'Kaavalan', for Rs 5.5 crore, but however, the film was telecast on Sun TV before the entire amount was paid alleged Sakthi Chidambaram.Based on his complaint, a case was registered against Maran and his associates under different sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592119", "title": "Nagpur University finally removes illegal posters", "text": "NAGPUR: After days of inaction, the Nagpur University has finally woken up to remove the illegal posters which were put up around the campus. The late action came after TOI highlighted the issue three days in a rowreported as to how the NU's lethargic administration had failed to take notice of the illegal posters put up all over the premises of the university by the employees under banner of Nagpur University Employees Association (NUEA). and how they were not removed despite pointing out to them.Registrar Ashok Gomase confirmed the development stating that all the illegal posters, which were erected without seeking permission, had been removed. These posters had criticized the media and the NU administration for portraying NU employees' wrong picture and suppressing their democratic rights. Despite repeated promises to remove them, the NU administration had failed to remove these posters.Gomase informed that a committee was constituted headed by NU estate officer Vinod Ilme who was asked to submit a report on the issue within 10 days. Surprisingly, Gomase had himself claimed ignorance of any such committee a couple of days back.Though most of the posters were removed, one poster still continues to be hanging on the Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) premises. When questioned about this, Gomase informed, \"An inquiry will be conducted after which action will be taken. Since the poster has been put on the employees union's premises, we might not be able to remove it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593684", "title": "Police on trail of international drug peddlers' gang", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Busting an international gang of drug peddlers, Chandigarh police, on Wednesday morning arrested a Nigerian and seized 30 grams of high quality cocaine from his possession. According to the police, the cocaine is worth Rs 1 crore in the international market. His car, which had a Chandigarh registration number, was also seized.The accused, Godwin Ulo Awa, a resident of Sector 69, Mohali, was arrested from near a forest nursery in Daria village, Chandigarh.\"During of interrogation, it was found that the accused is a seasoned drug peddler who made contact with major drug peddlers in India and abroad. They are directly or indirectly involved in smuggling and supplying of contraband in India,\" said sub-inspector Om Parkash, who arrested Awa.\"Awa bought the consignment from another Nigerian, Atol, from Delhi. We arrested Awa while he was on his way to Shimla to deliver the consignment to some unknown person,\" Parkash said. Awa was produced in court on Wednesday afternoon.Police sought weeklong remand but the court gave five-day remand.The prosecution lawyer told the court that they need to interrogate the accused to identify others involved and the route of the international smuggling channel. Police booked the accused under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.Police said that they have dispatched raiding teams to Delhi and in parts of Himachal Pradesh to arrest his accomplices. In November 2009, the special crime investigation cell of the Chandigarh police arrested two Nigerians and recovered 30 grams of cocaine from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592663", "title": "HC disposes of PIL on JPNAIIMS", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday disposed of a PIL of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare (CPPRW) seeking early completion of Jayaprakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS) after the central government filed an affidavit that it would become functional in 2013-14.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice A N Trivedi disposed of the PIL and appreciated the efforts of late M P Gupta, who had filed the PIL as CPPRW secretary, his son Brajesh Kumar who contested the case after his father's death and the state government's standing counsel, Shashibhushan Kumar, who assisted the court. The court had been monitoring the case since 2004 when the PIL was filed.The division bench had formed a lawyers committee on behalf of the court to monitor the construction work of the JPNAIIMS hospital and other structures. The petitioners were the members of the committee that visited the JPNAIIMS site several times and reported to the high court about the slow pace of construction work.The bench had, in the past, fixed the deadline of October 2, 2012, by which the JPNAIIMS had to be made functional. Justice Verma had remarked that he wanted to see the JPNAIIMS functioning during his tenure as a judge here. He is to retire in January, 2013. But the construction work kept moving at a snail's pace.During the PIL hearing, Justice Verma remarked several times that the contractor, M/S B L Kashyap and Sons, had continued with its slow pace of construction work. When the bench directed the firm to give an undertaking regarding the time it would take for completion of the project, Kashyap did not oblige and, instead, moved the Supreme Court against the high court order.On December 10, the firm's counsel orally submitted before the court that construction of JPNAIIMS hospital building would be completed in six months. But there was no undertaking. On this, Brajesh and Shashi urged the court not to dispose of this PIL but continue monitoring of the project till its completion.On January 2, 2004, the then Vice-President of India, late Bhairon Singh Shekhawat , had laid the foundation stone of Patna AIIMS at Phulwarisharif and the then health minister, Sushma Swaraj , had announced that the construction work would be completed in two years. When nothing was done, late Gupta had filed this PIL and the high court started monitoring the JPNAIIMS project for which the state government acquired around 100 acres of land from farmers and handed it over to the central government on April 27, 2006, for starting the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17593674", "title": "Cops to be booked for torturing accused", "text": "KANNUR: In a setback to the police probing the Shukkoor murder case, a local court here directed the police to register a case against Kannur DySP P Sukumaran and four others on the basis of a private complaint filed by Sumesh K V (27), the first accused in the case.According to Adv Nicholas Joseph, who appeared for Sumesh, Kannur magistrate T P Anilkumar directed the police to register a case under section 324 of IPC. They have been asked to appear before the court on March 3, he said. The other four accused are Valappattanam CI, U Preman, and the members of the special squad probing the case, Mahijan, Yogesh and Rajeevan.In the complaint Sumesh alleged that he was taken in custody on May 30, and was brutally tortured for two days in Kannur city police station before presenting him in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593838", "title": "Realtor slits girl\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s throat in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a gruesome incident, a real-estate businessman hacked a 19-year-old girl to death in Ibrahimpatnam on Wednesday evening .The victim was identified as Nikhila, 19, a degree student from Ibrahimpatnam. At 6 pm, Nikhila was hacked to death at her house by 28-year-old Raghavendar Reddy, a realtor from Saidabad.Nikhila's father Bala Raju runs a grocery store in Ibrahimpatnam and she was the eldest of his two daughters. Reddy knew Nikhila for several years as her family was his sister's tenant. Nikhila was alone at the house when the incident happened .Deputy commissioner of police (DCP), LB Nagar, C Ravi Varma, who visited the crime spot, said: \"During preliminary probe, we came to know that after entering the house, Raghavendar Reddy spoke to Nikhila for some time and suddenly slit her throat with a knife.\"The incident came to light when Nikhila's mother Lata came home. She saw her daughter lying dead on the floor in a pool of blood. On seeing the body, Lata screamed for help. Reddy pushed her away and threaten the neighbours, who came there to help the family. Though reddy inflicted a cut his neck, neighbours overpowered him and alerted police. Reddy was shifted to Osmania General Hospital and his condition was said to be out of danger . \"We are yet to ascertain the motive behind the attack. However, it is suspected that either some personal or financial issues could be the reason,\" Ibrahimpatnam inspector K Ram Kumar said.Reddy is married and have two children. According to sources, when Bala Raju's family was staying at his sister's house, Reddy had supported the family financially. Police suspect that the incident happened when Reddy came to the house to demand Lata to return the money.According to another version, Reddy demanded Lata to return the money. \"We suspect that when Lata and Reddy were arguing about the financial matters, Nikhila might have intervened and, in a fit if rage, Reddy might have killed her,\" a nieghbour said. Reddy reportedly told police the same version at the hospital. A case was booked against him under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596007", "title": "Now, a Facebook account for Kumbh Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: All visitors, specially foreigners and people from southern states, who want to have details of the Maha Kumbh-2013 would not have to wander around. The Mela police has set up an account at the social networking site, 'Facebook', carrying all details about Allahabad, religious importance of the city, its map, how to reach it, Sangam, weather and visa information.The idea behind setting up of the account is to provide necessary and up-to-date inputs/information to the visitors and also to receive feedback on the department's functioning.The profile, created by SSP (Kumbh) R K S Rathore and a techno-savvy police team, has been assigned the duty of routinely updating the page which would also carry the information about main bathing days, eminent temples, parking areas, religious spots, ghats, akharas and police stations.The page visitors would have an option of 66 foreign and regional languages, including Swedish, Greek, French, Spanish, Thai, Yiddish, Danish and Indian languages like Tamil, Gujarati, Telgu and Urdu to know more about Kumbh and its importance as well as places to visit.Deputy SP (Kumbh) Digambar Kushwaha told TOI: \"We have launched the page on Facebook to provide an online access to all information to lakhs of foreigners and people from southern states. When millions of people are using Facebook to know more about things happening across the world, why should we lag behind.\"Kushwaha said: \"One could easily log in on www.kumbhpolice.com and easily access the page and share all relevant information. Since we have launched the account, we have been receiving an overwhelming response. Hundreds of page visitors have put up their comments.\"The DSP claimed that the police are putting even minute details for the convenience of pilgrims on the account and also welcoming suggestions. The account also carries a helpline number and email addresses of senior Kumbh Mela authorities as they could share inputs or suggestions. Similarly, details regarding civil police, jal police, fire services, PAC and CPRF is also available online.\"Interestingly, while 50 people 'befrended' the Mela police on the first day, over 400 liked the page. The exercise would yield desired results as people have started sharing the inputs. A technical team of cops is also assisting the Mela police officials to update the information,\" the DySP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17593339", "title": "Instrumental players: Meet the Sharmas of Delhi, the back-end of the legend", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the course of his long career, Ravi Shankar changed styles, experimented and collaborated with practitioners of forms patently different from his own. And accompanying him on the ride was the Sharma family, which custommade instruments for the maestro for over three decades. Operating from a tiny shop called Rikhi Ram's Music in Delhi's Gole Market, the \"official instrument-makers\" to Shankar aided his music with their craft and inventions till the very end.You can't play till the age of 91 if you don't have the right equipment. Rikhi Ram's grandson Sanjay Sharma's last batch of modifications to the sitar enabled Shankar to resume performing in 2006. \"In the winter of 2005, Guruji had pneumonia. His left shoulder was frozen and he couldn't reach the lower notes. I created a scaled-down instrument for him. Without it, he couldn't have played for more than 10 minutes at a time,\" says Sharma, 44. The new one is 42 inches instead of the 48-50 inches he'd been using; the sound-board is 12 inches instead of 14; a detachable stand allows the instrument to stay in position without the player having to hold it up and the sitar has an \"extra fret on the high Pa (pancham)\".\"On tours in India and abroad, I'd tune his sitar in between recitals and perform repairs,\" says Sharma. As the Shankars' go-to man for sitar matters, he was once called at 3 am from France by Sukanya Shankar. \"Chinamma was almost in tears. Guruji had flown from Lebanon to France and both his sitars had arrived broken. I always keep a spare one and I had it delivered to them,\" he recalls. The spare is still at his tiny store along with sundry other Shankar memorabilia.The association began at a backstage meeting in pre-Partition Lahore in the early 1940s. Sharma's family is from Lahore ; Shankar was performing there. \"My grandfather, Rikhi Ram, introduced himself to Guruji, telling him he was an instrument-maker,\" says Sharma. The partnership began later, in the 1950s when Ravi Shankar was with All India Radio and Rikhi Ram, having landed on his feet in post-Partition Delhi, was \"official instrument supplier\" to AIR.After Rikhi Ram's demise in 1961, Bishan Dass became, mainly, the sitar repair-man for Shankar's sitars, which were coming from Kolkata. The first \"sitar-building project\" he undertook produced the concerto sitar in the 1980s. It was used by Shankar for his fusion collaborations with Zubin Mehta , Peter Glass and Yehudi Menuhin. This version was smaller, lighter and became, says Sharma, \"Guruji's main sitar in the 1990s as he grew older\". The next big modification was made by Sharma himself. The family also created the babysized sitars for Anoushka to cut her teeth on in the late '80s and most recently, for her son, Zubin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17592863", "title": "'Ponda ID hospital to be sub-district clinic in a year'", "text": "PONDA: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Wednesday said that the Ponda infectious diseases (ID) hospital would require a year to be elevated to the status of sub-district hospital.The minister was on a visit to the hospital to take stock of the preparations for the inauguration scheduled on December 19. Parsekar said the hospital would continue to serve as a community health center (CHC) for another year and it would then be upgraded to the sub-district status.The health department has appointed 162 staff to the hospital. It would be partly operational with commissioning of seven out of 14 out patient departments (OPDs) and two operation theaters, with one dedicated for casualty cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17596717", "title": "Teachers' strike: Opposition stalls assembly proceedings", "text": "RAIPUR: Opposition Congress on Tuesday stalled the proceedings of the Chhattisgarh Vidhan Sabha, accusing chief minister Raman Singh of retreating from an earlier commitment to regularize the services of nearly two lakh 'shiksha karmis', teachers engaged by the panchayat bodies on honorarium basis, in the schools in rural areas of the state.Raising the issue during the zero hour, Tamradwaj Sahu (Congress) sought a debate on an opposition sponsored adjournment motion on the circumstances that led to the strike by nearly two lakh shiksha karmis which had left academic activities paralysed in the rural schools. He accused the government of resorting to repressive measures to crush the agitation by shiksha karmis who are demanding regularisation of their services and better pay scales.Dharamjit Singh (Congress) also pressed for a debate on adjournment motion, alleging that chief minister Raman Singh had made a public announcement at Pandariya that all the shiksha karmis would be absorbed in regular government service within one hour if the BJP was voted to power in the state's maiden assembly elections in December 2003. Former chief minister Ajit Jogi too referred to this announcement, pointing out that it was a 'sin' on the part of any ruler to back out from his promise and even a dip in holy river Ganga cannot wash this sin away. \"The state has spent Rs 8 crores for an eight-minute dance programme of Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor Khan and about Rs 500 crore on the recent celebrations. What stops the state government from spending Rs 500 crore in regularizing the services of nearly two lakh teachers, who mould the future of our children?\" Jogi challenged.However, chief minister Raman Singh retorted, \"Why your government did not take initiative to fulfill these demands before 2003?\" Even though speaker Dharamlal Kaushik disallowed the notice for adjournment motion, opposition Congress members were on their feet raising slogans. As noisy scenes continued, the speaker had to adjourn the house twice in the forenoon session. The opposition continued to stall the proceedings, leading to adjournment for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "17591299", "title": "Arch rivals India and Pakistan set up high voltage final clash", "text": "BATHINDA: The day 12.12.12 entered into the annals of Punjab sports history as the world witnessed semifinal matches of the 3rd Kabaddi World Cup in Bathinda on Wednesday.The four semifinals were played in which the Indian men's team outsmarted Iran by 72-23, while Pakistan crushed Canada with a point difference of 53-27. In the women's category, Indian players thrashed England by a huge margin of 56-7 and set up a final clash against Malaysia who defeated Denmark by 41-25.Now the stage is set for the grand finale in which hosts India would fight it out against Pakistan in their bid to retain the title for the third consecutive year and the women's Kabaddi team would be up against Malaysia, again the Indian team would look to defend its title. The men's final would be played on December 15 at the Guru Nanak Stadium, Ludhiana while in women's category the final show down would be at the Guru Gobind Singh Stadium, Jalandhar on December 13.Men's semis: India outclasses IranThe much awaited semifinal between hosts India and Iran turned out to be a one sided clash as India defeated Iran by 72-23. At the end of the 1st half India was leading by 44-8. Indian raiders Manminder Sran, Sukhdev Singh and Sukhbir Sarwan earned 11, 7 and 6 points respectively whereas its stoppers scored Eakan Hatur (5), Narinder Ram Bittu Duggal (4), Gurjit Goggu (4), Balbir Pala (4) and Gurpreet Gopi Manaki (3) also contributed to the winning cause.Pakistan thrash CanadaIn the other semifinal, Pakistan, who lost to Canada in the semis of the last edition, took sweet revenge beating them by 53-27. At the end of the 1st half, Pakistan was leading by 29-13. Pakistan raiders Obeidulla Lala, Akmal Doger, Mohammad Irfan and Waqas Butt scored 11, 9, 7 and 5 points respectively whereas stoppers Sujad Gujar, Musharf Janjua and Mansa Gujar bagged 7, 6 and 2 points respectively. For Canada, raiders Onkar Singh and Kulwinder Kinda Beharipuria scored 12 points each whereas its stopper Hardeep Tau scored 2 points.Women's semis: India down EnglandIndian women's team entered the final crushing England by a margin of 56-7. The Indian team was leading by 29-4 at the end of the first half. Raiders Priyanka Devi and her namesake Priyanka Pilaniya scored 9 points each while Sukhwinder Kaur bagged 8 points. Stoppers Jatinder Kaur and Anu Rani contributed 8 points apiece, while Mandeep Kaur scored 6 points.Malaysia beat DenmarkIn the other semifinal, Malaysia outsmarted Denmark by 41-25. Malaysia led by 29-13 at the half way mark. It was a close fight, which finally ended up on Malaysia's side. Raider Manpreet Kaur and Paramjit Kaur scored 11 and 9 points whereas stopper Mandeep Kaur and Rekha got 8 and 7 points respectively. For Denmark, Marie scored 8 and stopper Tersa bagged 7 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591436", "title": "Supreme Court acquits Mohammed Khalil Chisti of 20-year-old murder charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday acquitted octogenarian Pakistani scientist Mohammed Khalil Chisti of a 20-year-old murder case as it found no evidence to link him to the death of a person during an armed scuffle between two groups of Khadims, the servers at the dargah of Moinuddin Chisti in Ajmer.An Ajmer trial court had convicted Chisti, who allegedly brandished a sword during the fight on April 14, 1992, for murder and awarded him life sentence along with others on January 31 last year. The Rajasthan High Court dismissed Chisti's appeal on December 20 last year upholding the conviction and sentence.Chisti appealed in the Supreme Court, which granted him bail on May 10 on the condition that he deposit Rs 5 lakh as security to guarantee his return to India to serve the remaining sentence if the apex court rejected his appeal. By the time he was allowed to go to Pakistan, he had already spent 20 years in India and had spent nearly a year and four months in prison.If Chisti does not want to collect the Rs 5 lakh with accrued interest from the Supreme Court registry, he need not come back to India as a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi faulted the trial court and HC for not noticing the scant and doubtful evidence to link the Pakistani scientist to the murder during the armed fight between two groups of Khadims.Given the sensitivity attached to the case because of involvement of a Pakistani scholar, Justices Sathasivam and Gogoi made a threadbare scrutiny of the evidence on record and said Khalil could not have been booked under Section 34 of Indian Penal Code, which fastens the crime done by one member of a group on other members if they shared a common intention.\"Having regard to the facts and circumstances of the role attributed to Khalil Chisti, we are of the view that there was no scope for invoking the applicability of Section 34 of IPC against him. Even independent witnesses do not attribute any overt role to him,\" said Justice Sathasivam, who authored the judgment for the bench.The court said because Chisti brandished a sword during the fight and inflicted wounds on others, he would be liable to be convicted under Section 324 of IPC, which provides for a maximum punishment of three years with fine.However, the court took note of his age and academic qualifications and decided to put an end to his 20-year misery by reducing his sentence to the period already undergone, which is a year and four months.\"In view of our conclusion that no further custody is required, the (Supreme Court) registry is directed to return the said amount (Rs 5 lakh with interest accrued) to Dr Mohammed Khalil Chisti or his nominee forthwith,\" the bench said.\"It is further directed that if the passport or any other document of the appellant is in the custody of the trial court or any other competent authority of the government of India, they are directed to return the same to him and he is free to return to his country without any restriction,\" the apex court said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595736", "title": "Behmai case counsel fined", "text": "KANPUR: District and session judge (VIIth), Kanpur Dehat, MA Khan on Wednesay slapped a fine of Rs 500 on defence counsel of Behmai carnage case when he allegedly did not turn up in the court to cross examine the prosecution witness in the post-lunch session.The Behmai carnage case is being tried on day to day basis in the court of additional district and session judge VIIth of kanpur Dehat. The prosecution had produced the circle officer as witness and counsel for accused Girish Narayan Dwivedi was cross examining him.He had examined the circle officer and after lunch he could not reach in the court due to some reason. The presiding judge waited till court time and thereafter slapped a fine of Rs 500 on the defence counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592381", "title": "Four held for raping woman in Udyog Vihar-I, thrashing brother", "text": "GURGAON: Four youths, who allegedly raped a 30-year-old working woman in Udyog Vihar Phase-I, after beating up the victim's brother late on Tuesday evening, have been arrested. Police produced them in a city court on Wednesday and sent them in 14 days' judicial custody. An FIR has been lodged against all the four accused under Sections 376-G, 323 of the IPC and SC/ST Act.According to a senior police officer, the accused have been identified as Maha Singh, Harjit alias Hariya, Vivek alias Vikki, residents of Dundahera village and Shahvan, a resident of Haridwar in Uttarakhand. The accused were reportedly employees of different companies in Udyog Vihar.The incident took place in Udyog Vihar phase-I near Shani Mandir on late on Tuesday. Veena (name changed), a native of UP works with an Udyog Vihar-based company and lives in Kapashera in Delhi with his brother Naveen (name changed). The victim, that fateful day, was going to home with her brother. Four youths, known to his brother, met them near Shani Mandir. The youths started eve teasing the woman and when Naveen tried to stop them, they started beating up Anand. They threatened to kill the brother and told him leave.The accused then allegedly raped the woman and fled. On his return, Naveen immediately called the police control room. \"We constituted special police teams to nab the accused and after one hour managed to arrest them. Two of them were known to the victim's brother,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17592974", "title": "Mamata gifts 10-day Puja break next year", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who keeps referring to the poor work culture legacy of the erstwhile Left Front government, has done it again. She has given the state employees 10 days of uninterrupted Puja holidays next year too.So says the list of holidays for 2013, published by the finance department. Next year's Puja holidays will begin from Saptami, which is a Friday, October 11. The following Monday and Tuesday are holidays for Dashami and Ekadashi. Since October 16 is a holiday for Eid-ul-Zuha, followed by Lakhsmi Puja on the 18th, employees have been given a day off on October 17.Mamata's decision to declare October 26, this year, a holiday created a stir at the Writers', but the employees had a continuous break from October 20 to 29 for festivities. The break this year started from October 20 (Saturday) covering the four Durga Puja days. With the state government earlier having also declared October 25 a holiday, its employees would have had to return to work on October 26, Friday, before moving on to the weekend. October 29 was already a holiday for Lakhmi Puja. Therefore, a very \"thoughtful\" chief minister turned a working day (October 26) into a holiday.During the Left regime, former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, who stressed on the slogan \"do it now\", had cut short the Puja holidays which would extend till Lakhsmi Puja.His successor has reverted back to the days of Jyoti Basu , only in a roundabout way. Till 2000, state employees used to enjoy a nine-day holiday during the Pujas.They will have more reasons to cheer as January 12 has been declared a holiday for the birthday of Swami Vivekananda.But then, disappointments are in store since Republic Day and Kali Puja fall on Saturdays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596136", "title": "Sakshi Tanwar on the KBC hot seat for the 4th time!", "text": "What is common about KBC hot seat and all its participants? It gives the same excitement, thrill and high to both ordinary participants &amp; celebrities.Sitting in front of the millennium actor and Indian film industry's biggest legend, is a dream-come-true for almost all who come on the hot seat. And for well know television actress Sakshi Tanwar it was no different and that too in spite of her fourth appearance on KBC! The apprehension, anticipation and excitement were all the same.For Sakshi, who has been on the hot seat three times earlier too, this time over it was much too special, as her parents had flown in to witness her big moment. \"It was a very special moment for me to have my parents among the audience and witness me on the hot seat, especially when Mr. Bachchan asked my father how he felt seeing me. My father's reply, 'Pehle who meri beti ke naam se jani jathi thi, aab mein iske nam se jana jata hoon' which got me all emotional,\" said Sakshi. Another moment was when welcoming them on the show, Mr. Bachchan, showered both Ram and her with praises like bade ache lagate hai... etc. Ram teased that Mr. Bachchan was showering more praises on Sakshi. The reply from the courteous host was, \"Women need more assurance and we must tell them so.\"KBC as they say has turned the fortunes for many a common men and women , and it is much the same for Sakshi, who takes pride in believing her good fortune has been to sit with the mega star on the hot seat yet another time, a feat not many celebrities have accomplished. She says she considers herself lucky.The special episode, to be telecast on Sunday December 16th, at 8.30 pm, played with Sakshi Tanwar &amp; Ram Kapoor of Bade Aache Lagate Hai will witness some excusive and beautiful moments between the host &amp; the celebrity participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17592496", "title": "Himachal: 'Boodhi Diwali' to add warmth to harsh winters", "text": "SHIMLA: Though the nation celebrated the festival of lights a month ago, many areas in interiors of Shimla including Kupvi (Chopal), border villages of Shimla (Tyuni, Solang) near Uttarkhand and Jaunsar Bawar in Uttarakhand , Shilai, Sangrah (Transgiri areas in Sirmaur) and some area of Rajgarh in neighbouring Solan district will celebrate another traditional festival of lights called 'Boodhi Diwali' from Thursday onwards.Rajgarh nagar panchayat president Dinesh Arya said, \"Though according to legends it is reasoned that Boodhi Diwali is celebrated to mark the return of Lord Rama to Ayodhya and the area being located far off, the news reached very late. However, locals say the real reason is to celebrate the harsh winters after finishing the agriculture work.\"Folk dancer and historian from Rajgarh, Joginder Habbi said, \"The festival is celebrated for merriment after finishing all agriculture work and to appease deities, including Shirgul Devta in Sirmaur, Mahasu in upper areas of Shimla exactly a month after Diwali and starts on Amavasya (dark night of the lunar month) and may last for five-six days. All villagers bring pine and oak twigs and branches to light the bonfire (ghena) and animal sacrifices are made in some places to appease deities. The festival is marked by feasting on dishes like sidku, patande and walnuts in Sirmaur.\"He added that the celebrations may vary in areas like in Ranahat area of Sirmaur the 'day Diwali' (din ki Boodhi Diwali) is celebrated which is marked by the traditional archery dance game of Thoda. Towards the interiors in Kupvi of Shimla district, it is marked by the dance form of 'Boodha' where a caste specific people perform the 'Boodha dance' wearing masks and deliberating the major yearly activities, happenings in drama form during night and may be one of the reasons to derive the name, 'Boodhi Dayali'.Theatre director and folk drama revivalist Kedar Thakur from Chopal in Shimla said, \"Different types of dance-dramas like Karyala, Thoda (archery dance game) folklores, warrior folksongs of Harul, Rasas, Pandvains (songs from epic of Mahabharata) are sung and performed around bonfire. This festival is losing its stance now as youngsters are not interested, but a few rituals of the festival are still performed to appease the deities.\"Janglu Ram, an octogenarian from Solang said, \"The festival is basically celebrated in reverence of our local deity Mahasu and return of Lord Rama, but things have changed now. Earlier, the winters used to be really harsh and it was dark months due to heavy snow and most of the days were spent feasting on meat and dancing at nights. With the modern modes of entertainment and people turning vegetarian, the old rituals are fading away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17591960", "title": "National body clears projects in SGNP, GIB sanctuary", "text": "NAGPUR: The 27th Standing Committee meeting of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL) on Wednesday approved two projects inside the protected areas (PAs) in the state.The two projects include Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India Ltd (DFCCIL) proposal for double laning of railway line in Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP) in Mumbai, and laying of 220 KV Tuljapur-Solapur-Lamboti electricity transmission line through Great Indian Bustard (GIB) Sanctuary, Nanaj.Confirming the development, NBWL member Kishor Rithe stated that the committee also discussed crucial wildlife policy matters like poor fund allocation to manage critically endangered wildlife species in India.The Standing Committee, highest decision making body on issues related to projects affecting PAs, also discussed 26 old project proposals for forest land diversion falling within 10km from the boundary of PAs. It also took up 22 fresh proposals from different states.The railways project in SGNP will need diversion of 17 hectare forest land for double laning of railway line from Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) to Howrah. The railway line is Indian Railways quadrilateral linking the four metropolitan cities of Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai.The state board for wildlife has already recommended the proposal on June 7, 2012. The NBWL cleared the project as it will benefit local population and release much-needed additional capacity in the existing railway line, which shall be utilized for running additional passenger services.The chief wildlife warden has recommended the proposal with the condition of underground or elevated railway line at corridors instead of conventional railway line on ground to minimize threat and disturbance to wildlife.Similarly, the panel also cleared proposal for laying transmission line passing through GIB Sanctuary by MSEDCL. The state board for wildlife has recommended the proposal on June 28, 2011.According to MSEDCL, the line is passing through the non-forest areas of the sanctuary. Since the entire taluka is under the GIB Sanctuary, no alternative arrangement is possible. GIB is an endangered species found in the area. The chief wildlife warden has recommended the proposal.Another member MK Ranjitsinh mooted a proposal for discussion on allocation of funds for wildlife conservation schemes other than under the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593516", "title": "Haj fare to go up next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Haj Committee of India (CHCI) has decided to increase the first installment of the 2013 Haj fare by a little more than 32 per cent and forms by 50 per cent, at the insistence of the Saudi government who wanted payment of pilgrim accommodation fee for both Azizia and green categories in full.The CHCI said 50 per cent of the payment was made at the time of signing the rental agreement with the Saudi authorities. Haj hopefuls will now have to make an initial remittance of Rs 76,000 which is Rs 25,000 more than this year's first installment amount of Rs 51,000, CHCI officials say.The new Haj application form will now be Rs 100 more and will cost Rs 300 as against this year's Rs 200. Sources attribute the increase in form fee to various state Haj committees' demands of a fund increase to cover the costs of various staff training programmes.Hajjis who went to Mecca this year said the hike in the first installment amount and form fee may have an impact if there is change in the overall Haj fare. Syed Zaheer, a pilgrim who returned early this November said, \"There will be minimal impact if the fares remain more or less the same.\" The fare this year for Azizia and green categories was Rs 1.33 lakh and Rs 1.52 lakh respectively.In a change of process, candidates applying under the reserved category, which is meant for pilgrims above 70 years of age, and those whose haven't been selected for three consecutive years will now have to submit original passports along with the application form.Officials claimed the move would reduce paperwork and increase efficiency. \"Submitting original passports instead of copies along with forms will reduce processing time. This is also because pilgrims used to forget to submit their original passports,\" said a CHCI officer. However, non-resident Indians and frequent flyers will be exempted from this. CHCI will also refund Rs 487 which pilgrims were charged towards user development fee (USD).Shakir Hussain, CEO of CHCI said that the change in process of accepting applications under the reserved category has been taken up on a pilot basis. \"There is a rise in cost of training and overheads in every state. We will start accepting forms from February 1, 2013. The hike will have no effect as the country quota for a certain number of pilgrims is fulfilled every year and the USD refunds will be taken up immediately,\" he said. Around 7,900 pilgrims from the state performed Haj this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596126", "title": "Postal dept to hold letter writing contest", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Universal Postal Union is organising 42nd letter writing contest on the topic \" Why water is precious\". Director postal services, Allahabad region, Krishna Kumar Yadav said the contest will be held at the headquarters of all postal circles/regions on January 6.In Allahabad region, the contest will be organised here where participants from Allahabad, Kaushambi, Pratapgarh, Varanasi, Bhadohi, Chandauli, Sonebhadra, Mirzapur, Ghazipur and Jaunpur will participate. Besides, schools and colleges may organize a similar contest in collaboration of department of posts.Schoolchildren upto 15 years (as on March 3l, 2013) can participate. Last date of application is December 26. The application forms can be obtained from the office of senior superintendent/ superintendent of post offices. All divisional heads have been told to ensure wide publicity and supply of forms to all schools.Yadav said these letters will be evaluated at the circle level and three best letters will be sent to Postal Directorate, New Delhi for inclusion at the national level. Three best participants at the national level will be awarded first, second and third prizes while one best entry from each circle will also be awarded. The best letter at national level will be included in the international contest. Out of which, top three participants will be awarded gold, silver and bronze medals with certificate and an official stamps album of the Universal Postal Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592831", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s venue derailed, annual book fair may be postponed", "text": "CHENNAI: The upcoming 36th annual Chennai book fair slated for January 4-16 is facing hurdles as its venue for the last six years, the St George Anglo Indian School on Poonamallee High Road, may not be ideal this time because of the ongoing metro rail construction on Poonamallee High Road.The Booksellers' and Publishers' Association of India (Bapasi) is searching for an alternative place which would be spacious enough to accommodate hundreds of book stands, thousands of people and a fitting parking area. Bapasi held several rounds of discussions with the city traffic police, which felt that holding the mega event would add to traffic problems on the stretch.The book fair last year, which showcased nearly 10 lakh titles on art literature, science and politics, attracted about eight lakh visitors to its 640 stalls. \"Police have asked us to look out for another ground,\" said Bapasi secretary Vairavan. It seems the school is also reluctant in let the organisers to hold the event on the campus, given the poor traffic scene on Poonamallee High Road. Bapasi president R S Shanmugam said a team was looking for a new location, but it is running out of time. \"If uncertainty persists over finding a location, we may have to postpone the event,\" he said.Shanmugam said a playground in Vanagaram was considered, but it has already been taken for mass prayers ahead of Christmas and New Year. Bapasi is weighing such options as the St Bede's Cricket Academy near All India Radio, Quaid-e-milleth College of Women after an attempt to book Nandambakkam Trade Centre near Ramavaram proved futile.\"A change of venue will throw up eleventh-hour challenges for booksellers, who come up from Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Delhi,\" said Bapasi former president Gandhi Kannadasan. Book lovers are also on tenterhooks. \"Every year I look forward to the book fair,\" said Arulmozhi, an avid reader who is eager to know this year's venue. The book fair also organizes oratorical, essay and quix contests for children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596015", "title": "Party will strengthen state: Yeddyurappa", "text": "MANGALORE: Former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) chief BS Yeddyurappa reaffirmed his unflinching faith in powers of presiding deity of Raja Rajeswara Temple at Taliparamba in Kannur, Kerala yet again.Yeddyurappa accompanied by his confidant M D Laxminarayana, who arrived in the city at Bajpe airport late on Tuesday left for the temple, 130 km from this coastal city. He returned to the city on Wednesday.Asserting his firm belief of the power the deity of the temple, Yeddyurappa said, \"I start any auspicious work with the blessing of the deity and seek divine intervention of the deity whenever I face personal problems.\"Observing that he wanted to go to the temple before launching his new regional party in Haveri on Sunday last, Yeddyurappa said, \"I could not do so for various reasons and have made amends now.\"It was always a long standing dream of mine to start a regional party that carries clout with the Centre and this has been realized with the KJP, Yeddyurappa said.Citing the clout that regional parties such as the DMK and AIADMK with the Centre, he said, \"Karnataka has always borne the brunt of the Union government's discrimination on vital issues of importance to Karnataka and KJP intends to counter this.\"Opining that national parties are at the mercy of regional parties, Yeddyurappa said past experience of dealing with the Union government has reaffirmed his resolve to ensure that KJP has the numbers in the next Parliamentary elections.\"The goverments ruled by regional parties in West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal, Odisha and Tamil Nadu have proved that the Centre listens to them and they get their way on matters of the state's development,\" he said.\"My aim of starting a regional party is not to become the chief minister of Karnataka yet again, for I have been there and have done that. My only goal is to strengthen Karnataka. We have the financial resources to progress and this can be gauged from the fact that Karnataka that had a budget of Rs 38,000 crore when BJP came to power was able to present a budget of Rs 1.08-lakh crore and without raising taxes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17591940", "title": "Forevermark to open 45 shops in 2013", "text": "KOCHI: Forevermark, the diamond brand from De Beers Group , will open 45 shops next year, said Sachin Jain, managing director of Forevermark Diamonds Pvt Ltd.\"In India, our brand is available in 85 retail doors, and we have presence in 13 cities. Globally, we are present in 1,000 showrooms,\" he said while launching the brand in Kerala market on Wednesday. With the new additions, the total number of shops will touch 130, he said. Forevermark is available at Sunny Diamonds in Kochi.\"We work with very select partners - it is a fraternity of 3 lakh jewellery outlets in the country, but we are currently working with only 85. While selecting the partners, we look at their passion for diamonds, transparency, creativity and integrity. And the last factor is extremely important for us,\" he added.Jain also said that he is currently in talks with potential partners to open more stores in Kerala, but he is quite choosy. On the customers in Kerala, he said: \"Customer in Kochi is truly a global customer, even while she is conservative in approach, she knows what is happening in the world. Hence Kochi is an important location for us\".Forevermark is available at Sunny Diamonds in Kochi.Aggressive marketing of gold jewellery as a luxury product doesn't affect the market growth of diamonds in India, he observed. \"What World Gold Council does is complementing our work, because we all are representing an industry which is very rare and unique. Our competition is with other products like luxury bags, watches or shoes,\" he noted. \"2011 was a very buoyant year, with prices for certain categories went up over 30%. Then last year was a bumper year for the industry,\" Jain observed. The US continues to be the largest market in the world, but in 2012, the US market had stabilized. On the other hand, markets in India and China are growing strongly.\"Indian market is growing by 15 - 20%, and we look at an upwardly mobile customer who falls in the age range of 25 - 45 years,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17593658", "title": "Helpline to curb rise in cyber crime", "text": "MALAPPURAM: With an aim to bring down the number of cyber crime cases and cases related to the mobile phone misuses, the police has decided to launch a helpline in Malappuram district soon. Before the launch, a 50-member team of police resource persons will give awareness classes to all college and Higher Secondary School students in the district.The initiative is being taken as part of the 'e-positive' programme under the 'Thanalkoottu' project of Malappuram district panchayat. The programme is being implemented jointly by the district panchayat and the home department to prevent cyber-crime incidents involving students. A meeting regarding the programme was held at the chamber of district police chief K Sethuraman.Ummar Arakkal, chairman of 'Thanalkoottu' programme said, the students and parents will be given awareness classes on cyber-crimes and the provisions in IT Act, with the support of video clippings and demonstrations. The students can also approach the resource persons of their respective local police stations for any help regarding the cyber-crime cases. The police helpline number would be published after the awareness programmes on campuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596424", "title": "JMM-BJP squabble shifts to Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: The discontent between Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) and Bharatiya Janata party (BJP) - allies in the ruling state government - is slowly shifting to New Delhi.Congress legislative party (CLP) leader Rajendra Prasad Singh on Wednesday left for the national capital with some Independent MLAs a couple of days after JMM president Shibu Soren went to New Delhi for holding talks on the possibility of political realignment with senior leaders of Congress, Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) and other likeminded parties. Sources in Congress said that one of the Independent MLAs accompanying the CLP leader is at present a part of the ruling alliance led by Arjun Munda . The CLP leader, who is known for his very close ties with the JMM chief and his family members as both of them hail from Bokaro, have been interacting frequently.A senior member of All India Congress Committee (AICC) confided that talks are on at various levels on possibilities of an alternative government in case the JMM-BJP alliance ends.\"Our CLP leader, along with an Independent, is in Delhi and he will also discuss the matter with the JMM president and RJD chief Lalu Prasad ,\" said the AICC member. Congress has 13 MLAs in the 81-member Jharkhand assembly.However, Congress state spokesman Sailesh Sinha said everything is in a flux and it would not be correct to jump to any conclusion or announce the end of the BJP-led government in Jharkhand. \"As one of the largest political parties of the state, we are keeping a close watch on every development. We cannot make any move towards forming an alternative government until and unless JMM formally severs its ties with BJP,\" said Sinha. \"The moment JMM snaps ties with BJP, our senior leaders will sit and take a decision on the possibilities of giving the state a stable government by joining hands with likeminded parties,\" added Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595536", "title": "Mahesh Babu SVSC audio release on Dec 16", "text": "After a lot of dilly-dallying, star producer Dil Raju has finally decided to have the audio release of the Mahesh Babu-Venkatesh starrer Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu on December 16. The venue for the audio launch ceremony will be Nanakramguda, Hyderabad. And With Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh attending the audio, its going to be a gala of an event.Apart from Mahesh and Venky, several other celebrities are also expected to grace the film's music launch. Mickey J Meyer has composed the music and the second trailer was also released on Tuesday to coincide with venkatesh's birthday. Directed by Srikanth Addala, SVSC will hit the screens for 2013 Sankranthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592123", "title": "IP varsity allows law students to take exams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Relenting to their demands, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University has allowed the students, who were debarred due to shortage of attendance, to write the semester exams. The students had on Monday threatened to boycott the exams en masse if the issue was not resolved by Wednesday.The list of students detained from writing end-of-term examination has been withdrawn, said a notice signed by the dean of University School of Law and Legal Studies .The review committee set up by the university to look into the matter suggested that since the university didn't inform the students on the matter in advance they should be allowed to sit for their exams. The university had debarred 68 law students from writing their exams. Also, the exams have been rescheduled to December 19.However, the students say they will continue their agitation after the exams as their demands were only partially fulfilled. \"Apart from the attendance and detention issue, we are also supporting the teachers' agitation against the dean of USLLS. There are corruption charges against the dean. Moreover, no action has been taken against her son who had physically abused a faculty member inside the class,\" said a final year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17596052", "title": "Not right to reveal details of selection meetings: Kris Srikkanth", "text": "CHENNAI: Former selection committee chairman Kris Srikkanth, who has been accused of shielding Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni despite poor performances, on Thursday hit back saying that it is not right to rake up issues discussed in the panel meetings.Former selector Mohinder Amarnath has opened a pandora's box by stating that three selectors out of the five-member panel wanted Dhoni to be sacked but they were overruled by BCCI president N Srinivasan.Srikkanth, who headed the panel which persisted with Dhoni as captain despite the whitewash in England, on Thursday said that it was not appropriate to reveal the details of committee meetings.\"I have always maintained that whatever happens in the selection committee meetings should remain within the four walls. It is not right for me or anyone to come out and say what exactly happened,\" Srikkanth told reporters.\"It's just like a company's Board meetings where lot of discussions happen about what to do and what not to do for the company's growth. But nobody comes out in public and tells what (has) happened,\" he said.Refusing to give pointed reactions to the allegations made by Amarnath, Srikkanth said, \"We discuss a lot of issues in the selection committee meetings, captaincy of Dhoni or X,Y,Z always come up in the meetings.\"We always have detailed discussion on captaincy issues, ex-players, team combination. But at the end of the day it is always consensus,\" he added.Srikkanth said the focus should be diverted from the controversies to ensure that the team, which is currently playing to save the series against England, is not distracted.\"We should just move on. Yes, Indian cricket is going through tough times and let's hope we do well in the Nagpur Test match and revive,\" he said.Srikkanth said during his tenure as chief selector, he never shirked responsibility for the team's debacles.\"Whatever decision we take is for the good of the country. Sometimes our selection clicks, sometimes it doesn't. It was the same selection committee which won the 2011 World Cup. None of you gave credit,\" he said.\"When we lost badly in England, Australia and what not. I never shied away from the blame,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596295", "title": "The Bhangra dreamteam is back", "text": "After the success of 'Bhangra', 'Get Funky' &amp; 'Rangeeleh', the Bhangra dreamteam of Gupsy Aujla &amp; Saini Surinder returns with another floor filler.Sida Sada sees Gupsy once again showing his versatility as a producer with a track that bridges Dance &amp; Panjabi music seamlessly. This time round, the dynamic duo team up with the UK's most respected Desi MC, Raxstar who graces Sida Sada with his unique flow.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595894", "title": "Getting Padma Bhushan a pleasant surprise: C V Chandrasekhar", "text": "In January last year, renowned Bharatnatyam exponent C V Chandrasekhar couldn't believe his ears when his nephew told him over phone that Chandrasekhar had been conferred the Padma Bhushan award for his outstanding contribution towards the art form.\"I told him to check again because I had not lobbied for the award and never expected that my name would be considered. I was travelling in a train at that time. But my nephew called again after five minutes and said that I had indeed won the award. I was pleasantly surprised and at the same time, almost started shivering and sweating. I almost had a stroke! Then I shared my happiness with my co-passengers.\" smiles Chandrasekhar, who was in Vadodara for a performance. He was felicitated by Ghargharika, a city-based organization devoted to classical music and dance.He adds, \"However, I used to check the coveted list every year to see if my name figured on the list. In 2011, since I was traveling, I couldn't do that.\"Summing up his journey, this immensely respected artist says, \"Today, no matter where I go, I feel that I have a home in almost every city. Because I come across someone or the other whom I have taught at some stage!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17592840", "title": "Nitish to inaugurate three-day Rajgir fest on Dec 28", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the three-day Rajgir festival at Qila Maidan on December 28, and the same day he will also inaugurate the international convention centre at Rajgir, ready for over a month.Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal said the mega Rajgir festival will be inaugurated by the CM on December 28 while inspecting the ongoing preparations for the same. He said that the sitting capacity for the guests has been increased to 5,000 and the number of stalls has also been increased as more and more tourists and businessmen have shown interest in joining in the festival.He said that the popularity of the festival has spread across the globe as a number of foreign tourists joined the festival last year and this year, the number of overseas and domestic visitors is likely to double.Besides the main pandal where singers from Bollywood, folk artists from different states as well as local artists are expected to perform, hundreds of stalls are being erected around the festival ground to accommodate business houses from different states which will display their products for the visitors. The highlight of the festival will be Gram Shree Mela where products of rural artists will be displayed. The world famous Sujni art by rural artists from Nepura in Nalanda district is ready to steal the show.The other attraction of the festival will be performances by Bollywood singers, the names of whom will be finalized by the state tourism department, said the DM. But in all probability, Shreya Ghoshal and another female singer will grace the occasion.The multi- purpose convention centre has been built at a cost of over Rs 33 crore. The inauguration of the centre was deferred at the last moment last month due to CM's Pakistan visit in November. The CM had laid the foundation stone of the centre in 2006 and in 2009, he had planted a sapling on its sprawling campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17593320", "title": "Rawale slams ton to boost Central Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: An unbeaten century by Harshad Rawale and his two century partnerships enabled Central Railway score 480 for 7 in reply to Mumbai Customs' 204 on Day Two of the Times Shield 'B' Division quarterfinal at Fort Vijay Ground, Azad Maidan, on Wednesday.Brief Scores: Mumbai Customs 284 vs Central Railway 480-7 (Pravin Deshetty 32, N Shivalkar 41, Milind Tamhane 37, Harashad Rawale batting 155, Sanket Bhaye 53, Salil Agarkar 47, Parag More 76; Parag Khanapurkar 3-124 ); Space 218 &amp; 156 (P Pawar 40; D Khatri 6-46 ; N Narweker 3-34 ) vs Serco Global 293 (Sumit Ghadigaonkar 86, T Narwekar 75 D Khatri 56; A Mane 3-61 , Bharat Meher 3-80 ); RCF 203 (D Gaonkar 31, Sunil Chawari 80; Yogesh Dicholkar 4-52 , G Yadav 3-64 ) vs Mumbai Port Trust 95-5 (S Jamsandeker 46); Income Tax 208 &amp; 87-4 (J Patil batting 36) vs Western Railway A 201 (Sandeep Chawda 41 Rahul Thakur 40; D Parab 3-69 ) .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596168", "title": "Nayak audio songs to release on Dec 17", "text": "A fresh date has been issued for the audio songs release of Ram Charan-starrer Naayak. After putting sides a few dates for the music launch, the makers have again decided to lock another date for the event. And this time there's also a change in the venue. Nayak's audio launch will be taking place on December 17, 2012 at to Nanakramguda Cine Village in Hyderabad.Earlier, the event was supposed to be held at Shilpa Kala Vedika but the venue has beeh shifted due to security reasons. Megastar Chiranjeevi would be the chief guest for the audio launch. Meanwhile the promos for the music launch will be released today in various regional TV channels. Also, the movie teaser is expected to be out shortly and the film's music director SS Thaman is almost done with his work for the teaser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595159", "title": "Hathaway laughs off wardrobe malfunction pics", "text": "Anne Hathaway has shrugged off the incident when paparazzi saw more than she had intended to show them, while she was getting out of a car at the Monday premiere of 'Les Miserables.'\"I found out [about the pictures] just as I came in,\" the New York Post quoted her as telling a sympathetic guests at a Four Seasons restaurant luncheon for the film.\"And I just thought, 'OK, where's the comedy?'\"\"It has hit. It has landed. A bomb has gone off. I think what I am going to do is whatever my next appearance is . . . I'm going to step out of the car in a blanket. You've got to laugh at it,\" she said.Undaunted, Hathaway performed a pitch-perfect rendition of 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas' with Hugh Jackman , Eddie Redmayne, Amanda Seyfried and Samantha Barks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17595800", "title": "Ex-serviceman's murder: 2 more held", "text": "ROURKELA: Police on Wednesday arrested two persons, including the prime accused, in connection with murder of an ex-serviceman in October. The two have been identified as Bablu Tanty and Md. Rinku. With this the total number of arrested has gone up to four. Police seized a 9 mm US-made pistol, five 9 mm bullets, two magazines, two motorcycles, three cellphones and three 'bhujalis' from them.Sources said on October 19, a group of miscreants had come in three motorcycles and looted the house of Nisakar Larang at Bargaon. The miscreants had looted gold and silver ornaments besides a gun and some ammunition from the house. When Nisakar and his wife protested, they shot dead Nisakar and critically wounded his wife Lilabati.A case was registered in Bargaon police station. Earlier, police had arrested two persons, Rajesh Jaipuria and Aman Verma . \"Tanty is the prime accused. He is also involved in several other crimes in the district,\" said SP (Sundargarh) Sanjib Arrora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17593859", "title": "Prisoner attempts suicide as family refuses to visit him", "text": "COIMBATORE: A remand prisoner climbed on to the roof of a building at Coimbatore central prison on Wednesday evening and threatened to commit suicide.Prison officials were able to pacify him within an hour, and get him to come down. They said that his family had not visited him in three months and thus he was frustrated. Officials have contacted his family and requested them to pay him a visit.Moideen, 28, from Periyar Nagar in Saibaba Colony was arrested on September 3 in connection with a theft case.Prison officials said he was involved in various theft cases and was often lodged in prison. His family is frustrated with his irresponsible ways and has stopped visiting him.Around 3 pm on Wednesday, he climbed on the roof of the fourth block and threatened to commit suicide. When prison officials asked him why, he said he wanted to meet with his family. When they assured him that they would contact his family and ask them to visit, he climbed down from the roof.However, prison superintendent S Rajendran denied that the remand prisoner climbed on the roof of the building. He only made an attempt to do so. The prison warders had stopped him in time and lodged him back in his cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592473", "title": "Sena lends own spin to Vijay Divas rehearsal", "text": "MUMBAI: Ignoring the BMC deadline to remove the makeshift memorial to late Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park, the Shiv Sena instead claimed on Wednesday that the 'samadhi' had, in a way, been endorsed by the Indian Army. However, the Army rubbished the claim, adding it was not bothered with political issues and was only concerned with its Vijay Divas preparations at the park.The Army has started preparations at Shivaji Park for its two-day annual Vijay Divas celebrations on December 15 and 16, to commemorate India's victory in the Bangladesh war in 1971. However, reporting the event, the Sena mouthpiece Saamna on Wednesday stated that the Army had decided to safeguard the small portion of the park where the temporary structure, set up for Thackeray's funeral on November 18, is located, which the Sena has since refused to dismantle.\"The Army has decided to keep the portion free taking into account the 'sanctity' of Balasaheb's memorial,'' said the Saamna. \"The Army has saluted Balasaheb\", the paper added, indicating that the memorial had the Indian Army's stamp of approval.But defence officials completely rubbished the Sena paper's claims that the force reached Shivaji Park to guard the makeshift memorial set up by Sainiks. \"We didn't bother about their presence. The political party's workers interpreted it wrongly after they spotted defence officials and jawans in a march-past and giving the salute. It was a rehearsal for Vijay Divas. A Sainik probably took pictures of the rehearsal and printed it to show as if defence officials were saluting the memorial, which was totally wrong. We are merely preparing for the event,\" said the official.Moreover, the Sena has, in a move to make matters more complicated for the government, been quick to name the temporary structure as 'shakti-sthal', reminiscient of the memorials in New Delhi.Meanwhile, there are indications that party CEO Uddhav Thackeray may intervene to end the stalemate at Shivaji Park. \"It is very likely that Uddhav will step in to resolve the issue,'' said a party functionary. Given the volatile situation in and around the park, the Sena may now be keen on wriggling out of the impasse. Also, a sizeable section in the party wants the memorial row to be settled amicably, he added.The Sena has already started talks with the government to resolve the crisis. Sena leader Subhash Desai, Mumbai mayor Sunil Prabhu and Uddhav's close confidante Milind Narvekar, have been assigned the task of talking to the state government on the memorial issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592010", "title": "Minister yet to take action in Samata Bank case", "text": "NAGPUR: Two years after the department of cooperatives issued an order to recover losses of the now defunct Samata Sahakari Bank's from its directors, no action can be taken thanks to a stay granted by the state's cooperation minister Harshavardhan Patil's office.The order was issued under section 88 of Maharashtra State Cooperative Societies Act under which a bank's directors can be held responsible for losses due to mismanagement. The minister's office is one of the appellate authorities against such action.It can stay the order but hearings have to start within a reasonable time so that the order is either upheld or quashed. However, in this case the minster after staying the order is simply sitting on the file. Not a single hearing needed to take the case further has been held after stay order, says sources.The department has assessed a liability of Rs125 crore on the directors' part and this is to be recovered from their personal assets under section 88 which provides for a quasi judicial proceeding. The bank was headed by the politically influential businessman Milind Chimurkar.This has indirectly helped the directors to buy time even as the department of cooperatives waits haplessly for the minister's next move. When contacted a senior official in the minister's office, said that the file has been referred and the officer on special duty has been asked to hold a hearing at the earliest. However, sources say such an assurance was given during the previous winter session of the legislature too.Soon after the order, the department had issued a recovery certificate and in the meantime the directors' properties which include Chimurkar's house were attached, but it could not proceed further due to the stay.Samata Bank got into trouble seven years ago due to bad lending practice for which the management is being held responsible. Initially, RBI had issued an order restricting withdrawal amount by each depositor to Rs1,000. RBI action had left the 57,000 odd depositors in lurch. Many of them were pushed into financial distress when their money got stuck up in the bank. The bank's operations was wound up three years ago.Although a majority of them have got their money back through the deposit insurance guarantee scheme which covers amounts up to a lakh, there are 1,600 others who had deposited higher sums and are waiting to get their money back. Their total deposits come to around Rs70 crore. This includes cumulative deposits of Rs32 crore by 100 cooperative societies and trusts some of which have run into losses due to the money that have got freezed.Similarly, in the case of another beleaguered cooperative bank - Mahila Sahakari Bank, action against three staffers has been stayed and no hearing has taken place. The directors on the other hand have moved an appeal before the office of the joint registrar of cooperatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591759", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to keep a record of hut structure transfers", "text": "PUNE: The civic standing committee on Tuesday approved a policy to keep a record of 'hut structure transfers'. So far, there was no mechanism to record transfer or sale of hut structures in slum areas and now the municipal corporation hopes that with this policy in place, there would be proper documentation of such transactions.The city has around 564 slums of which 373 have been declared as slum areas. People living in slums transfer or sell their residential or commercial hut structure to others but this would go unrecorded.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) while implementing its slum rehabilitation programme had identified this issue. \"The standing committee approved a mechanism to record the transfer or selling of hut structures in city slums. The Woman and Child Welfare Committee gave a green signal to the proposal in August this year,\" said standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere.The proposal states that an individual who wants to get the ownership of structure in slums will have to submit an affidavit to the PMC stating that he/she dose not own another structure in slums in his or her name or in the name of a spouse or child in Pune.\"The proposal will help in maintaining the records of slum dwellers. It will also help in making the transfers of the slums more organised and more transparent,\" said Chandere.The PMC will charge a registration fees for the service. The new owner will have to pay Rs 40,000 to the PMC to get residential purpose structure transferred to his/her name. The charges for registration for semi-residential or commercial possession would be Rs 60,000.The proposal was sent to seek civic administration's opinion. The administration gave a positive opinion on implementing the policy. However the administration suggested that only those owners who have structures in declared slums can transfer the ownership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17595193", "title": "Mining was slow poison", "text": "BELGAUM: Mining left a stark impact on Bellary in the form of respiratory diseases, a decline in cultivation and livestock population.The CAG's report on 'Performance audit on controls and systems for sustainable mining in Karnataka' has observed that the high level of air pollution due to mining had contributed to tuberculosis and other respiratory infections among people in Hospet and Sandur taluks of Bellary.The other effects of mining are - shrinking cultivation and livestock, and decline in irrigation. The 18th census of livestock in Bellary, Hospet and Sandur taluks conducted in 2007 registered a reduction in growth rate and population of cattle/buffalo compared to the 2003 census.The CAG has observed that the prosecution of employers under the Child Labour Act indicated child labour was prevalent. Besides, a survey of local opinion on mining conducted through personal interaction revealed that people concur with the adverse impact of mining on environment, water and air, agriculture, livestock, social life and spread of diseases.The audit has revealed system and compliance deficiencies in the assessment, collection and accounting of revenue amounting to Rs 3,414.45 crore. The report does not audit specific instances of illegal mining of iron ore already examined by the Lokayukta and under investigation by the CBI. The sample audit is for the period 2006 to 2011. The estimated loss on maintenance of roads (highways and bridges) due to the transportation of iron ore is Rs 1,709 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592479", "title": "Govt, BMC waiting for court to act on temporary structure?", "text": "MUMBAI: The December 12 deadline for the Shiv Sena to remove the makeshift memorial at Shivaji Park expired on Wednesday, with an uneasy sharing of space between the Army preparing for a parade, and the Sainiks. While both the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the government may be reluctant to act, preferring to perhaps wait for the Bombay High Court to resolve the issue, the government is however firm that no construction will be allowed at Shivaji Park.Sources say the High Court has already admitted a case on the matter, which will again come up for hearing on December 20. The BMC and the Sena both filed caveats in court so that their side is heard before any judgment is passed. The government is likely to inform the HC that they issued notices to senior Sena leaders to vacate the ground and also attempted to take action on its own on Monday night, which created a law and order situation. The BMC bid to clear the structure on Monday was scuttled by the Sainiks who, tipped off by sympathizers within the civic body, had vandalized BMC vehicles. \"The BMC will give all these details before the court and will urge the court to give directives,\" said a BMC official.On Wednesday, as soon as Army jawans trooped in for a rehearsal in the morning, Sainiks arrived in huge numbers fervently waving their saffron flags. Refusing to heed the civic body's deadline of vacating the ground, the Sainiks continued to stay put at the site where Bal Thackeray was cremated on November 18. \"It's the Dahisar shakha's turn today. We just want to ensure the platform is protected,\" said Bhageshwar Chavan, a Sena worker from Dahisar. Taking a break from aggressive posturing, Sainiks took to reciting bhajans and kirtans.Army officials at the park told TOI that they were marking out area on the ground for stalls and parade rehearsals will start from Thursday. \"We will have stalls to display artillery and weapons at the function, similar to a Republic Day parade,\" said an army official.Defence officials said they had the HC's permission to hold the Indian Army Festival. \"We will utilise a major portion of the Shivaji Park ground, without touching the cricket pitches. On Thursday, the stalls will be set up for the dress rehearsal on December 14. Tanks and artillery will reach the ground on Wednesday night,\" said defence chief PRO, N Vispute.A BMC notice put up on the ground, alerting people to stay away from December 12-17, has deterred several budding cricketers and morning walkers from using the ground.Sena insiders were optimistic that the government wouldn't take any action till December 18, and by then party CEO Uddhav Thackeray would probably announce removal of the temporary structure in exchange for setting up a small plaque near the Shivaji statue.\"The BMC is unlikely to do anything on its own, especially with the ground being shared by the Army for Vijay Diwas preparations,\" said a Sena source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593638", "title": "Another conned of Rs 4.5L in bank", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 40-year-old woman was robbed of Rs 4.5 lakh at a national bank in broad daylight. The victim, Maninder Kaur, a realtor of Sector 21, went to Axis Bank to deposit money but bank staff asked her to submit her PAN card. As she fumbled for the card, a man offered to help her and stood in the queue with her bag containing cash.However, he disappeared without a trace in a few minutes. Maninder raised an alarm and bank authorities called the police. \"We are scrutinizing CCTV footage of the bank but so far we have not had any success. We will circulate a sketch of the accused,\" a police official said. There have been previous instances of people being targeted in banks but police have not had much success in such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591724", "title": "Slum dwellers may get development rights certificate", "text": "PUNE: If the government agrees to a new scheme sent by the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA), the slum-dwellers will get the Development Rights Certificate (DRC) instead of the developers.\"The Sanjivani Yojana will give freedom to the slum-dwellers to buy flats in any other part of the city or state. Under the scheme it will not be mandatory for a slum-dweller to opt for a house in the SRA scheme,\" said Congress corporator Aba Bagul. \"The scheme would reduce congestion in slums,\" he added. Bagul said he had suggested the scheme when the SRA had sought suggestions and objections to its rules last year.Under the regular scheme, developers get the DRC and slum-dwellers get the houses. In Sanjivani scheme, slum-dwellers will get the DRC which can be converted into cash. \"The slum-dwellers can sell the DRC and buy property or start a business with the money,\" Bagul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593233", "title": "Estranged for 50 years, first wife breaks down", "text": "KOLKATA: They lived separated for five decades; two of the country's greatest and most talented musicians, who also lived a part of their gifted lives as man and wife. But the moment the news of Pandit Ravi Shankar's demise reached Annapurna Devi at her Mumbai home, it was as if she had instantly bridged the yawning gap that had divided them all these long years and went into a state of shock.To those who surrounded her as the news was carefully broken, she looked a broken picture. After all, despite their separation, they remained united by music, gharana and above all by their guru's training. That link was finally snapped.Though Annapurna's present husband, Rooshi Kumar Pandya, knew about Ravi Shankar's demise since early morning, he waited till 10am before breaking the news to her. Only after she was awake and looked steady enough to bear the news. \"Her instant reaction was one of shock and dismay. And heartwrenching loss. But soon, it gave way to tears. I let her sob hard, in the hope that it will offer a natural catharsis. There are some pains in life that have to be weathered in the stillness of solitude,\" Pandya told TOI from their Warden Road home in Mumbai. She's 87 and ailing.Annapurna Devi, her brother Ustad Ali Akbar Khan and Ravi Shankar learnt music under Baba Allauddin Khan in Maihar, a princely state during the British rule now in Madhya Pradesh.Annapurna Devi turned reclusive after separationBaba Allauddin Khan established the Maihar gharana of Hindusthani classical music along with these disciples. Annapurna and Ali Akbar were his children. It was here that a relationship developed between Ravi Shankar and Annapurna, and the two married, facilitated by Uday Shankar. Annapurna was only 16 then.The marriage lasted two decades and saw a few brilliant duet performances. The couple separated in 1962, after which Annapurna turned into a recluse. But she kept teaching a few students (including Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia, Nityanand Haldipur and her husband, Rooshi Kumar Pandya). \"She is a master of ragas, sur and taal and despite the fact that we have already put in years of riyaz, there is still so much left to learn from her. Annapurna Devi remains one of the best custodians of Baba Allauddin's heritage,\" said Haldipur, who rushed to console her as soon as he got the news.\"She was in a state of maun (silence). We let her grieve in solitude,\" Haldipur said. \"She wept inconsolably. I hope these tears heal her from within,\" said Pandya.To both her husband and her students, Annapurna often speaks of her days with Ravi Shankar when they were her father's students. \"To her, Panditji was the greatest musician ever. She would tell us stories of how the young Panditji's fingers kept moving in the air or even on the rice plate as he played the imaginary sitar. She admired his guru bhakti and the way he has tried to preserve the shuddhata of the ragas and his gharana,\" said Haldipur.Those close to her feel it is perhaps their opposite natures and fiery spirits that left the two divided in life. While Ravi Shankar was a master showman, who took Baba Allauddin's legacy to the world, Annapurna tried her best to preserve it through her seclusion.Pandya, too, knew Ravi Shankar closely. Even before he broke the news to Annapurna, he posted a comment on Facebook: \"Sad to learn that Pandit Ravishankarji is no more. ! I was fortunate to have met him in Ahmedabad when I was 17... I was nervous and thrilled when he told me to play tanpura with him. Our next meeting was in Los Angeles in 1966 during a recording of the Bhagvad Gita... What he accomplished in one lifetime most cannot in three or four.\"\"A great shishya of a great Guru... His dedication, his virtuosity, his love for all music, his creativity, his child like curiosity , his attention to details, his pursuit of excellence, his sense of humor, and above all, his devotion to his Guru Baba Allauddin Khansaheb influenced me and impacted my life in more ways than one... and for that I will be eternally grateful to him. May God bless his soul. My condolences to his family.\"Ravi Shankar's children \u00e2\u20ac\u201dAnoushka , daughter of his second wife Sukanya and Norah Jones, born of a brief dalliance with concert promoter Sue Jonesare also musical celebrities . The 2005 Grammy Awards saw them pitted against each other. Gossip about their strained relationship with each other persists, but Indian American musician Karsh Kale. who has worked with both, says that \"in reality they are one big happy family\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596231", "title": "Vishwaroopam premier details", "text": "Kamal Haasan's magnum opus Vishwaroopam is going to be premiered in Los Angeles, USA, Paris along with DTH on Jan 10, a day before its original release. Pooja Kumar and Andrea are playing the lady leads in Vishwaroopam that also casts Rahul Bose, Nasser et al in the key roles.As planned Kamal Haasan's Vishwaroopam will premier using DTH 9 hours before its release in theaters and the important part for the fans to note is that the DTH users have to pay an amount of Rs.1000 for operators so that Vishwaroopam will be premiered in their own screens too.Raaj Kamal International and PVP Cinemas jointly producing Vishwaroopam enjoys the music and background scores by Shankar-Ehssaan-Loy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17595795", "title": "Leaders pay homage to martyrs of Parliament attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliamentarians led by Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar on Thursday paid homage to martyrs on the 11th anniversary of the attack on Parliament.UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , BJP leader L K Advani, leaders of opposition in the Lok Sabha in the Rajya Sabha, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley respectively and other members attended a solemn ceremony held in the premises of Parliament.The leaders observed a silence for a while in remembrance of the martyrs.On December 13, 2001, five heavily-armed gunmen stormed the Parliament complex and opened indiscriminate fire, killing nine persons.The martyrs included five Delhi Police personnel, a woman Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) official, two Parliament watch and ward staff and a gardener.A journalist, who was injured, died later. All five terrorists were shot dead.A year later, four accused, including Afzal Guru , were arrested for the attack and found guilty after a trial.Guru has been sentenced to death in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london/mangalore", "code": "17591445", "title": "Did Jacintha leave a note for family?", "text": "LONDON/MANGALORE: The British newspaper Evening Standard reported on Tuesday that Jacintha Saldanha, the nurse who was duped by a prank call and was later found hanging in her flat, left a message for her husband Benedict Barboza and her children Junal, 17, and Lisha, 14. But when TOI contacted Jacintha's relatives in Mangalore, they said Benedict was unaware of the circumstances that led to her death or of any note.Jacintha's brother Naveen Saldanha said: \"Ben is not aware of any note. Maybe details released on Thursday by authorities concerned will clear the air about the death. We have informed her mother (Carmine) about the death. She's is weeping but stable.\"Naveen said Benedict was allowed to see the body on Tuesday evening. The paper work necessary to fly the body to Mangalore is under way. If the body is handed over to Benedict on Thursday after the autopsy results are revealed, family sources said, the funeral should be held at Shirva in Udupi district this weekend or early next week.According to Daily Mirror, Benedict desperately tried to track her down in the hours before her suspected suicide. Benedict had not heard from his wife for two days, so he phoned one of her friends to check on her.The newspaper quoted a family source as saying that the friend called at her official accommodation at around 9.30pm on Thursday. But Benedict, 49, did not hear anything back from the friend, who was one of Jacintha's fellow nurses. His wife was found dead at 9.25am the next day, the source said.According to external affairs ministry sources, Benedict has told the Indian High Commission that he would like the body to be sent back home to Mangalore. \"Our mission is in touch with the husband... and is assisting in smooth completion of various formalities involved in it,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9162093", "title": "Right lighting can create right mood", "text": "Looking to set a mood? Just try turning on a lamp. The right type of lighting can create atmosphere, define spaces and spotlight prized possessions.The wrong type can make you sleepy, cause headaches and lead to accidents while performing even the simplest tasks. You have to know what's comfortable and what works for you. Consider the room's primary function, focal points, seating, colour scheme (dark absorbs light, pale reflects it) and desired mood. Then look at the home's inhabitants, the bulb life, your budget, and the amount and quality of light required.Types of lightingGeneral or ambient  Overall illumination may come from one central source, like a ceiling fixture, or from several individual sources. Keep in mind that a level brightness is required to perform everyday tasks, but dimmers can be added to alter the atmosphere.Task  Task lighting illuminates workspaces. If you already have overhead fluorescent lighting, opt for an incandescent table lamp. The balance between light sources - instead of shifting eyes from bright to dark areas - will help prevent headaches and eyestrain.Accent  Dramatic accent lighting is excellent for highlighting focal points and a few of your favourite things. To effectively accent, you need to provide three times the level of general lighting. Too much accent lighting will destroy the effect and wash out the room. Once you know the effect you'd like to achieve, it's time to pick the appropriate bulb.Bulbs  Incandescents: Inexpensive, widely available in various shapes and sizes, and easy to install, filament bulbs are a popular choice. However, these bulbs often burn out quickly. Reflector bulbs, an incandescent subgroup, have a narrow, controlled beam that projects double the amount of light of typical filament bulbs. Parabolic reflectors have an even narrower beam, shining four times the light.Halogens: Technically a subset of incandescents, halogens combines filaments with gas to create a brighter, whiter light. Although these bulbs are typically more expensive than Incandescents, they last longer, can be dimmed and conserve energy. Low-voltage halogens provide the same type of light but in a controlled beam, practical for all lighting effects.Fluorescents : Available in long tubes and compact bulbs, fluorescents last 10 times longer than Incandescents, burn about five times brighter, consume less energy and emit little heat - but can't be dimmed.So, which to choose? The trick is to match the type of light source with your decor. You have to integrate it into the full design. For a room with warm materials such as wood and terracotta, incandescent yellow or orange hues work well. With cooler tones, such as grey and blue, whiter halogens are a better choice as they render a room's colours truer than Incandescents and fluorescents.For energy efficiency, though, choose fluorescents, especially in areas that you tend to leave lights on, for example hallways, kitchens and laundry rooms. More important than what you decide upon, is when. After a new house is built or following renovations, rewiring can be messy\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand expensive.punetimes@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17591185", "title": "Historic Rain Baseera burnt to cinders", "text": "JAIPUR: The historic Rain Baseera at Jhalawar was gutted after a fire broke out Tuesday evening. The decades' old wooden house in Jhalawar which was being used as a Rajasthan Tourism Development Cooperation (RTDC) hotel for the last one year had in the recent past become a popular tourist spot.\"The Rain Baseera was constructed entirely of wood. Use of candles and other inflammable items were totally prohibited there. But carelessness on the part of the staff led to the entire Dak Bangla being wiped out,\" a source said.Located six km away from the Jhalawar town, the lodge was handed over to RTDC to develop tourism. Earlier, the structure was with the irrigation department for many years. \"Soon after it was handed over to the RTDC, the electric lines was disconnected. And in one year's time, the historic Rain Baseera was destroyed,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17592734", "title": "Father, stepmother kill mentally challenged girl, arrested", "text": "ROHTAK: In a shocking incident of crime against girl child by her family, a 13-year-old hearing and speech impaired and mentally challenged girl was strangulated to death, allegedly by her father and stepmother, in Bharan village of Rohtak on Wednesday. The accused parents later cremated the body in an attempt to destroy evidence.However, acting on an anonymous complaint, police raided the cremation ground late on Wednesday, along with a forensic expert, and collected the remains of the body and also arrested the couple.Police officers said the couple killed Pooja as they considered her a burden. Accused Satya Narayan, 35, who is a BSF constable, and his wife Rekha strangulated the girl at their house and spread the word that she had died as she had been unwell for some time. They also performed her last rites hurriedly, apparently in an attempt to destroy evidence of the crime, sources said.Naryan's first wife had expired about five years back, from whom he had two daughters -- Pooja and 8-year-old Anajli. Narayan later married Rekha about four years back and the couple had a two-year-old son.Meham police SHO Ram Kishan said that the couple was arrested from their home on Wednesday evening and that they had confessed to the crime.\"They wanted to get rid of her as they considered her a burden. Villagers said that the stepmother used to ill- treat the girl\", the SHO said, adding that the accused would be produced in the court on December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593120", "title": "Master of maestros, guide forever", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Banglar rabi kokhono asta jabena. Oi dekho arek rabir uday (The sun will never set on Bengal. Look, there's another sun rising),\" sitarist Mushtaq Ali Khan had remarked to young tabla player Biswanath Bose after the two heard a handsome youth play the sitar like no other.That was some time in the 1940s, not very long after Rabindranath Tagore had passed away. How true his words turned out as young Ravi Shankar stormed the world with his mellifluous music and disarming charm. A few years later, Biswanath Bose, then yet to be anointed 'pandit', accompanied Ravi Shankar who had already become a rage, at a function in Santiniketan.Several decades later, in January 1980, the duo met in Benaras again and Bose recounted Mushtaq Ali Khan's prophecy to son Kumar. Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, Pt Kumar Bose recounted how he had been blessed with parental care within months of losing his father in March 1980.\"Ravi Shankar called from the US to express his condolence and urged me to hold a programme in my father's honour. He offered to perform without any remuneration. The event was held at Ananya Cinema on BT Road in December that year and it was a resounding success. The next day, he asked if I could join him as Ustad Alla Rakha was getting old and the tours were getting to be demanding. I was playing with Vilayat Khan and Amjad Ali Khan at the time but jumped at the opportunity,\" he said.According to him, the likes of Kishan Maharaj and Ravi Shankar were not just tabla exponents and sitarists but philosophers. \"On fusion music, of which he was a trend-setter, Panditji would say that he does it to experiment with life and discover beyond what is known. But he made it clear that he never forgot his true identity - he was essentially a student of Indian classical music and Indian philosophy.\"Sometime in the late 1980s, the grapevine had it that the Bharat Ratna would be awarded to either Satyajit Ray or Pandit Ravi Shankar. \"The discussions (between disciples) were very animated but always held in Ravi Shankar's absence. One day though, he heard it and remarked: 'Don't ever think about what you have got and what you did not get because both are futile. The only thing that the evaluation will lead to is pain and regret. Don't strive for awards. Instead, concentrate on your work and a time will come when awards will be given in your name',\" Bose said, confident that a top award in music will soon be instituted in Pandit Ravi Shankar's name.Pandit Shankar Ghosh, who along with Kanhai Dutta, also accompanied Pandit Ravi Shankar on various concerts in India and abroad till 2000, said he had subtly altered the music over the years, leaving young ones like him more enlightened. \"Today's youngsters talk of fusion. But it was Panditji who shaped fusion several decades ago. I was fortunate enough to be led by him. He was a genius,\" said Ghosh.A strict disciplinarian when it came to rehearsing music, Ravi Shankar would place a kerchief under the strings to muffle the sound as he practiced his finger movement to keep them agile. And though he lived abroad, he followed all the festivals in a pocket almanac and called fellow musicians to greet them on Bijoya Dashami without fail. \"Panditji loved to eat. At times, he was a glutton, polishing off several pieces of fried fish and rice-chicken curry before gulping antacids,\" Ghosh recounted.While Ravi Shankar commanded tremendous respect from fellow artistes, he was also a friend and mentor, often cracking jokes and sharing light moments between intense music sessions. \"It was following this long association that I wrote a book on the Mathematics of Tabla. My attempt was to lay out the basic tenets of music. When I called him in the US to seek permission to dedicate the book to him, he asked me to have it sent over. Barely 10 days later, he was on the line. 'You have a done a great service to music, Shankar. It is something that I should have done but you've robbed me of the opportunity. Sadly, I don't think it will sell because hardly anyone picks up a book these days', Ravi Shankar told me point blank. That was the kind of relationship that we shared,\" Ghosh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596088", "title": "Chartered Accountant students' meet will start today", "text": "MANGALORE: The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), New Delhi, will organize a two-day state-level conference for chartered accountant students here from Thursday. The conference is hosted by the Mangalore branch of ICAI and SICASA.TN Manoharan, former president of ICAI, will inaugurate the conference and deliver the keynote address. Vijay Kapoor, director of board of studies of ICAI will also be addressing the students.More than 300 students from across the state are expected to participate in the conference and papers will be presented on various relevant technical topics such as service tax, audit of charitable and religious trusts, internal audit and company law for the students.There will also be a yoga, career counselling and personality development sessions, Murali Mohan, president of Mangalore branch of ICAI said.A career guidance programme will be held on Thursday afternoon. The Mangalore branch of ICAI was established in 1970. Over 480 chartered accountants and about 1,000 students from Mangalore, Kanhangad, Kasargod, Madikeri, Puttur, Sullia, Moodbidri and adjoining areas are affiliated to the branch which conducts regular activities for members and students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593803", "title": "LMC removes 230 illegal structures in Aminabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Wednesday removed close to 230 illegal structures near Jhande Wala Park and the shops on both sides of the railway track on Latouche Road. These areas come under zone-9. The encroachments were removed in the presence of heavy police force.LMC is conducting a drive to remove illegal structures spread in the city on the government land, public roads and railway tracks. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592867", "title": "New Duronto train services to Madurai, T\u00e2\u20ac\u2122puram from December 15", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers to Madurai and Thiruvananthapuram will now have one more train to choose from. The airconditioned Duronto express service from Chennai Central to Madurai on Mondays and Wednesdays and to Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesdays and Fridays will begin next week.The inaugural special will leave Chennai Central on December 15 and advance reservation will begin on Thursday. The inaugural Chennai-Madurai Duronto (02205) special will leave at 5pm on December 15 and reach Madurai at 4am the next day. Madurai-Chennai Central Duronto special (02206) will leave Madurai at 10.40pm on December 16 and reach Chennai Central at 7.10am the next day.The inaugural Chennai Central-Thiruvananthapuram Duronto will leave at 5pm on December 15 and reach Thiruvananthapuram at 5.45am the next day. Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Central Duronto special (02208) will leave Thiruvananthapuram at 9.30pm on December 16 and reach Chennai Central at 10.15am the next day. Schedule of regular service: Chennai Central-Madurai Duronto express (22205) will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on Mondays and Wednesdays and arrive in Madurai at 7am the next day. Madurai-Chennai Central Duronto express (22206) will leave Madurai at 10.40pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays and arrive at Chennai Central at 7.10am the next day.Chennai Central-Thiruvananthapuram Duronto express (22207) will leave Chennai Central at 4.30pm on Tuesdays and Fridays and arrive in Thiruvananthapuram at 5.15am the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592173", "title": "Disquiet in NCP over supplementary demands", "text": "NAGPUR: The pressure of piling debt is not only reflecting on the state's finances but also its polity. The state government's allotment of additional funds sought under the head of supplementary demands has attracted criticism from a section of senior cabinet ministers, most of them belonging to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).Home minister RR Patil, public works and tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal , water supply minister Laxman Dhobale and some others have slammed the state expenditure priority committee. They said it is ignoring the needs of their departments and allocating funds elsewhere in a 'non-transparent' manner.\"The same lax attitude was evident when supplementary demands were sought in the earlier two sessions of the year. Ridiculously, the committee claims it has several files to address and therefore cannot give reasons for every rejection,\" said a senior cabinet minister.The government had on Tuesday presented to the legislature a proposed list of supplementary demands, seeking additional funds to the tune of Rs5,371 crore for use in the current financial year. The demands were discussed in a pre-cabinet meet a day earlier, where, sources said, Patil and others were vocal in criticizing allocation of only Rs80 crore for the police in non-planned expenditure, mainly used for upkeep of exiting infrastructure. The total non-planned outlay of the police department is roughly Rs8,000 crore while the planned outlay is Rs505 crore.The approved outlay for water supply is a mere Rs2.5 lakh and Rs57 lakh for tourism.\"When you talk of modernizing the police force and its expansion, this is a paltry amount. Moreover, the committee works in the most non-transparent manner, rejecting files after files of demands without giving any explanation. This kind of attitude will hurt police morale,\" said a senior government official. He added that one of the department had submitted 45 files to seek supplementary grants, but only 19 were approved. Rest were rejected without giving any reason.The committee is made up of the finance minister and principal secretary finance, among others. The finance department is with the NCP. A government official clarified the panel was just doing its job and is saddled with as many as a thousand files related to supplementary grants. \"There is no question of money being diverted to any privileged department,\" said an official.A senior cabinet minister said interpersonal clashes in the NCP are leading to the complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595744", "title": "Birth day rush on 12.12.12", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It was happy coincidence for Reshma Bibi of Jharpada. She gave birth to her bundle of joy, a daughter, at 12.10 pm on a memorable date of 12.12.12. \"It was a normal delivery. I hope she will bring happiness and prosperity to our family,\" said Bibi.Over two dozen children were born on the once-in-a century date in different hospitals of the city. Doctors said expectant mothers requested them for caesarean on the special day, which is also regarded auspicious by astrologers. \"A number of parents requested me to conduct caesarean at 12.12 am or pm. We had to refuse them as only one case can be taken at a time,\" said a gynaecologist Dr Narahari Agasthi.Agasthi has conducted seven caesareans since Tuesday midnight to Wednesday evening. \"There is a lot of excitement among parents regarding the date. Though not ethically right, it is medically safe to conduct caesarean after 38 weeks of pregnancy,\" Agasthi maintained.At Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences, about 12 children were born on the single day while 10 were born in the Capital Hospital. Similarly, five newborns were delivered at Sum Hospital and six at Vivekananda Hospital. \"The sequence of series dates like 11.11.11 and 12.12.12 will never happen in this century. So we wanted to make it memorable,\" said Bulu Jena, whose wife gave birth to a baby boy on Wednesday.According to astrologer Amarendra Mishra, \"Babies born on 12.12.12 with compound number 9 and Mars as their ruling planet will possess qualities like valour, leadership, energy, enthusiasm and father loving. They will excel in jobs like defence services and make good sportspersons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592912", "title": "Villagers booked for killing dogs", "text": "CHENNAI: A case has been registered against the president of a village panchayat at Karanodai, near Redhills, its vice-president and four others for killing 20 stray dogs by administering lethal injection.After villagers informed the Blue Cross of India and its general manager Don Williams lodged a complaint, the Sholavaram police registered a case against Karanodai panchayat president Venkatesan, vice-president Udayakumar and four other villagers for killing the dogs.\"I questioned some villagers who said more than 50 dogs had been killed. But, I found bodies of only 22 stray dogs on the road side. I took the bodies to the police station and lodged a complaint,\" Williams said.Police sent the dogs' bodies to the Veterinary Hospital in Vepery for postmortem. \"If the autopsy report confirms the presence of lethal quantities of poison, we will take action against the village panchayat head and the others,\" Sholavaram inspector Ahmed Abdul Khader said.Police registered a case under sections of the Indian Penal Code and under Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960 and Dog Control Rule, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "greater noida/ghaziabad", "code": "17592444", "title": "Farmers threaten to stop realty project", "text": "GREATER NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: Farmers agitating against land acquisition for the proposed Hi-Tech City on 9,000 acres by Wave Infratech held a meeting on Wednesday and decided to halt development of the project. Farmers have been agitating against the project for the last two years. Sources said settling issues of the farmers by the government will not be an easy task.\"The Gautam Budh Nagar administration had said that policies are designed in Lucknow and senior officials there have to take the final call. The buck has now been passed to Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA). So far, we have received no response from the administration. Now farmers have decided to intensify the agitation and halt Wave Infratech's Hi-Tech City project,\" said farmer Ashok Yadav.Farmers have been demanding higher compensation against land acquired for the project. The agitators were on hunger strike since December 5, but they suspended it due to deteriorating health of some farmers.The matter now has to be addressed by GDA vice-chairman Santosh Yadav as most part of the project falls in Ghaziabad. However, farmers said they do not have faith in him. Few months ago farmers had protested outside the GDA office and at that time Yadav had assured them relief, but nothing was done.Even during the last agitation at GDA Yadav had assured to fix a meeting of a farmer delegation with the principal secretary (housing) but to no avail.Yadav, however, clarified that the MoU for the project was executed between the former BSP government and the Hi-Tech City developer and GDA has nothing with it. \"We have received the farmers' memorandum but this issue cannot be sorted out at our level,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592705", "title": "Case against Ashok Khemka order: HC hints at CBI probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Miffed over the \"indifferent\" reply by Haryana government over a case in which Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who was then director general of land consolidation and holdings department, had cancelled an order issued by Gurgaon assistant consolidation officer favouring a particular person, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked the government whether a CBI inquiry should be ordered into the case.Khemka on February 2, 2011 had cancelled a order of Gurgaon assistant consolidation officer saying that the officer had colluded with one Bhupinder Singh and entered Singh's name illegally as owner of a chunk of land at Chirsi village in Faridabad district. The land originally belonged to one Bishan Dass Chela Narain Dass who had died in 1978. The officer had made these entries in retrospective effect from some 55 years ago.When the matter was brought before Khemka in September 2012, he set aside the order observing that the assistant consolidation officer had made entries in the revenue records beyond his competency and just to benefit Singh.Khemka had also observed that the beneficiary \"Bhupinder Singh was a practising chartered accountant of around 45 years of age and therefore the retrospective correction since the past 55 years even before he was born is ludicrous. Khemka had also recommended to evict Bhupinder Singh from the possession of the land and put it on lease through public auction\".Following this order, Bhupinder Singh had moved a petition before the Punjab and Haryana high court to quash the orders passed by him, saying that Khemka was not competent to pass such orders.However, responding to the petition, Haryana government said powers to take such decisions were delegated to commissioner of a division under Section 42 of land consolidation Act but the same power delegated to director general of land consolidation department through a 1983 notification has neither been rescinded nor modified. The government also failed to place on record various documents sought by the HC.Dissatisfied over the indifferent responses filed by the government, Justice Rajive Bhalla has sought entire revenue records pertaining to the land. While asking the government whether the case should be handed over to the CBI, Justice Bhalla also asked the assistant consolidation officer, Gurgaon, Dalbir Singh to be present in HC on December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596375", "title": "Women support Left party's food security drive", "text": "RANCHI: A large number of women participated in a signature campaign launched by the CPM in the state capital on Wednesday. The Left parties, including the CPM, are demanding complete overhaul of the proposed Food Security Bill .Those who were unlettered put their thumb impressions to support the agitation for providing subsidized ration to each family irrespective of economic status and stop the plan of direct cash transfer. At least 60% of the signatories were women.The women were of the opinion that most families figured in the BPL list did not exist and if money would be shifted through the direct cash transfer system on that basis, it would not reach the targeted people. \"Annual income of many families known to me is less than even Rs 15,000-Rs 20,000 a month and yet their name is not in the BPL list. On the other hand, there are many families in Bariatu which have the BPL ration card but their income is at least Rs 1 lakh a year. This is the reason why I travelled 5 km to be a part of the campaign,\" said 50-year-old Nasima Khatun while putting her thumb impression on the memorandum.A second year student of Ranchi Women's College, Premy Tirkey, supported the demand of the Left parties. \"I feel that giving subsidized foodgrains to one family and depriving the other just because someone earns little more is not correct. The government should end the system of BPL and APL and allow a fixed quantity of rice and wheat to each family willing to take it every month,\" said Tirkey.Angela Kerketta, who happened to be at Albert Ekka Chowk because of some work, also joined the campaign. \"The government will transfer the cash based on the list of BPL families which will not serve the purpose as it is full of flaws. I feel that till the time the list is corrected the direct cash transfer should not be implemented in Jharkhand,\" said Kerketta.CPM central committee member Madan Ghosh said instead of dividing people based on income, the government should revamp the existing system. \"The targeted system introduced as part of the so-called economic reforms has failed since it excludes a large section of people. We demand that the government should scrap targeted system and replacing it with a universal one,\" Ghosh said and thanked the people of Ranchi, especially the women, for extending support to the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595837", "title": "Halls of fame", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Cinema halls play a key role in the success of a film industry. At a time when the Odia film industry is thriving, it is time for the state capital to have some state-of-the-art theatres. In order to pave way for multiplexes in the state, the government has modified the Odisha Cinema (Regulation) Rule, 1964, which did not allow cinema hall owners to charge different entry fees on different days of the week and for various shows on a single day. Since multiplexes use different fee slabs for different show times, the existing rules were coming in the way of opening multiplexes in the state.The Odisha Cinemas (Regulation) Amendment Rules 2012, which the state home department had notified last week, will allow cinema hall owners the liberty to classify seats and have differential ticket prices for different shows and days. The owners have to intimate the licensing authority and the entertainment tax officer about the prices three days in advance, the government's December 6 notification said.While collectors will be the licencing authority in various districts, for Bhubaneswar and Cuttack, the commissionerate police would issue the clearance. The new rules will be implemented with effect from the date of its publication in the Odisha gazette. \"It will be published in the gazette shortly,\" a government officer said.Sources said Inox, the first ready-to-open cineplex in the state capital, will start screening films only after the new rules are notified, because it is planning flexible ticket prices depending on the crowd. When contacted, Inox officials in Kolkata and Mumbai declined to comment on the matter. One of them, however, said the multiplex in Bhubaneswar was likely to open around Christmas or the New Year, depending on the notification of the new rules.Meanwhile, besides the Inox multiplex in Saheed Nagar, three other multiplexes at Gajapati Nagar, Kalarahanga and Paikarapur are under different stages of construction in the city. Lack of good cinema halls with comfortable seating and state-of-the-art projection technology has been a major reason for the upper and middle class shunning movie theatres in the recent years, many feel.While the state had over 300 cinema halls across in 1999, many of them closed down after the super cyclone. In the last two decades the number of halls has reduced to 130.\"In small towns and rural pockets, ticket price is as low as Rs 10 or Rs 15. How can a producer get back his money unless there are good halls where people would be ready to pay a standard amount for tickets?\" said producer Ajay Mohanty.\"The way Bhubaneswar is growing there is an urgent need for multiplexes in the city. I remember we used to go to cinema hall with the whole family in the 80s and 90s, but then the condition of halls started deteriorating. So did the quality of films,\" said Narottam Padhi, a senior OAS officer.The new multiplexes will solve these problems to a large extent, experts feel. A senior government official said the existing Odisha Cinema (Regulation) Rule 1964 was the reason why no multiplex could be functional in the state capital as yet. Only Jeypore town in Koraput district has a multiplex. Though there are apparent markets for multiplex crowds in Berhampur, Sambalpur and Rourkela, the 1964 rules were coming in the way for the multi-big screen plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591404", "title": "'Trial pending in 57 cases involving eight ex-CMs, 71 party office-bearers'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday informed the Lok Sabha that as many as 57 cases involving eight ex-CMs and 71 office-bearers of political parties are under trial, whereas CBI probe is pending in 10 cases involving a CM and 12 office-bearers.Responding to a Parliament question, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy, in his written reply, said eight cases and two preliminary enquiries were registered against one CM, two former CMs and 12 office-bearers of political parties as on October 31.In these cases, three persons figure in more than one case. The reasons cited for delay in completing investigation were \"complicated nature\" of cases taken up by the CBI for probe which requires scrutiny of voluminous documents and examination of large number of witnesses.\"In some cases, investigations have to be done in foreign countries for which Letters Rogatory has to be executed, which is a time consuming process,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17592960", "title": "Alemao guns for CM", "text": "MARGAO: With his eyes firmly set on the Lok Sabha elections in the near future, former member of Parliament (MP) Churchill Alemao on Wednesday raised the issue of the Mopa airport once again.This time around, he has \"warned\" the chief minister of having to deal with \"great losses to the tourism industry\" if the airport in Goa's northernmost taluka becomes a reality.Demanding that the government clarify its stance on the issue, the former Navelim MLA told reporters that the state should get a clarification from the central aviation ministry regarding the future of Dabolim airport if there are to be two airports in Goa.Stressing that he was raiing the issue \"as a citizen of Goa\", the former PWD minister claimed that similar assurances (of two airports) were given to the people of Bangalore too, \"but in the end there is only one airport now\".He then dared his likely opponent for the Congress Lok Sabha ticket from South Goa, current MP Francisco Sardinha, to ask the people of Bangalore if they are happy about one airport being forced to shut down.Continuing to suggest that Sardinha was past his prime, Alemao asked him to get the letter from the civil aviation minister.\"People should realize that once work on the new airport, which borders Maharashtra, begins, this centrally-located airport at Dabolim, which is equidistant for people from Canacona to Valpoi, will be forced to shut down, as the Navy is giving us slots to use this airport only because it is Goa's sole airport,\" charged Alemao.He urged the CM to \"think the matter through\" to \"avoid a scenario like the present where the state is suffering due to the negative impact the ban on mining is having\".He told reporters he had raised the Mopa issue with the erstwhile government too and has made his opposition to airport known within the Congress party too.He further said he would support any people's movement, launched by anyone, if it was aimed at saving the Dabolim airport.Asked who he thought the Congress would back to contest the LS seat from South Goa, Alemao said if the party wanted to give him a ticket they would, if not he would take the necessary decisions at the appropriate time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17592763", "title": "3 cops killed in car-truck collision", "text": "BARNALA: Three policemen were killed and three others were seriously injured on Tuesday night when the escort vehicle(car) they were travelling in collided with a truck near village Sehjra on Barnala-Ludhiana highway.All the six were travelling in the escort vehicle of chief parliamentary secretary Harmit Singh and according to police, the accident took place when the driver of the car tried to overtake the truck. The CPS was returning to Ludhiana after watching 3rd World Cup Kabaddi matches in Mansa.The deceased policemen have been identified as assistant sub inspector Swarn Singh, 36, head constable Satnam Singh, 40 and constable Lakhwinder Singh, 40.The injured cops, who were admitted to a hospital in Ludhiana, were head constable Gurbhej Singh, 41, constable Ranjit Singh, 45 and Harmit Singh's PA Sanjiv Kumar, 40.Barnala DSP Harmik Singh said a case has been registered against the truck driver, who succeeded in bolting off from the scene of the accident leaving behind the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596043", "title": "'Despite engineers, educational institutions lack mechanism'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Eminent nobel laureates and dignitaries shared their views on the topic 'building excellence in science and technology' during a panel discussion on the fifth day of the fifth Science Conclave at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad on Wednesday. The younger audience besieged them with their queries related to money, red tapism as well as burning issues like caste system, transparency and bureaucracy etc prevalent in our education system.CL Khetrapal, a scientist in Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) Centre of Biomedical Magnetic Resonance, Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Centre of Medical Sciences Campus, Lucknow talked about the Government of India initiative in opening up of institutes of world repute such as IITs, ISER, IIMs etc where the facilities are world class but the human resource infrastructure is bad. He said that problem of rising population is a scaling problem due to which many initiatives fail to achieve the purpose for which they were started.JV Narlikar, an Indian astrophysicist and proponent of steady state cosmology talked about the issue of pay scales being offered to scientists and compared grade in academics with corresponding grades in administration. He said that academics and administration, both work under different parameters so both should not be compared.Laureate of the Turing Award Joseph Sifakis from RISD Laboratory, EPFL, Lausanne said that both theoretic research and applied research are equally indispensable and essential for the progress of knowledge and innovation. He stressed by saying that there is only good research or bad research.The parameters according to him that decides excellence are critical mass, human factor and leadership, mechanisms and incentives. He talked about the excellence in US v/s India and said that Educational institutions in India lack mechanisms though it has large research potential and well trained engineers. US supremacy in R&D; is largely due to Centers of Excellence. He also talked about excellence in other countries such as Israel, Singapore, China, Europe and emphasized that India needs to create centers of excellence by several things.Fourth speaker Nobel laureate Klitzing - Physics, Germany put forth his personal experience as to how his government provides salaries for researchers and encourages them to go to places for studies for developing researchers there. He said that for excellence all countries need reference. He talked about one such reference that is Max Planc Institute which is excellent for research. He concluded by saying that in informatics India is famous internationally and how Indo-German Max Planc Centre for Computer Science at New Delhi works.Robert Flyod Curl, Nobel laureate stressed on the leadership trait which he considers the most important. He also talked about some strategies to deal with it like money as well as grooming of own budding talented minds. He concluded by talking about Institute of Chemical Technology, Hyderabad.India Nobel Laureate Prof Ervin Neher as the seventh speaker of the day discussed about personal excellence and said that one should be curious and interested in this field. He also urged to attract best brains and the relationship between basic and applied research. He emphasized how earlier best researches were majorly done in Europe and how America has taken the lead. He concluded his speech by saying that Eastern Asia and India are coming up quite nicely in this field.Jayant Bhattacharjee, HRI, Allahabad emphasized on the need of solid base level of primary education to have solid base in scientific field. He said that there is no shortage of funding but there is a shortage of right attitude and approach. He emphasized the need to start it from grass root level as this is a bottom approach and the tree is as solid and fruitful as deep as its roots are. He concluded by saying that school, colleges and university needs to play a very important role in scientific researches and for startling contribution, focus should be on individuals own thinking and confidence which only comes from solid schooling and universities.A panel discussion on the topic \"Participation of Women In Science\" was also held in the auditorium here on Wednesday.Later, a laser Show, with unique display of laser lights wherein three-dimensional effects enthralled the audience which helped to create an illusion of the space. High quality laser graphics and beam shows using the latest laser technology for full-color projection for powerful beam effects was a part of this enthralling event. The show featureed dazzling colorful laser animations, cartoons, and beam effects all choreographed to a musical soundtrack and theme. Later , Sandeep Acharya , a dynamic Bollywood songs performer was another performer in the same evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596048", "title": "Higher education minister's statement draws flak", "text": "MANGALORE: The reported statement of higher education minister CT Ravi, who is also Dakshina Kannada district in-charge opining the ABVP of being 'ignorant about private universities' has drawn strong reactions from the student organization. Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Mangalore unit has condemned the statements made by Ravi. ABVP state secretary K Ramesh said that let the minister disclose to people on what criteria private universities will be opened in the state instead of criticizing ABVP.\"ABVP had carried out statewide protest against the state government's proposal of giving nod to 10 private universities. The government is feeling the punch of our protest and the minister has stated in Mysore that private universities will be opened to increase the quality of the higher education,\" he added.\"How can the government give nod for private institutions to open universities without fixing criteria regarding courses, fee structure and place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593667", "title": "Residents welcome Red Ribbon Express", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Red Ribbon Express finally arrived at Chandigarh Railway Station on Wednesday. At the occasion, bhangra, gidda and plays were also staged by the students of Tricity schools and colleges.Chandigarh State AIDS Control Society project director Dr Vanita Gupta explained the motive behind the campaign. She said, \"The Red Ribbon Express arrived for the first time in Chandigarh in 2010. This is the third phase of this campaign wherein focus is more on youth and women. A specially fabricated van along with folk troupes will also move around in the city for creating awareness about HIV/AIDS.\" A total 8,266 people visited the train and 56 got themselves checked for sexually transmitted diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592958", "title": "Chennai runners go the extra mile on 12.12.12", "text": "CHENNAI: Although the skies were still grey, over Elliot's beach early Wednesday morning, there was excitement in the air as over 30 exhausted marathoners cheered and celebrated the completion of 12 marathons run over 12 days for 12 different causes.J Balasubramanian (Bala), well known in the marathon circles for running for causes that inspire him, dedicated this series of runs, which he called a \"tribute to triumph\" to a little boy named Rishi and his parents.Just two and half years old now, Rishi was diagnosed with a malignant tumour on his back soon after birth. When he was 28 days old, Rishi was operated for the cancer, and subjected to three sessions of chemotherapy. Even after the intensive treatment the cancer returned when he was 10 months old. Today, after a third surgery, and rigorous chemotherapies, Rishi is now a healthy child.Inspired by this story, Bala collaborated with NGO Doing Good Fellows (DGF), for the 12-12-12 event with the final marathon falling on the very date. The 12 NGOs in the run were Sahodharan, V-excel, Dean Foundation, Paradise Home, Shubhangam, Alert, Foetal Care Research Foundation, Ananya, Deepam, Thalassaemia Welfare Association, Datri World and DGF.\"The idea was to dedicate each day's marathon to a notable cause that needed a platform to raise its voice,\" says Revathy Muralidharan, co-founder of DGF, an NGO that serves as a platform to connect NGOs with experts from different fields.As an avid marathoner, Bala had earlier this year with his 21 km over 21 days paid tribute to yet another cancer fighter, the veteran marathoner Angela Ivory from Tennessee , US (who to her credit had run over 300 marathons). \"A few days after my tribute, she passed away,\" says Bala.This time around, Bala led the marathons every single day in celebration of life and good health. As the days progressed many runners joined in, with December 12 seeing the largest contingent. Bala, who had been running every other day from 3am to 6am, chose to end the final day running from midnight to 6am.\"Running is generally considered a selfish sport; for one's own health. I am trying to break that norm and show how running can be used as a tool to create awareness and propagate causes,\" says Bala, a chartered accountant by profession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595932", "title": "Cong, BJD fight over rice for poor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Opposition Congress and ruling BJD on Wednesday blamed each other of trying to take political advantage for the subsidized rice being supplied to the poor.During a debate in the assembly, Congress members accused the state government of diverting subsidised rice provided by the Centre for BPL households. Congress whip Prasad Harichandan alleged that the government was manipulating the Centre's scheme for subsidized rice by claiming the Rs two-a-kg rice scheme as its own. Congress MLAs said the Centre was providing 35 kg rice to each BPL family, but the state government was giving 25 kg to each household.\"The state government was doing this for poll benefits. It is looting votes by hoodwinking the people,\" Harichandan said. The Opposition further charged the government of furnishing different figures about the BPL population and said the government had failed to identify the poor left out (PLO) people in 15 districtsFood supplies minister P K Deb debunked the allegations, saying the Rs two-a-kg rice scheme has been in vogue in the state since over three years and people had given BJD a thumping victory in the 2009 elections. According to him, there was a gap in the number of BPL families for which the Centre was supplying the food grain and the number of BPL families the state was covering.Deb said the Centre was providing 35 kg-a-month rice to 22.35 lakh BPL households of Odisha besides 5.41 lakh APL families in eight KBK districts. However, the state government was distributing Rs two-a-kg rice to around 42.32 lakh families, including 5.41 lakh APL households in KBK, ensuring coverage to around 15 lakh more 'poorest of the poor' families.To cover these extra families, the government was buying 8,669 metric ton rice every month beyond the Centre's supply and providing an additional annual subsidy of around Rs 189 crore, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17592999", "title": "Cabinet has not finalized khazan land bill: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday stressed that the cabinet has not finalized any bill on the Goa khazan land development board and that the irrigation department has only drafted a bill for circulation to the public.Speaking to TOI, Parrikar rejected allegations by NGOs which on Tuesday had said that the proposed bill is meant to give Goa's khazan lands to land sharks for real estate.The chief minister said that in the interest of transparency, the irrigation department has circulated the draft bill for public comments. Everyone is welcome to submit their comments and these will be considered, Parrikar said.Irrigation department chief engineer S Nadkarni said that the proposed bill is only meant to improve agriculture in Goa. \"Goa has about 18,000 hectares of khazan land, out of which more than 50% is in a neglected state. The proposed bill envisages the improvement of agriculture on khazan lands,\" Nadkarni said, adding that people are free to give their suggestions which the department will forward to the government.Asked why the proposed bill gave powers to the khazan land development board to acquire land, Nadkarni said that if the board wants to construct even a small building, it will have to acquire land. Asked why the bill contemplated constituting the board with ministers and bureaucrats, Nadkarni said that the board will not take over the khazan lands but only administer them.\"The draft bill is being misinterpreted. Instead of tenants' association, it only proposes co-operative societies. It is in the best interest of agriculture in Goa. Anyway, all suggestions from the public will be forwarded to the government for consideration,\" Nadkarni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592818", "title": "No move to reinstate Umranangal: Sukhbir Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal on Wednesday brushed aside reports on the reinstatement of suspended 1995-batch IPS officer Paramraj Singh Umranangal, posted as DIG of border range in Amritsar.Mystery had shrouded Umarangal's suspension, after a note on him by the state government stated, \"suspension for not performing his duties efficiently and creating indiscipline in the Border Range\" was circulated late Sunday evening.\"There is no question of Punjab government reinstating Umranangal. The orders will of course have to be issued by me and there is no such order to reinstate him so far,\" said Badal Jr, who also holds the portfolio of home affairs and justice.Sukhbir was speaking at a joint press conference by him and state police chief DGP Sumedh Sinhg Saini. He, however, skirted queries on the reasons behind Umranangal's suspension. \"The state government is conducting an inquiry into his case. A report will be submitted by the DIG soon,\" he said.Earlier, there were rumours that Sukhbir and Saini may have apparently had differences over Umranangal's reinstatement.Umranangal, grandson of three-time Akali Dal MLA late Jiwan Singh, was inducted into police force after his father was killed by terrorists in 1987.Saini, a known sympathiser of those killed during terrorist attacks in Punjab, has had a good rapport with Umranangal. Asked about the suspension, Saini refused to comment.According to sources, he allegedly had discreet phone conversations with the Akali Dal leader and prime accused Rana, who had shot bullets at the assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh.There were also rumours that he had allegedly instructed cops not to open fire on Rana and his accomplices and arrest them alive.Umranangal's orders were dispatched hours after DGP Saini flew to Amritsar, a second time in a week after the murder caused a national furore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17595930", "title": "Standing tall in Hemavathi's backwaters", "text": "HASSAN: It's a photographer's delight. When the waters of river Hemavathi rise, the Shettihalli Church drowns in it and when the waters recede, the church ruins strike a stark contrast to the vividly coloured landscape. This church 23 km from Hassan attracts tourists by the hordes in summer as well as the monsoon, when it is partially submerged.It is the oldest Rosary church, built by French missionaries in 1860 in the backwaters of Hemavathi reservoir. In 1976 the church was shifted to a new building.Even after 37 years, the edifice stands tall and has withstood the vagaries of nature. The church is built using mud bricks and plastering is a mix of sand, jaggary and lime stone. However, the walls of the church have been damaged by visitors.Parish priest, Rosary Church, Fr Andrew Saldanha, said: \"In the early 1970's, the church had 900 families and later they were shifted to Joseph Nagar of Arakalagudu, Alphonse Nagar of CR Patna, Maria Nagar and Jyothi Nagar of Alur. These families lost their land in the Hemavathi reservoir project. Even the church was acquired for the project but it was not demolished. Now it has become a scenic place.\"Earlier for more than six months in a year, the church used to be submerged but since a few years it is submerged only for three months.This September, the water level had gone down drastically and we had lots of visitors, said Fr Andrew Saldanha.As it is a government property, one side of the church is used by farmers in November and December to cultivate short-term crops here as the soil is fertile.Locals rue that youngsters have defaced the walls with grafitti. \"They have not only spoilt the walls of the church by sketching and writing on it, they use the premises for partying. Bonfires are lit and the place is a mess,\" said Nagesh, a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596083", "title": "Traffic cops impose fine on 200 violators in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Acting tough against erring students and other commuters for not wearing helmet and violating traffic norms, the traffic police on Wednesday challaned more than 200 offenders.Traffic inspector Indrapal Singh said checking drives have been started at various locations, specially near schools, to nab students not wearing helmets.The police also fined 40 tempo drivers for overloading. The police realised more than Rs 20,000 through challans in the past 48 hours.Joint teams of civil and traffic police have been assigned duties to catch the traffic violators and take action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596197", "title": "Meet on river conservation from tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: A two-day national workshop on conservation of water resources of west flowing rivers in coastal Karnataka will be held at National Institute of Technology - Karnataka (NITK), Surathkal from Friday.The workshop is planned to discuss the prevailing scenario in the west flowing river basins with a couple of case studies on conservation of river waters. MA Atmanand, director, National Institute of Ocean Technology, Chennai will inaugurate.There will be presentations on successful experiences of Gujarat and Puducherry coasts, tidal effects on the estuaries in coastal Karnataka, groundwater scenario, remote sensing and geographic information system (GIS) applications on conservation structures. A presentation on mini/micro hydel power generation is also arranged.Academicians, engineers from various departments, representatives of non-governmental organizations and others are expected to attend the workshop.NC Muniyappa, managing director, KUWS&DB;, Bangalore, VV Bhat, secretary to Government of India and member (finance) and atomic energy, space and earth commissions, KN Vijaya Prakash, chief executive officer, Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat will be the chief guests.Swapan Bhattacharya, director, NITK, will preside over the inaugural function. Registration will start at 8 am on Friday, SG Mayya, organizing secretary stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592087", "title": "7 crore Indians jobless or under-employed, govt tells Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday said that around seven crore people in the country were either unemployed or under-employed.\"As per results of the latest survey conducted by the National Sample Survey Organization (NSSO) during 2009-10, the number of unemployed or under-employed persons on usual status basis in the country was 95 lakh and about six crore, respectively,\" the Union labour and employment minister Mallikarjun Kharge said in the Rajya Sabha during the Question Hour.The government has been making continuous efforts by focusing on creation of productive employment at a faster pace in order to raise incomes of masses with the aim of bringing about a general improvement in their living conditions, he said.\"The job opportunities are created on account of growth in Gross Domestic Product (GDP), investment in infrastructure development, growth in exports, etc,\" Kharge said.Replying to a supplementary, the minister said though there was a system of involving industry in drafting course curricula and their revision, possibility of mismatch between demand and supply in the labour market still remains.\"No demand surveys are conducted by the government. However, National Skill Development Corporation conducted a study for 21 high growth sectors which has estimated, skilled manpower requirement of 34.7 crore up to 2022,\" he said.To another query, Kharge said government was not considering any proposal to grant unemployment allowance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17593178", "title": "High court upholds 10-year jail against drug peddler", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently upheld the sentence of 10 years imposed by a trial court on Rajendra Kumar on charges of possession of charas in 2007 at Vagator.Kumar was arrested by the anti-narcotics cell of the Goa police after he was found in possession of the contraband weighing around 3.1kg on October 23, 2007.The NDPS court held the accused guilty of the offence punishable under Section 20(b)(ii)(C) of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act and sentenced him him to undergo rigorous imprisonment for 10 years and to pay a fine of 1 lakh and in default, to undergo further imprisonment for one year.Counsel appearing for the accused submitted that the evidence of the prosecution is tainted and full of infirmities. He alleged that four of the raiding party members, namely PI Ashish Shirodkar, PC Sandip Parab, PC Saish Pokle and PSI Punaji Gawas, have been chargesheeted in connection with a drugs case. Adverse inference has to be drawn for non-examination of Shirodkar and other policemen, who were members of the raiding party, by the prosecution.The public prosecutor, S R Rivonkar, stated that the prosecution evidence clearly establishes the offence against the accused beyond reasonable doubt.\"Non-examination of Shirodkar or for that matter any other police official accompanying the raiding party, would not be fatal to the prosecution case. What is to be seen is whether the evidence led by the prosecution is sufficient to establish the offence alleged against the accused and the evidence led by the prosecution has to be tested on the touchstone of probability,\" Justice A P Lavande observed.While confirming the sentence of 10 years, the court observed that in the event of failure to pay the fine amount of 1 lakh, the accused shall undergo further imprisonment of six months RI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592980", "title": "Your job will drive auto cover premium", "text": "CHENNAI: If you are a chartered accountant or a doctor and you are buying a new vehicle , chances are that you would be paying a smaller premium on your vehicle policy compared to a marketing professional or a businessman. This is because physicians and chartered accountants are categorized as a low-risk group by insurers as they travel less frequently on roads than sales executives or other self-employed professionals.\"Occupation is increasingly being considered in risk analysis and premium rating along with other important factors like age, average mileage , parking conditions and previous accident history,\" said managing director of Royal Sundaram Alliance Insurance Company Ajay Bimbhet. Pricing in motor insurance has gone in for a sea change in the last five years. Prior to de-tariffing (where prices are market-driven ) in 2007, the main factors governing motor insurance premium pricing was the year of manufacture of the vehicle, engine capacity, price and the zone in which the vehicle was bought. While these four factors continue to play a role in determining the insurance premium , other factors such as occupation are also playing an important role in determining the pricing of the motor cover. \"We are seeing the emergence of differential premium pricing with respect to profession. Insurers are giving positive rating for some professions. This is translating to a discount of 5% on tariff premiums,\" said Rahul Aggarwal of insurance advisory Optima Insurance Brokers.Gender also has a role to play. So, if you are a woman CA or doctor and your work involves just going to the clinic/ office and coming back, you will end up paying a smaller premium than a male businessman who resides in the same city and drives the same make as you do. That's because women are considered safer drivers and less rash on roads than their male counterparts. \"There is a differential pricing in motor insurance, and usage of the vehicle on roads and occupation are becoming important factors in determining it,\" a senior official from United India Insurance said.Motor premiums contribute to nearly 40% of general insurance premium collected by insurers. \"The contribution of motor is significant to a company's top line as well as bottom line. This has resulted in a lot of pricing sophistication in this line of business,\" head of the actuarial department at Bajaj Allianz General Insurance , Anurag Rastogi, said. For the first half of FY13, motor insurance contributed 57% to Bajaj Allianz's business. \"A lot of segmentation is happening in the motor insurance space. Companies want to have a profitable set of customers . They are doing so by loading customers who are bound to give more losses and discounts to people who are giving profits,\" Aggarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591594", "title": "Soon, use ATVMs to buy long-distance train tickets", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers will soon be able to book unreserved tickets for long-distance trains through smart-card operated Automatic Ticket Vending Machine ( ATVM)s at select stations on Central Railway (CR).ATVMs with this ticketing facility will be installed at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, Dadar, Lokmanya Tilak Terminus as well as Thane and Kalyan stations. , where long-distance trains halt or originate.Said an official, \"Initially, we will instal 15 such ATVMs. Once the internal trials conclude, unreserved tickets can be purchased from these machines with the help of facilitators, who will use their smart cards.\"This has been made possible because the ATVMs are linked to the unreserved ticketing system (UTS).According to CR, around 50,000 unreserved tickets are issued daily by booking offices. at various stations.The official said, \"Once this system is in place, it will reduce queues at booking offices.\"There are 250 ATVMs on CR's suburban network. It has placed orders for 135 more ATVMs, including machines that will sell non-suburban train tickets. Of these, 86 will be installed on Main line stations and 49 on the Harbour line.Nearly 13 per cent of the 8.64 lakh daily ticket buyers use ATVMs on CR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592231", "title": "Chavan backs BMC over road contracts", "text": "NAGPUR: Denying that the condition of Mumbai's roads has deteriorated by the day over the years, the state government has assured that quality control is in place to check malpractices and substandard work by contractors.In a written reply to two separate questions raised in the upper House, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan denied that the BMC had awarded tenders to contractors who had allegedly carried out \"shoddy\" work in the past.The questions were raised by NCP members Kiran Pawaskar, Hemant Takale and Vidya Chavan among other members.Chavan also denied the allegation that three jet-patching machines, that are used for filling up potholes, were lying idle. The machines that were bought from a US-based firm cost the BMC Rs 80 crore. \"The three (machines) have together filled up potholes covering 9,267 sq m in the last three years,\" he said.\"It is not true that these machines have been laying idle in a garage at Santacruz. There no reason to belive it. .It is not true that work is being awarded to the contractors who carry out low-quality work year after year. The corporation ensures work is not of low quality leading to potholes by having regular checks carried out by the vigilance department,\" he stated in a written reply.Nearly 16,837 potholes had been filed up by the BMC this year till August, said Chavan.BMC takes flak every year for poor quality of roads and it is alleged that the work is carried out by a cartel of contractors. Experts claim that little is done to rope in reputed firms and ensure that motorists enjoy a smooth ride.However, the usual method has been to temporarily patch up bad stretches with paver blocks or poor-quality material, which is usually used to lay footpaths. This approach only worsened the condition of the roads, with several stretches becoming uneven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592692", "title": "CBI prepares to drop \u00e2\u20ac\u212292-93 riot charges against Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a month after Shiv Sena founder Bal Thackeray's death, the CBI is preparing to drop the charge of criminal conspiracy registered against him in the wake of the demolition of the Babri mosque in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh, by Hindu extremists.If a high-ranking IPS officer is to be believed, the CBI has urged the state government, particularly the Mumbai police, to provide it with Thackeray's death certificate. \"The CBI has informally approached the Mumbai police for this purpose. We are expecting a written communication from the CBI in a day or two. We will certainly provide them with the relevant documents,\" the officer said.Hindu hard-line organizations, including the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and the Shiv Sena, had launched a nationwide agitation to press their demand for the construction of a Ram temple at the site of the mosque. On December 6, 1992, activists from these organizations climbed atop the mosque and damaged it. A week later, Bal Thackeray told journalists that if Shiv Sainaiks had brought down the mosque, he could only be proud of their act.After pressure mounted from anti-rightwing political parties and organizations, the Centre entrusted the probe into the demolition of the mosque to the CBI. After preliminary investigations, the CBI registered a case of criminal conspiracy under section 120-B of the Indian Penal Code against BJP leaders L K Advani, Uma Bharati and Vinay Katiyar, and the Sena's Thackeray and Satish Pradhan.The IPS officer said, \"Apparently, the CBI has taken the view that since Thackeray is no more, it will be better to drop his name from the list of the accused. We agree with the view taken by the CBI and hope the case against him is closed. The CBI will have to submit the relevant documents before a court in Uttar Pradesh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593406", "title": "Girl ends life over forced marriage proposal", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 15-year-old girl student committed suicide on Wednesday at Kotturu village of Khanapur mandal in Warangal district. According to villagers, Banoth Radhika, 15, consumed pesticide, to avoid her forcible marriage to a boy from Pallaruguda village. Her father Yadagiri and stepmother Kamala who were keen on getting her married this year itself had even paid a part of the dowry to the boy's parents. Radhika, who was depressed over her parents' decision to get her married, took the extreme step on Wednesday. She consumed pesticide at her residence and collapsed on the floor. Her father Yadagiri rushed her to the hospital where the doctors declared her brought dead. Following the incident, the villagers attacked Yadagiri, alleging that it was his wrong decision that led to his daughter's suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591386", "title": "BJP puts off action against Karnataka rebels for another day", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's troubles in Karnataka are growing by the day with former CM and Lingayat leader B S Yeddyurappa's show of strength on Sunday to announce the launch of his Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) and a helpless leadership unable to prevent the situation from spiraling out of control.The BJP core group \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sans Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d met here on Wednesday to resolve the Karnataka crisis but was expectedly unable to arrive at any conclusion. Party's central leader in charge of the state Dharmendra Pradhan too was conspicuous by his absence.The BJP central brass has asked the state unit for a fresh ground report in the next two days, pushing the decision-making process further.After the meeting, senior party leader Ananth Kumar told reporters that \"there is no trouble for the state government in Karnataka\". The core group was expected to decide on taking action against BJP members in Karnataka who openly displayed their allegiance to Yeddyurappa on Sunday. But the party's central leadership is clearly in a fix over action to be taken against the rebels as any expulsion of the MLAs will reduce the Jagdish Shettar government to a minority.Yeddyurappa too is waiting for the BJP to take action against the rebels as he does not want to be seen as the hand that toppled the state government, especially when it is led by a fellow Lingayat, Shettar.Sunday's breakfast meeting at Yeddyurappa's house was attended by 23 sitting MLAs, 10 MLCs, four MPs and eight ministers from the Shettar government. Yeddyurappa had asked his loyalists not to attend the KJP's launch rally on Sunday evening, but 14 BJP MLAs and one minister (Sunil Volapure) shared the stage with the Lingayat leader in Belgaum. Gadkari is learnt to be of the view that CM Shettar should dissolve the assembly and opt for snap polls, which are slated to be in mid-2013. However, since governor H S Bhardwaj is to decide the assembly's fate, the saffron party is uncertain whether the latter will accept the government's recommendation.If the governor asks the Shettar government to prove its majority and the CM fails to do so, Central rule could be imposed in the state, much to the discomfort for the BJP, which is keen to continue for some more months to shore up its winning prospect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593432", "title": "2 all-party meets ended abruptly", "text": "HYDERABAD: The meeting is being held despite repeated requests from chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and several Seemandhra leaders to Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to postpone the meeting as it was clashing with the three-day World Telugu Conference slated to be held in Tirupati from December 27 to 29.Their argument is that the World Telugu Conference is being held to celebrate Telugu language and culture and that it would be inappropriate to hold at the same time a meeting that would explore options of dividing the Telugu people. However, Shinde had made it clear two days ago that the all-party meeting will not be postponed. Former home minister P Chidambaram had held two all-party meetings in 2010 and 2011. But these meetings were the initiative of the home minister. But the process ended abruptly when the TDP, BJP and TRS boycotted the meeting held on January 6, 2011.Until last week, when six T Congress MPS forced the UPA government to call for the all-party meeting in return for their votes in the FDI retail issue in the Lok Sabha , the Centre had been maintaining that the third all-party meeting on Telangana cannot be held as four of the political parties, the Congress, TDP, MIM and YSR Congress, have not revealed their stand on T.Pressure is building up in the Congress for making its stance on the issue clear before the all-party meeting is held. Telangana senior leaders K Yadava Reddy and K R Amos opined that the spirit of the meeting was lost by inviting two representatives from each party. \"There is no need for a meeting merely for the new home minister to familiarise himself with the issue. His officials can do the job. Dragging the issue further should not be the motive of the meeting,\" Amos, Telangana MLC, told the media. The two leaders also urged the Congress to reveal its stand before the meeting his held.Education minister S Sailajanath said whoever attends the meeting should convey the various views on the division of the issue. \"The meeting will be meaningful only if the party representatives conveyed all the views to the home minister. There are people who are demanding Telangana, some are for status quo while a few others are for according special status to Hyderabad. All these views should be echoed in the meeting convened by the home minister,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17592845", "title": "Now, Akali sarpanch booked for thrashing villager", "text": "JALANDHAR: Adding to the tally of violence by the Shiromani Akali Dal leaders, an Akali sarpanch of Kalyanpur village and his supporters have been booked for thrashing a villager in the presence of police.The four police personnel, who had gone to the village to inquire about a complaint lodged by a shopkeeper, Paramjit Pal, had a tough time rescuing him as sarpanch gathered a mob of over 100 persons on Wednesday. An attempt to murder case was registered against sarpanch Iqbal Singh and his supporters.According to the reports, Paramjit Pal had got involved in a scuffle with and a few supporters of Iqbal Singh on Tuesday night over a disputed piece of land. After Paramjit informed the police, two cops went to the village and asked both the sides to stop it. The next morning, a team of Lambra police station led by ASI Kewal Singh went to the village to inquire about the incident. Paramjit said despite the police presence, sarpanch gathered a mob and attacked him and his family members, including two women. Parmjit said police personnel saved him from the mob with great difficulty and rushed him to the civil hospital.ASI Kewal Singh said over a hundred strong mob attacked Parmjit when they went to inquire about the complaint. \"We somehow rescued Paramjit and then took him to hospital. As we were a four-member team and had gone only to inquire, which appeared to be a small dispute, it was never apprehended that a strong and aggressive mob would gather there and violence would break out,\" he said.SP(D) Rajinder Singh, who was asked by SSP Rajinder Singh Hayer to inquire into the case, said it was an old dispute over a two marla plot.Meanwhile, police were also in the process of registering a case against Paramjit Singh and his brother Tirath, who is a head constable with the Punjab police, on the complaint of the sarpanch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panch-padwa (banari)", "code": "17596646", "title": "Tana Bhagats want early solution to their problems", "text": "PANCH-PADWA (BANARI): Tana Bhagats, the followers of Mahatma Gandhi , hailing from different districts attended Tana Ulgulan Centenary celebration here, the entry point of the Naxalite area of Kasmar in Bishunpur block, on Wednesday.The celebration which was presided over by Sisai MLA Gitashree Oraon was supported by All India Tribal Development Council. Governor Syed Ahmed who was to address the meet could not attend it. The programme was organized 59 km from the district town of Gumla.In 1912, Tana Bhagat movement was started by Jatra Tana Bhagat of Chingri Navatoli village in the same block . To observe the 100 years of the movement, a celebration was held with participation of Tana Bhagats from Ranchi, Lohardaga, Latehar and Chatra, besides Gumla districts.Chairman of the National Commission of Schedule Tribes Rameshwar Oraon said he would lead a delegation to discuss issues of the Tana Bhagats with the governor and seek a solution to their long standing problems.Both Gitashee Oraon and Daltonganj MLA K N Tripathy promised to raise their concerns in the next session of the assembly. Former Lohardaga MLA Sukhdeo Bhagat asked for setting up of a commission to solve their land and other issues including revamping of the Tana Bhagat residential schools. \"Problems of Tana Bhagats, whose ancestors fought the British, remain the same. This is a matter of shame for the government,\" he added. Former Sisai MLA Sameer Oraon also spoke while Ganga Tana Bhagat, former Mandar MLA and president of All India Tana Bhagat Development Council, highlighted the problems of his fellow Adivasis on the occasion.Janardan Tana Bhagat, the principal of Kudhdar Baba Inter Collage, Banari, told TOI \"We want the system of the government should function for which it was framed. All problems will automatically be resolved by it.\"Over 100 Tana Bhagats who think their main issue is related to land alone did not go to venue of the main function. Instead, they discussed their problems near the statue of Jatra Tana Bhagat at Chingri village .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593065", "title": "Centre nod to climate action plan", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre has approved the state's plan to take immediate steps against climate change. It will be executed by the state government once the funds are released. The funding agency, however, is yet to be decided.A senior environment department official said that West Bengal was one of the few states that had submitted the plan of action for the climate change draft plan at the earliest. The Union ministry of environment and forest has given its nod and it will take a year for the state to implement the measures, the official said.Once the funding agency is decided, the state government departments that are directly or indirectly linked to the environment, namely irrigation, power, water resources, environment and urban development, will draw their respective course of action to put into action the recommendations in the plan.Some of these recommendations that find mention are taking immediate measures to cut down emission of greenhouse gases in Sunderbans, Dooars and Darjeeling. These areas are vulnerable to global warming and climate change and are plagued by soil erosion, scarcity of water and shifting of agricultural production centres to higher altitudes.The environment department had earlier prepared a study which gave an alarming picture of the climate change in the state if adequate steps weren't taken.The report states that changes in the climate may begin as early as 2021 with average temperature soaring up, lesser occurrence of rainfall, a sharp rise in sea water level and frequency of tropical country diseases like malaria. A majority of mangrove forests in Sunderbans may go under water, it had warned.A World Bank study had also identified Kolkata as among the most vulnerable cities in the country to climate change and global warming. The study had cast a grim forecast for the city by 2050. The areas that were likely to be hit were Tiljala, Topsia, Tangra, Baisnabghata and Patuli due to their unplanned urban growth.The state government will start executing the plan after it starts getting the fund. It is yet to be decided as to from which funding agency -World Bank, Asian Development Bank (ADB) or any other agency - the funds will be sanctioned for executing the plan.The state government was already working on the integrated coastal zone development plan for the coastal areas of Digha, Sankarpur and Mandarmani, being executed with ADB funds.A senior environment department official said that the plan that was earlier submitted by the state has been approved by the union ministry of environment and forest and it will take about an year for the state to start executing the plans. All the other states have also been preparing the draft plan and West Bengal was one of the states that had submitted the plan at the earliest.Once the funding agency is decided, the various state government departments like environment, water resources, irrigation, power, urban development etc that are related to environment directly or indirectly will chalk up their respective course of action to implement the recommendations of the action plan.The study that the environment department had earlier prepared gives an alarming picture of things to come if immediate action is not being taken. The report says that changes in the climate may begin as early as 2021 with average temperature soaring up, less occurrence of rainfall, a sharp rise in sea water level and tropical country diseases like Malaria to create more impact. The study also gives a very alarming warning that the majority of the mangrove forests in Sunderbans may go down under water.The recommendations that have been mentioned in the action plan includes immediately launching measures to cut down greenhouse gas emission for areas like Sunderbans, Dooars and Darjeeling that are most vulnerable to global warming and climate change. The main concerns for these areas are heavy soil erosion, water availability and shifting of agricultural production centres to higher altitudes.Earlier a World Bank study had identified Kolkata among the most vulnerable cities of the country to climate change and global warming. The study had cast a grim forecast for the city by 2050 unless immediate steps are taken. The areas that were mentioned to be worst hit in the city were Tiljala, Topsia, Tangra, Baisnabghata and Patuli due to its unplanned urban growth without improving and upgrading the civic amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592943", "title": "Work on new fast breeder reactors to begin next year", "text": "CHENNAI: The year 2013 shall see India enter an all new phase of its nuclear program, where work will begin on the first lot of the commercial fast breeder reactors at the Madras Atomic Power Station (MAPS) in Kalpakkam.With work on the prototype fast breeder reactor (PFBR) close to completion, the government is looking at building two commercial variants that will be used to transmit power to the power-starved state electricity boards. \"We will hold a public hearing in three months time, before beginning the design stage of the two reactors,\" said Dr Prabhat Kumar, chairman of Bharatiya Nabhikiya Vidyut Nigam (BHAVINI) at Mamallapuram on Wednesday.Speaking at a national symposium on Radiation Physics, Kumar said the reactors would each be of 500MW capacity and have a liquid sodium coolant system. \"These will be an improved version of PFBR. Both these units will be located in the vicinity of PFBR so that they may share some non-critical facilities. This way, we hope to cut costs,\" he said. Earlier this year, the department of Atomic Energy had announced that it would set up 6 commercial fast breeder reactors in the next 15 years.Fielding questions about the expensive nature of the nuclear programme, S C Chetal, director for Indira Gandhi Atomic Research Centre (IGCAR) said, \"International nuclear power comes at a cost of $4,500 or 2.4 lakh per kilowatt. We generate it at 1 lakh per kilowatt. The lessons we have learnt from building PFBR will help us make the new commercial reactors cost effective.\" Additionally, after the failure of the coolant system at the nuclear reactors in Fukushima, a safety audit was conducted in all Indian reactors. The precautionary measures arrived upon in the audit shall be added to the new units, said Chetal. \"We don't need to pump water unlike in Fukushima as air is the only medium needed for heat transfer for the new sodium coolant reactors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17593396", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams mulls building Netradwaram", "text": "TIRUMALA: The Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) executive board is once again mulling constructing the Netradwaram (additional exit point) in order to handle the increasing flow of devotees as well as to ensure a better darshan of lord Venkateswara.The new exit point near the sanctum sanctorum of the temple will reduce the distance between the general devotees and the idol to 100 feet from the existing 200 feet and will ensure that more devotees are able to have darshan and leave quickly.However, in the past Agama pundits had opposed this move when TTD management attempted to move it forward. The demand for the construction of the new exit point gained momentum recently when Peddajeeyar (chief guru) of TTD stated that Netra dwaram is the only option to satisfy the devotees. The TTD appeared to respond to this suggestion positively with its executive officer LV Subramanyam stating \"Keeping in mind the increasing number of devotees, the proposal will be examined.\"Once the new exit point is constructed by collapsing the wall at Ardhamandapam behind the Mukhamandapam, pilgrims can have a glimpse of Lord Venkateswara from close to the Ramula Vari Meda area inside the sanctum sanctorum.On an average, 80,000 devotees manage to have darshan on a day and the number increases to one lakh on auspicious days.Many devotees have complained that the Mahalaghu darshan is from very far and that too only for a few seconds on auspicious days. The Mahalaghu darshan meant for the ordinary devotee takes place from the Bangaru Vakili or the Jaya Vijayabheri which is 200 meters away from the idol. Laghu darshan meant for VIPs takes place at a distance of 100 meters from the sanctum sanctorum.TTD introduced the Mahalaghu darshan in 2006 to clear the pilgrim influx during peak seasons and festive occasions. But this darshan scheme drew severe flak from pilgrims, especially the aged, as the Lord can be seen only from a distance of 200 feet. But TTD officials at that time said it can help to clear 6,000-7,000 pilgrims every hour unlike 3,000 pilgrims in Laghu darshan. The arrangement later became a regular practice for non-special days also.Agama experts, however, are opposed to the construction of the new exit point. \"Violation of Agamas will result in harmful effects for mankind,\" Swaroopananda Bharati of Sarada peetham said. \"This is nothing new. This proposal was discussed 30 years ago by the TTD, but when the matter was discussed withthe world famous sculptor Ganapati rejected the idea,\" Kamalananda Bharati, founder of temple protection committee told TOI. But with the number of pilgrims increasing by the day, the TTD is seriously considering construction of the new exit point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592797", "title": "Punjab to bring in police reforms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Facing a national outrage over a spree of crime incidents in Punjab, including last week's ASI killing in Amritsar, deputy CM SUkhbir Badal on Wednesday announced police reform that would separate the investigation and policing wings in the state.\"Investigation wings would focus on investigation of cases and they would be equipped with latest techniques and they would be provided training in the scientific methods of investigation\" Badal Jr said on the sidelines of a press conference.Earlier, Badal Jr and state police chief came, stormed in the room in a huddle with senior IPS officers including ADGP(crime Jaswinder Singh, ADGP(law and order) Dinkar Gupta, ADGP(intelligence) Hardeep Dhillon. Badal Jr said the new reform brings to an end the duality of role of police besides bringing more effectiveness into the investigation system. He also launched the a rapid rural response system (RRRS) with a three digit toll free number.The new reforms would bring about 700 motorcycles for rural policing and 245 motorcycles for urban policing. Earlier, Badal Jr and Saini also launched a 24 X 7 webweb portal to address complaints at the lower level in the police were \"There are impressions that the complains are not being attended and some citizens are not satisfied with the progress or investigation of the police in their cases. This website service would take away that concerns\" he said.ADGP(law and order) and his team would constantly monitor all complaints and sent him daily report, he added. This system would not replace the police station as first line of complaint, he warned.\"The complaintant would get a reply within 21 days and in urgent case even instantly. Mr. Badal said that . Mr. Badal said that anybody can go on website www.punjabpolice.gov.in and click 'Citizen Portal' to register their complaints or on toll free phone 1800-180-2082, which has been started with four lines that would be increased as per pressure on the system.Toll free service 1800-180-2082Besides 24X7 citizen portal, a toll free phone service has also been launched by the Punjab government to seek suggestions and feedback from citizens..Reflectors in commercial vehicles compulsoryExpressing concern over accidents due to over speeding, Badal Jr said that he has ordered to put speed radars at every important road to check overspeeding. He said that orders have been issued that every commercial vehicle would have install reflectors to increase their visibility during nights.Re-checking of arms licencesWhile referring to the fake license case involving Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, Badal Jr that the state governmen would now do a recheck of all arms licenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592167", "title": "Cops prevent man's suicide at Akashwani square", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a commotion at Akashwani square when a 31-year-old man from Beed district attempted to commit suicide by pouring kerosene and setting himself afire on Wednesday afternoon. However, alert cops acted fast to prevent the suicide.Pradeep Awsarmal was booked for attempt to commit suicide by Sadar police.Police sources said Awsarmal has come to the city with three friends , all of whom have been struggling to get their unpaid salary from government offices. He works as a clerk in malaria department at the corporation hospital in Beed.He claimed that he had not been paid his salary for the last ten months. His friend, who works with sanitary department, claimed that the government had not paid him salary for the last seven months. The third friend, who has retired, alleged he had not been getting pension for the past seven months.On December 8, Awsarmal had sent a fax to the chief minister's office in which he had mentioned he would commit suicide during the winter session if there was no action on his case.Police said that since last three days cops had been searching for Awsarmal but failed. As city police were already alerted about Awsarmal's threats, cops deployed at Akashwani square were keeping an eye on every passer-by. On Wednesday afternoon, before Awsarmal could light the matchstick after pouring kerosene, police stopped him and took him to Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591778", "title": "Runaway criminal nabbed", "text": "PUNE: A 19-year-old youth who escaped from the Warje Malwadi police chowkey on Tuesday night has been arrested.The suspect, Sanket alias Monya Santosh Vikare, is a resident of Warje. Earlier, he was arrested in an attempt to murder case. He was kept at the Warje Malwadi police chowkey. While the policemen were busy with the paper work, Vikare escaped.A team led by senior inspector Sunil Darekar re-arrested Vikare on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591700", "title": "Corporator arrested for murder of RTI activist", "text": "BANGALORE: Congress corporator from Azad Nagar Gowramma Govindaraju was arrested on Wednesday in connection with the murder of RTI activist Lingaraju Devendrappa.Congress corporator from Azad Nagar Gowramma Govindaraju was arrested on Wednesday in connection with the murder of RTI activist Lingaraju Devendrappa.Gowramma's husband, Govindaraju, was arrested earlier for giving a contract for Lingaraju's murder.Police said Gowramma was arrested from a hotel in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu in the morning. A special team had been on her trail after the Karnataka high court, which is monitoring the probe, on Monday pulled up the investigators for the delay in her arrest.The police learnt that Gowramma was holed up in a hotel. \"She was running out of money and she had no option but to call her family. We traced the call to the hotel and raided it in the morning,\" police sources said.The sources added: \"Govindaraju and others have said Gowramma was not aware either of the conspiracy to murder or the execution.\" Police suspect Govindaraju is only trying to save his wife.\"Lingaraju had tipped off the Lokayukta on Gowramma's illegal earnings. Govindaraju cashed in on her name and power,\" the sources explained, adding, \"Being a family friend, Lingaraju knew all about Gowramma and her alleged corrupt dealings. She reportedly accused Lingaraju of backstabbing her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591728", "title": "Blame game begins, DC told to submit report in 10 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting quickly on the findings of a preliminary probe into Wednesday's wall collapse, the Delhi government has ordered a time-bound investigation. The DC (revenue) of East district will submit the inquiry report within 10 days.The DC's preliminary inquiry shows unauthorized construction was on at the site for at least 15 daysNews of the wall collapse led to a lot of politicking throughout the day. In the assembly, revenue minister Arvinder Singh Lovely blamed the BJP-led municipal setup for illegal constructions in the city even as he announced the magisterial inquiry.The BJP legislators were marshalled out of the House after they protested against the Speaker's decision to admit Congress' adjournment motion seeking suspension of the question hour, and permission to discuss the wall collapse.Later, the BJP decided to bring a no-confidence motion against Speaker Yoganand Shastri for repeatedly suspending the opposition on \"unreasonable grounds\". However, Congress warned it would bring a breach of privilege motion against leader of the opposition, V K Malhotra, on Thursday for not showing respect to the Speaker.The day ended with the BJP-led East corporation blaming the state government for the wall collapse, the state's revenue department blaming the corporation, and Delhi Police ducking responsibility by claiming the corporation was informed about the construction.Lovely countered the corporation's claim that the crash happened on village land, which is the responsibility of the state's revenue department: \"Who takes action in farmhouses, unauthorized colonies? It is the primary duty of the corporation, not the SDM, to take action against illegal construction\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596138", "title": "Traders accuse administration of ignoring development works", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hundreds of traders along with politicians and locals of City West constituency on Thursday participated in a Vyapaari Mahapanchayat and demanded mela and district administration to carry out development works in their areas.Traders alleged that no development works are underway in City West assembly areas.President, Mundera Vyapaar Mandal, Dhananjay Singh said traders have been demanding the construction of CC Road between High Court and Bamrauli but no measures have been taken. Every year temporary road is made on Kanpur-Allahabad highway and as a result, the level of houses located on GT Road is coming down.Traders alleged that authorities do not listen to their complaints. The patron of Mundera Vyapaar Mandal Tariq Sayed too supported the traders and said they will stage more protests before the administrative officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593790", "title": "Ideas galore for quality education", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to ensure high standard of education in state universities, there is requirement of a state assessment council, similar to the National Assessment and Accreditation (NAAC) for constant monitoring of higher education institutions by the state government. This was put forth by the vice-chancellor, DDU Gorakhpur University, P C Trivedi the keynote speaker for academic reforms at the vice-chancellors (VCs) conference on Wednesday.A range of discussions covering academic, administrative and financial aspects of state universities took place at the conference. Trivedi spoke about the need to amend the State Universities Act, 1973. \"At the time the Act was made, there were hardly any colleges affiliated to it. The situation has undergone a sea change today and amendments are necessary,'' he told TOI. In this context, he proposed that the state government should allow universities to handle solely the process of affiliation and de-affiliation of colleges.Emphasising on the quality of research work, Governor and chancellor of all state universities B L Joshi reiterated that universities in UP should pay attention to quality rather than quantity. \"The number of research projects with a patent is less compared to their number in the West. We need to raise the standard of research in our universities,'' he said. It was suggested that the best research labs in each university be converted into centres of excellence. Also, there was suggestion for establishment of a university dedicated to research.Also present at the conference, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav stressed employment opportunities be increased in higher education institutions. He said universities should make use of information technology and communication techniques to excel and attain great heights. During the meet, there were discussions on extending the term of state universities vice-chancellors from three to five years and inclusion of syllabus for qualifying the National Eligibility Test (NET) in common minimum syllabus and non-availability of medical facilities to university employees and teachers.On the financial front, Mohd Muzzamil vice-chancellor MJP Rohilkhand University, who was the key note speaker, highlighted problems faced in generating funds for state universities. He pointed out that universities face a major problem in reimbursing fee for SC/ST students by the state government and said this area needs streamlining.Discussions on administrative issues like strengthening various bodies such as academic, financial, executive councils and the university court were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596025", "title": "North Eastern Railway officials inspect works at stations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The senior officials of North Eastern Railway (NER) inspected the ongoing works related to Maha Kumbh at three railway stations of NER on Wednesday. Led by NER general manager V Ramachandran, the team inspected three stations -- Rambagh (Allahabad City), Daragunj and Jhunsi.Other officials present at the inspection included DRM Varanasi Ajay Vijayvargiya, chief commercial manager Arvind Kumar, principal chief engineer PC Agarwal.The team told the railway staff to complete the ongoing works by December 25 deadline. \"The officials were satisfied with the progress of works and confident that all the works would be completed within the set timeframe,\" said NER PRO Ashok Kumar. The officials stressed on the works related to laying of temporary railway lines and construction of enclosures for the passengers. Similarly, work pertaining to constructing additional booking counters, sign boards to guide the passengers, extra toilets etc was also inspected by the team. \"All the construction works are in the last stage and would be completed soon,\" PRO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592671", "title": "B R Ambedkar Bihar University registrar fined Rs 25K", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday ordered Muzaffarpur-headquartered B R Ambedkar Bihar University (BRABU) registrar to pay Rs 25,000 for not complying with the court order to apprise it whether or not the university was running a postgraduate engineering course known as MSc in engineering.The order was passed by a single bench presided by Justice Navin Sinha while hearing a writ petition of Abhishek Kumar who claimed he obtained MSc in engineering degree from BRABU, but the state department of science and technology cancelled his candidature for the post of lecturer in engineering colleges of the state.On a directive of the high court, MIT-Muzaffarpur submitted that it provides MTech degree in engineering but not MSc degree. Petitioner's counsel Ranjeet Kumar submitted that the petitioner possessed a valid postgraduate degree in engineering.Reprieve to Shahabu wife:A single bench presided by Justice Mandhata Singh quashed a criminal case filed on behalf of Siwan DM in a police station in Siwan district against Hena Shahab, wife of former RJD MP Mohd Shahabuddin , under different provisions of the Arms Act for putting her licensed gun at an arms shop instead of surrendering it in the office of the DM as ordered by the DM.Petitioner's counsel Yogesh Chandra Verma submitted the DM had not given an opportunity to Hena to be heard before cancelling her gun licence and ordering an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17591992", "title": "'By British standards, Nagpur not a small town'", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the UPA government has won approval of Parliament on Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail, British companies, which may plan to invest in India, are apprehensive about the high real estate prices in the country. Single brand companies are already finding land rates in cities like Mumbai exorbitant and also the tax on luxury goods to be rather high, said British Deputy High Commissioner (western region), Peter Beckingham. He was addressing news persons during his visit to the city, which was a part of his plan to explore business opportunities in Tier-II cities like Nagpur.\"Though by British standards, Nagpur, given its size and population, is not a small town,\" said Beckingham who visited the Mihan-SEZ and Nagpur Improvement Trust, apart from calling on businessmen from the Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA).With FDI getting a nod from the Parliament, there are chances that British companies like Tesco may plan to invest in India. However, the British firms would first prefer to study the legislation thoroughly, said Beckingham. About investment in the retail sector in UK from India, he said, Indian goods are increasingly finding space in shelves of upmarket stores in the UK.With foreign retailers set to enter India after FDI being allowed in this sector, a project like Mihan can be an ideal site for developing logistics and warehousing hubs. \"The high commission would apprise the British companies of the project's advantages,\" said Beckingham.About his visit to Nagpur, he said the city gained importance for the High Commission after trade minister Mervyn Davies came here in 2009 followed by visits from the commission. Even this trip was to explore investment opportunities from both the sides.Nagpur is one of the important business centres for the UK, said Beckingham, adding, \"Though it may be termed a Tier-II city in India, for the UK a place with a population of 3 million is certainly not a small town. Nagpur can be comparable to an industrial centre like Manchester ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596227", "title": "Kousar gets her 'dozens' right", "text": "MANGALORE: Kousar Nahaz, 22, is proud to be mother of baby girl born on 12.12.12 at 12:12.12pm at a government hospital in the city. Choosing a fancy date and time for delivery is considered as privilege among the rich in cities. However, this poor woman from Kanakatla village near Surathkal got the opportunity to give birth to a baby on a fancy date and time.Nahaz Nazir, a mason, brought his pregnant wife to Government Lady Goschen Hospital on December 11. Hospital superintendent M Shakunthala told the couple and their parents that Kousar may need a Caesarean depending on her health. Both Nahaz and Kousar agreed for the C-Section. Doctors led by Shakunthala brought the bundle of joy baby to the world when everything on the clock pointed to a continuous strings of 12, the last repetitive date of the century.Nahaz told TOI that he is happy to be a father of the baby girl born on 12.12.12 at 12:12.12pm.\"I am happy as no one in our family can forget the birthday of my daughter. I thank doctors and hospital staff for offering us this magical moment,\" he said adding that he was not aware of the prominence the day and time. Dr Shakunthala, too, considers the birth of a baby girl in a government hospital on a special occasion a matter of pride.\"It is just a coincidence that Kousar's delivery happened at a government hospital at a special moment like this. I think that baby might be the luckiest and it is great that such an incident has taken place in a government hospital,\" the doctor said adding that the mother and baby are healthy.The newborn's grandparents Hatheejamma and M Nazar are excited at the prospect of having to choose a nice name for their granddaughter. The hospital on Wednesday witnessed 13 deliveries, wherein a woman had given birth to twins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591537", "title": "North Korea's rocket launch unwarranted: India", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Korea successfully launched a missile showing an improved military ability. While the world fumed and the UN Security Council prepared to meet on the issue, it was clear that Pyongyang would escape serious international retribution. Reports said the missile launch coincided with Kim Jong Un's assumption of power after his father, Kim Jong Il , passed away on December 17, 2011.India was critical of North Korea's adventurism, saying the action went against UN Security Council Resolution (UNSCR) 1874 that was unanimously adopted on June 12, 2009. \"This unwarranted action by the government of DPRK has adversely impacted peace and stability in the Korean Peninsula. India calls on DPRK to refrain from such actions\".Pyongyang, which has said it would launch an \"earth observation satellite\", has successfully placed the satellite in orbit, the country's official Korean Central News Agency reported on Wednesday. KCNA said, \"The second version of satellite Kwangmyongsong-3 successfully lifted off from the Sohae Space Center in Cholsan County, North Phyongan Province by carrier rocket Unha-3 on Wednesday.\" \"The satellite entered its preset orbit,\" it added.In April, a similar launch had failed when the vehicle broke up after liftoff from the Sohae Space Center. That North Korea has been able to refine its capabilities is a sign of its intent. It's likely to up the threat quotient in Seoul and Tokyo . With Japan heading into elections this Sunday, the popular mood is certain to turn more hard-line both against North Korea and China.On December 1, Pyongyang had announced it would launch the satellite with the rocket \"southward\" in the period between Monday and December 22, \"true to the behests of Kim Jong Il\". On Monday, North Korea extended the launch window until December 29, citing a \"technical deficiency\" in the rocket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593077", "title": "Civic body renews crackdown on tax defaulters", "text": "KOLKATA: Prompted by a sharp decline in revenue generation, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) went on a drive against major property tax defaulters in the city starting Monday. Several teams comprising senior officials of the KMC assessment department have been formed to crack down on the defaulters.While as the first step civic officials put up notices on buildings of the defaulters, the next step will be to send distress warrants to those who fail to pay. The final step will be to auction these properties, said an official.On Monday, a KMC team went to the posh locality of BK Market on Shakespeare Sarani. Its owner owes over Rs 50 lakh in arrear taxes to the civic body. The team put up a poster which reads: \"The owner of this market is a property tax defaulter.\"A similar notice adorned the walls of a commercial building on Palm Avenue soon after. A commercial property on Elgin Road was also raided by KMC.Though the assessment department had issued several notices on the owners of shops in BK Market complex and warned them, the shopowners in the market complex were visibly shocked at the sight of the posters.They said they were paying their individual taxes on time. Abhishek Singh, owner of Priya Travels on the first floor, said, \"The stall owners pay their individual taxes and everyone's taxes vary from Rs 3000 and above. The KMC department sends me my outstanding dues every quarterly and so far it is up to date.\" He also produced a receipt of the KMC department to prove his statement.On Tuesday too, teams of civic officials set out to warn tax defaulters. They visited commercial buildings in some of Kolkata's posh areas, namely Sarat Bose Road, Ballygunge Circular Road and Gariahat Road. The civic assessment department officials also raided properties on Chittaranjan Avenue.Some officials in the KMC assessment department said that the drive had been pending for a long time since mayor Sovan Chatterjee was unwilling to take harsh steps against some influential tax defaulters.\"We had been desperately pleading with the KMC top brass to allow us to take punitive steps against some major tax defaulters who had not applied for the waiver scheme. But the authorities had refused to give a green signal. Now, we are happy that we can take on the major defaulters,\" said a senior official of the KMC assessment department.Data available with the KMC assessment department reveals that tax defaulters who have availed of the waiver scheme offered by the civic body are mostly from the middle class. Records say that of the 162,000 property tax defaulters who had applied for the waiver scheme, 98% belong to the middle class, each of whom owed the civic body less than Rs 1 lakh.The KMC collected Rs 305 crore from this year's waiver scheme while the total outstanding stands at Rs 2,500 crore. \"Only 301 major defaulters owe the KMC, Rs 900 crore. If we are allowed to take strict action against them, there will be no dearth of funds for us,\" another KMC assessment department official said.After keeping mum for months, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation on Monday started a drive against major property tax defaulters in the city. A sharp decline in revenue generation has prompted the civic top brass to raid the big tax defaulters. A couple of crack teams comprising senior officials from the KMC assessment department have been formed to take on major defaulters. In the first step, the KMC assessment department has slapped a notice on some major defaulters across the city. In the next step, the KMC will send a distress warrant to those if these defaulters fail to pay. The ultimate step is to auction these properties.On Monday, a KMC crack team went to B.K. Market in Shakespeare Sarani, a market complex in the posh central Kolkata locality. Its owner owes KMC over Rs 50 lakh in arrear taxes. The KMC team pasted a poster which reads: \"The owner of this market is a property tax defaulter.\" Next, the KMC team went to a commercial building on Palm Avenue and slapped a similar notice. Similarly, the KMC team raided a commercial property on Elgin Road. The KMC department issued several notices on the owners of shops in BK market in the city, asking them to pay their outstanding dues as soon as possible and warning that failure to do so will lead to their mansion being auctioned. ues worth more than 50 lakh have been claimed by the KMC officials so far.The B.K. Market shop owners were, however, shocked to see the defaulter's notice, saying they were mainly on rent and claimed that they are paying their individual taxes on time. Abhishek Singh, owner of Priya Travels on the first floor, said, \"The stall owners pay their individual taxes and everyone's taxes vary from Rs 3000 and above. The KMC department sends me my outstanding dues every quarterly and so far it is up to date.\" He also produced a receipt of the KMC department making his statement more evident that he is paying his taxes on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17591956", "title": "Man jumps to death in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Unable to tolerate the law's inability to prosecute the corrupt, a man committed suicide by jumping off a 60-foot water tank in Pratap Vihar of Ghaziabad on Wednesday.Kishan Lal was atop the tank for more than two hours and jumped off while policemen looked on helplessly. He was a native of Bulandshahr and owned a plants nursery over 40 bigha adjoining the park where the water tank is located.\"Lal climbed the tank at 9.30 am and had planned to commit suicide at 12.12 pm, coinciding with 12-12-12, the 'magic number',\" said a senior police officer.Once atop the tank, Lal aired his views against the government and dropped paper pamphlets to the ground for two hours. \"He tied a rope to the railing, fashioned a noose out of it and attempted to hang himself. Before police could spread a safety net below him, he slipped and fell to his death at 11.45 am,\" station house officer, Vijay Nagar, RK Dwivedi said.Police claimed Lal had a history of mental illness and had allegedly spent eight days in a mental hospital in Agra. His brother Narender denied it.\"He made two failed suicide attempts in the past with the most recent one on October 2,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592248", "title": "New districts in Delhi: HC seeks govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s reply", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday questioned the state government's rationale behind carving 11 new districts in the capital.A bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the government to respond by January 7 next year, on allegations by a lawyers' body that the redistribution of districts is ill planned and leading to a lot of inconvenience to both litigants and lawyers.The Dwarka Court Bar Association, through counsel H S Phoolka, has sought quashing of the government's order alleging that the move is \"arbitrary\" as some areas have been shifted to district courts far from where litigants live.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592362", "title": "Supermen in diapers bring joy to 12.12.12", "text": "MUMBAI: The fad for 12.12.12 babies overcame sedate government hospitals as well as savvy private clinics that kept sending hourly updates on the score so far.Kohinoor hospital in Kurla was proud that Naela Rafeeque had delivered this day and a little sorry that another planned baby arrived a day earlier.As always, Sion hospital won hands down. Its maternity ward is always a sight for sore eyes given the record number of babies that are born each day. \"Our hospital has the maximum number of deliveries in Mumbai, around 12,000-14,000 in a year, more than KEM and Nair put together,\" said dean Suleman Merchant, adding, \"Until 9 pm we had delivered 30 babies, of which 13 were male and 17 female. Interestingly, this ratio is normally the reverse.\"In fact, a minute past midnight, Dr Niranjan Chavan delivered Mankhurd resident Kranti Shrikant Patil of a baby girl. However, the heroes of the day were the two supermen in diapers that had arrived at 12 seconds past 12.12 pm, making them 12.12.12 mascots down to their fingertips.\"The boys were born to Sadhana Omprakash Kashyap and Mamta Ajendra Sahani,\" said Dr Y S Nandanwar.Dr Chavan recalled how Mamta shed tears of happiness at having attained motherhood after two attempts.\"She was admitted with two foetal deaths and was elated that this child survived,\" he said. Baby Sahani was delivered in labour ward 12.Swaddled in blankets coloured pink, blue and yellow, the babies remained blissfully ignorant of the attention they were generating. Equally unaware, the parents wondered what the fuss was about and reflexively prevented photographers from taking pictures owing to fears over children going missing from hospitals.A similar last-second marvel was a Nigerian boy born to Ijeoma Ochuba at Fortis Hospital, Vashi. His parents quickly named him Harmony. Father Kevin said this was the best day of their life and the coming of the child brought him peace and happiness.At Fortis's Mulund arm, Vaibhav and Dipti Sawant were grateful for the pint-sized wonder that had turned their lives around. They thanked Dr Sonal Kumta for a safe delivery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592821", "title": "Cabinet approves job as naib tehsildar to murdered ASI's daughter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the state government in a damage control mode over the murder of assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh, who was shot dead while trying to save his daughter's honour, the Punjab cabinet on Wednesday decided to appoint his daughter Robinjeet Kaur as naib tehsildar in the revenue department.The girl, who has done masters in computer science, was earlier offered the job of a sub-inspector in the Punjab police where her father was an assistant sub-inspector.In another decision taken to prevent the flight of timber and scaffolding trade from Punjab, the cabinet approved slashing of VAT on timber and scaffolding from 13% plus surcharge to 5.5% plus surcharge. By doing so, Punjab has brought its VAT on timber at par with neighbouring Haryana, which had slashed its rates in 2006 to bring it at par with neighbouring Delhi.In a relief to faculty members in state's government colleges, the government approved the re-designation of 84 associate professors as professors, who are PhD, as per the notification issued by University Grants Commission. The faculty had been getting a low academic grade of Rs 9,000 till now.With the winter session of the Vidhan Sabha scheduled for December 17, a string of bills and ordinances to come up in the house were given approval by the cabinet. This includes nod to enactment of Punjab Compulsory Registration of Marriages Bill, 2012, which covers NRIs also. The NRI Commission had recently recommended its implementation on the lines already done by neighbouring Haryana.With a large number of frauds committed by travel agents coming to the fore, the cabinet gave approval for enactment of Punjab Prevention of Human Smuggling Bill, 2012. The Bill will ensure punishment of three to seven years for illegally sending people abroad. The sub-divisional magistrates and deputy superintendents of police have also been empowered to search the premises of such violators with prior approval from district magistrates. It would be mandatory for all travel agents to get licenses from competent authorities for doing business.The cabinet also approved the conversion of Northern India Canal and Drainage (Punjab amendment) Ordinance 2012 into a Bill in the forthcoming winter session of Punjab Vidhan Sabha. The bill aims to check illegal use and theft of canal water by imposing hefty penalty for the same, besides imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592259", "title": "UGD pipeline breaks, sewage chokes Avinashi underpass", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sewage water mixed with human excreta and other garbage flooded the Avinashi underpass on Wednesday after the old underground drainage pipeline passing under the bridge ruptured and choked the flow of sewage in the pipeline. The sewage flow according to the traders in the locality began at around 8pm on Tuesday night and it continued throughout the night as it was left unattended.By Wednesday afternoon the underpass was flooded with sewage water below knee level making it completely unusable for the motorists, mainly two-wheeler riders and autorickshaws. Careless execution of a storm water drain work on Kattur road damaged the UGD line resulting in the flooding of the underpass.\" It seems that old UGD lines became clogged after someone carelessly dumped stones and broke the line into a small open manhole in the vicinity where storm water drain construction was being carried out,\" said AS Selvaraj, husband of J Sasirekha, ward councillor ward no 72, Coimbatore municipal corporation.Even after the underpass became flooded with water, the corporation did not erect any warning signs to make the motorists aware that the stagnant water was actually sewage water which was leaking out of the UGD pipeline. Sewage water was oozing out of a manhole due to excess pressure inside pipeline after it got blocked with rock and debris materials.\"A new drain is being constructed on the lane towards Kattur and it seems some rock and debris material fell through an exposed hole which damaged and blocked the UGD line. Consequently, sewage water from Gandhipuram and nearby areas could not pass beyond the Avinashi bridge towards Goods Shed Road,\" said a corporation official.Though most of the people chose to avoid the underpass and deviated after they spotted water inside the underpass. Many were caught unawares and realised they were riding through sewage water when they entered the puddle. Some pedestrians were also wading in the water even as corporation finally sent two sullage tankers and also started to pump out the water using its motor pump sets.\" I thought it was normal leakage from some water supply line and only realised it was drainage water due to the bad smell and also when I had to step down and start pushing my autorickshaw after water entered it and killed the engine,\" said M Manikandan, an autorickshaw driver.According to Babulal Bhansali, owner of an electrical appliance outlet near Avinashi Bridge, said that they spotted water leaking from the manhole near his shop on Tuesday night itself. This was further reiterated by other people from various commercial outlets in the locality like P Vinod working at a fabrication unit nearby. However, the corporation officials reacted only by Wednesday noon.\"It is a serious health concern for the public as it is untreated sewage water and people are riding and walking through it without being stopped or warned,\" said TK Somu another resident who uses the route on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596074", "title": "State government files appeal against Noida officers' order", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state government has filed an appeal against the December 7 order passed by a single judge of the high court in a contempt petition asking the chief secretary and other concerned officers either to remove Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran from Noida Authority in compliance of a division bench order, or appear in person in the high court on December 14.Bahadur and Saran are posted as the authority's chairman and CEO respectively.The state government's appeal will be heard before a division bench of the high court on Thursday.It has been alleged in the contempt case that both the senior IAS officers have yet not been removed despite the clear direction of a division bench of the high court.The court, therefore, issued contempt of court notice to the UP Chief secretary and other concerned officers responsible for the compliance of the high court's order.A two-judge bench of the high court had passed an order on a PIL directing the state government to immediately remove both the said senior IAS officers and they are not posted at any place in west UP.It also directed that CBI will investigate the cases of land allotment at Noida from 2001 to 2012 and will submit its report within six months.The stand of the state in the high court is that review application for the recall of the earlier high court order was pending and, therefore, there was no occasion for the compliance of the earlier high court's order for removal of the officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592336", "title": "ASI's role under scanner in Amritsar cop's murder probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The probe into the murder of a Punjab cop trying protecting his daughter from eve-teasers in Amritsar has taken a new turn. The preliminary investigation has turned the spotlight to the role of another cop who was present at the scene but remained \"a mute spectator\".Assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh was gunned down by Ranjit Singh Rana, Shiromani Akali Dal's general secretary of Amritsar, on December 5 when the cop tried to protect his daughter.The report found that Varinder Kumar, another assistant sub-inspector, had reached the spot within minutes after Rana fired the first shot. \"Varinder Kumar had reached the spot and witnessed the shooting by Rana and his men as a mute spectator,\" the report said.The report was submitted by Punjab's additional director general police (ADGP, law and order) Dinkar Gupta to DGP Sumedh Singh Saini on Wednesday. Kumar was suspended on Tuesday night even before the report reached Saini in Chandigarh. A departmental inquiry is now being initiated against Kumar for \"not firing at the shooters to save his colleague's life\".The report by Gupta also mentions that a head constable \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Jasbir Singh, who was accompanying ASI Ravinderpal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had fled the spot within minutes of the first round of firing by Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595472", "title": "Association For Computing Machinery contest off to a flying start", "text": "KANPUR: The most awaited two-day Association For Computing Machinery (ACM)-International Collegiate Progamming Contest-2012 Kanpur Site contest started at lecture hall complex of the IIT-Kanpur on Wednesday.The inaugural function began with Saraswati Vandana. Prof Indranil Manna, Director IIT-Kanpur, Prof AK Chaturvedi, Dean Research and Development and Rajeev Palanki from IBM were present in the event.Prof AK Chaturvedi welcomed all the teams and appreciated the participation from foreign teams. He thanked Prof Phalguni Gupta and his team for their efforts in organising this event.Prof Indranil Manna shared a special welcome to the teams from Bangladesh (Team Name: NSUArdent) and Iran (Team Name: Deadly army of AUT). Interestingly, one team is from Bangladesh and other from Iran and international students are also taking part in the event. Each team has three members.He also highlighted his expectation of more participation from east and west zone of India. He suggested that India's performance should improve in the World Finals of ACM ICPC to be held next year. Prof Manna said that in countries like Russia and Belarus, programming is taught to students in classes during school days.\"Like Maths and Physics Olympaid, Computer Programming Olympaid should be held in the country. This will make students learn about programming since an early age when they are studying in school,\" said IIT-Kanpur Director while addressing the gathering.He also expressed happiness that for the 14th consecutive year, IIT-Kanpur is holding programming contest of such a magnitude.Prof Manna further highlighted that the computing technology has undergone a sea changeRajeev Palanki, manager with Java Technology Center, IBM Software Labs, delivered a talk on 'Rock Arts and Rockets'. In his talk he discussed the gradual evolution of the language JAVA in past few years and the scope of how the new generation can make the utility of JAVA successful. He shared how the version 1 of JAVA could be stored on floppy disk where as with time it can also be merged with the feature of implementation on real time.Prof Phalguni Gupta delivered his vote of thanks to all the participating teams, the foreign teams, the sponsors, Prof Indranil Manna, Prof AK Chaturvedi, Rajeev Palanki and his support team along with the event host Vandana D Kaushik.BM Shukla, chief judge of the event, apprised the participating teams about contest environment and rules.Sandesh Gupta, operations-in-charge informed that the main contest will be held on Thursday and the students of the participating teams were given a chance to practice for the actual contest. The practice session had been provided to the contestants to have an idea of how the real time competition would be.RP Tiwari and Shruti Chatterjee, members of executive committee were also present in the ceremony.Meanwhile, 65 teams which had qualified for the ACM ICPC Kanpur site, will get two hours time to solve the given problems. Teams from new IITs including IIT Ropar, IIT Mandi will also be taking part.Sandesh Gupta informed that the winners of the ACM-ICPC at IIT-Kanpur will get a chance to participate in the World Finals of the contest scheduled to be held in June 2013 at Saint Petersburg, Russia.The contest on the other hand challenges students, working in three-person teams, to rely on their programming skills and creativity during a five hour battle of logic, strategy and mental endurance. The contest also fosters creativity, team work and innovation in building new software programs, and enables students to test their ability to perform under pressure. The contest holds to its credit of being the loudest, largest and most prestigious programming contest in the world.The students solve complex problems using both traditional and new software development tools. The ACM ICPC Asia Regional Contests invites Asian students to meet, establish friendships and promote fair competition in programming. The contest is considered to be the 'Olympics of Computer Programming'.The participating students were given one and a half-hour to practice for the contest was held during the evening hours on Wednesday. Several students were of an opinion that the practice session was tough but at the same time it gave them a good idea about the nature of the problems that they may be getting in the main contest. During the event generally each team gets 6 to 8 problems to be solved within 5 hours the solution for which can be submitted by them in either in C, C++ or in JAVA.Students from IIIT-Allahabad, IIIT-Hyderabad, IIT-Bombay, Delhi, Kanpur, Kharagpur, Madras, Roorkee, Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, Banares Hindu University, Madras Institute of Technology, National Institute of Technology, AmirKabir University of Technology, Iran to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592396", "title": "Husband booked for 'bigamy'", "text": "GURGAON: A resident of Deerwood Apartments, South City-II, has registered a case with the Sadar police against her husband and in-laws, alleging rape, cheating and fraud. The complainant has alleged that her husband had indulged in bigamy without informing her.The complaint also mentioned a one-sided divorce obtained by her husband in a court in Bermuda in the US.According to police, Neelam Uppal, a resident of Deerwood, 80, Nirvana country, South City-II, has lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station against her husband, in-laws and others. In her complaint, she accused her husband of bigamy and of getting a divorce decree based on a one-sided petition.She alleged that her husband had kept her in the dark and cheated her. She also alleged that he had raped her. In the entire episode, an NRI friend of her husband and the other wife had also played key roles, the complainant said. On the complaint of the victim, the Sadar police lodged an FIR against seven persons including her husband and two women under Sections 376, 493, 415, 416, 418, 450 and 120b of the IPC. The accused were identified as the victim's husband, Ashok Uppal, in-laws Harbans Uppal, Satish Uppal, Tripta Uppal, Vinod Uppal, resident of South City-II, and NRI Rajiv Mehta and his wife Seema Mehta, at present a resident of Franklin Square in New York.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593701", "title": "Goods carriers want exemption from toll", "text": "NASHIK: Now that local private vehicles have been exempted from paying toll at Pimpalgaon on the Mumbai-Agra national highway, owners of local commercial goods carriers too want the same facility. Toll payment was made mandatory from Wednesday.PNG Tollways Ltd that operates the toll plaza has issued smart cards to local motorists within the radius of 20 km from the spot, exempting them from the toll.Matters came to a head at the toll plaza when, on Wednesday around 10 am, a large number of farmers and motorists stormed the toll plaza protesting against collection. Motorists who use their vehicles for commercial purpose were among them.Shiv Sena chief of Pimpalgaon unit, Sanjay More said that the toll fee was unaffordable for residents within the 20 km radius of the toll centre. They take up work like transporting tomatoes and other vegetable in their pickup vans. Local cabbies who ferry passengers in a stretch as short as Pimpalgaon to Kundwadi, which is hardly 12 km, but falls on either side of the toll plaza. More said it was impossible for them to pay the toll every time they passed through the booth.The agitators said their only demand was that the commercial vehicle users be exempted from the toll collection.Meanwhile, More said the agitators spoke to MLA Anil Kadam on phone, who assured to take up the issue in the ongoing winter session of the assembly underway at Nagpur and also meet the senior officials of the company who are based in Nagpur.The agitators said that the decision should be in their favour or they would launch an agitation from December 22. Meanwhile, the rural police had deployed additional police personnel at the toll plaza to prevent any untoward incident. API Andhale of the Pimpalgaon Police Station said that two deputy superintendents, APIs, PSIs and over 50 police constables were deployed from early Wednesday.Against the backdrop of the protest which started from October 1, PNG Tollways, that is widening the 60 km stretch between Pimpalgaon and Gonde, had stopped collection from all vehicles registered in Nashik district. Meanwhile, the company also decided against charging a processing fee of Rs 200 for smart cards from motorists residing within the 20-km radius of the toll plaza, for a free journey.On November 26, the company published a notification that from December 12 it would start collecting toll from all except from the free pass holders. Non-commercial motorists residing within 20 km radius of the toll centre were asked to avail of free passes from the toll collection centre after submitting the documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595779", "title": "Ustad Amjad Ali Khan pays tribute to Pt Ravi Shankar", "text": "Ustad Amjad Ali Khan pays a tribute to Pandit Ravi ShankarListen to the best of Ravi Shankar on gaana.comSo 12.12.12 has done its damage! And what a loss! I just landed in Mumbai for the release of my book on my father and I heard this tragic news. Teenon '12' uthakar le gaye itne bade sitare ko (the number 12 has taken away such a star). Another great classical musician Pandit Manas Chakraborty also passed away on 12.12.12. Both were from Bengal.I used to affectionately call Pandit Ravi Shankar 'Dada ' an elder brother. He was like my Guru Bhai. My wife Subhalakhsmi and Panditji's wife Sukanya are great friends. Sukanya calls my wife 'Akka' , an elder sister. We attended numerous music festivals together. If the sitar is today regarded so highly it's because of Pandit Ravi Shankar. His name is synonymous with the Sitar.Panditji's first guru Ustad Allauddin Khan and my guru Ustad Hafiz Ali Khan saab were \"guru bhais\". Both the Gurus learnt from the same guru from Rampur. They both hailed from the Senia Gharana. So Panditji and I were musically related.On a personal level we were constantly in touch. I've been to his house in the US and India. And he has been to our home many times. Some years ago when I was performing with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, Panditji came and sat in the audience to watch the concert and after the performance he waited outside the green-room to meet me. He possessed all the qualities of a great artiste including humility and grace.I had performed at the concert for his 75th birthday in Los Angeles. In Varanasi, he used to host a music festival every year where I've attended. Panditji was a miracle man. God was really kind to him. He achieved all that he desired to achieve in life. Panditji took Indian classical music to the West. The Beatles played a very important part in his life and music. I think he is the only Indian musician who was known all over the Western hemisphere.The minute one hears the word 'sitar' the name Pandit Ravi Shankar comes to mind. I credit his wife Sukanya for his success. She really took really good care of him. I am sure their daughter Anoushka will carry her father's legacy forward. We're very fortunate that we have 10-12 very talented young sitar players to carry Pandit Ravi Shankar's legacy forward, like Shahid Parvez, Niladri Kumar, Shujaat Khan, etc. And of course Anoushka.The future of sitar is ensured.The tradition of classical music of Miyan Tansen and Swami Haridas will continue. But masters like Pandit Ravi Shankar would never be born again. Khuda kare unki punjee ko bachche hifaazat se rakhen (May God keep the legacy safe and secure).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17596187", "title": "Youth held for sending bulk SMSs", "text": "RAJKOT: A youth was arrested in city under the widely criticized Section 66(A) of the Information Technology Act for sending bulk SMSs countering state finance minister Vajubhai Vala's remarks about the impact of Patel factor in the assembly elections.Police also slapped charges under Section 125 of People's Act (promoting enmity between classes in connection with election) and Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code for sending the SMSs.Patel, a resident of Gitanagar on Dhebar Road, was arrested following a complaint by in charge of BJP's central office in Vala's Rajkot (69) constituency Bhimji Parsana filed on December 10.Vala had reportedly downplayed the Patel factor in an interview with a news channel.According to police, on December 8, Patel sent out SMSs reading what Patel said and ended with \"Jay Khodiyar.\"\"The content of these bulk SMSs can instigate sentiments of certain community against Vala,'' Parsana said in his complaint and stressed that a criminal complaint should be filed against Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17592316", "title": "Printing age of couple on wedding card mandatory", "text": "ROHTAK: Bhiwani administration has made it mandatory for parents to mention the age of the groom and the bride along with their names on the wedding cards to tackle the menace of under-age marriage. The owners of printing presses have been asked to first verify the age using birth certificates and then only print the cards. Bhiwani Deputy Commissioner Ashok Kumar Meena has issued a notice in this regard which is being given to the printing presses operating in the district.The office of the district child protection officer has been roped in as the nodal agency to coordinate with the printing presses. Bhiwani child protection officer (DCPO) Harbans Kaur informed TOI on Wednesday that the administration decided to keep the printing presses in the loop in order to identify the families which are trying to marry off girls or boys at a tender age. The administration has also warned that the action would be taken against printing presses if they print wedding cards of any underage boy or girl.As many as 25 cases of 'child marriages' have come to light in Bhiwani district this year alone and girls as young as 13 were being married. \"We received 29 complaints from anonymous sources about this marriages in which bride or groom were underage. Four of the complaints were false while we directed the families to call off the wedding ceremonies after finding that brides or grooms were underage in 25 cases,\" said Kaur.\"In most of the cases, girls are the victims but we have also detected cases when even boys were being married off at age below the legal marriageable age,\" added Kaur.Santosh Rani, a district official of the all India women democratic association (AIDWA), an NGO, said, \"The girls are still considered as burden in many families and in our society and they want to get rid of them as early as possible. But marrying them at an immature age is akin to subjecting them to cruelty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17593025", "title": "Kansar rips into govt for its anti-panchayat actions", "text": "MARGAO: At the first meeting of all elected members of panchayats and zilla panchayats (ZP) that was held at the Raia panchayat hall on Wednesday to discuss how they should unite and pressurize the government to devolve powers, advocate Amrut Kansar heavily criticized the state government for violating provisions in the Constitution and for insulting Panchayati Raj institutions by its actions.The meeting was attended by around 50 elected panchayat and ZP members, including both the district ZP chairpersons, and they vowed to fight for what was their right as per the Constitution, under the banner of panchayat democratic forum.Earlier, former MLA Vinayak Naik summarized the resentment expressed by several sarpanchas from across Goa that the gram sabha resolutions were not being taken seriously by the government. He also pointed out the government's attitude to Panchayat Raj institutions had not changed in decades.Rachol sarpanch Joseph Vaz pointed out that his panchayat now receives a grant of 12,000 as opposed to the 50,000 they would collect through grants.\"How can the chief minister abolish house tax without consulting the panchayats first?\" asked Naik. Kansar concurred, criticizing the chief minister and successive governments for failing to devolve power to the zilla panchayats and panchayats, and repeated that the decision to abolish house tax was akin to robbing the panchayats of their Constitutional rights.Kansar then launched a powerful attack on what he said were irresponsible statements made by chief ministers and other politicians such as MLAs, MPs and former panchayat raj ministers, who he said downplayed the role of the panchayats in local governance.The other speakers that included social activists such as Soter D'Souza from the Council for Social Justice and Peace, said that it is high time all elected members of all pancahyats and zilla panchayats unite without any interference of any political party to address all issues together, and force the government to amend the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994, as per the Constitution of India and its 73rd Amendment.Kansar, who incidentally has been involved with this agitation for over two decades, further said that blame also lay on former members of parliament, who he said had failed to represent Goa adequately in Parliament, and who could have got the requisite amendments. He pointed out that Goa, being the smallest state, was allowed to have 40 MLAs as opposed to the minimum number of 60 MLAs per state, but that did not stop them from getting the same amount of funds for the state as other states get. Using that argument, Kansar stated that similarly, there should be a finance commission constituted in the state and there should be devolution of powers and funds to the ZP as is the practice in other states. \"There should not only be proper delegation of powers and funds, but also manpower, and why is it that panchayats have to share panchayat secretaries or the panchayat members have to beg the government to give them funds,\" asked D'souza.He said that it was very important for the ZPs to get their powers, and that under the district planning comittee which would take into account ward development plans of every panchayat, they could present to the government their regional plan for the state. It was also discussed that panchayats should be earning more income from land revenue tax, road tax and excise tax, which they could use to carry out development works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592916", "title": "Jaya announces 3 lakh solatium", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday announced a solatium of 3 lakh each to the bereaved families of five policemen, including three who were killed in road accidents. She expressed her condolences to the families of special sub-inspectors Kallan of Nilgiris, Thulasi of Tiruvallur and Radhakrishnan of Trichy.Jayalalithaa also expressed shock over the deaths of Sathishkumar and Krishnappa, who were killed in wild elephant attacks at Valparai in Coimbatore district and Thenkannikottai block in Krishnagiri district last week and ordered a solatium of 3 lakh to each of the bereaved families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17596315", "title": "Warrants against LIT officer", "text": "LUDHIANA: The State Information Commission (SIC), through its orders dated December 5, directed the Ludhiana commissioner of police to serve bailable warrant on Avtar Singh Azad, executive officer, Ludhiana Improvement Trust (LIT), for appearing before the SIC bench on January 16, 2013.The bailable warrant was issued for Azad's failure to appear before the commission and produce the desired record, despite issuance of notices to him in a case filed by city resident Arvind Sharma.SBS Nagar resident Sharma had requested information under the Right to Information Act from Azad, the public information officer of LIT, regarding the recovery of the outstanding amount on the various commercial and residential plots allotted by the authority between January 1, 2000 and December 31, 2011. State information commissioner Narinderjit Singh issued the bailable warrant against Azad last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592610", "title": "65 incidents of near-misses in air reported in 3 years: Ajit Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ever-growing air traffic in India seems to have made the sky here a risky place to be in.The past three years have seen two aircraft come dangerously close to each other as many as 65 times. And the reasons for these close shaves are even scarier, ranging from confusion caused by similar call signs of flights to radar failure and fatigue!Disclosing this in a reply to Lok Sabha on Wednesday, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh said a number of corrective steps have been taken to \"avert recurrence of such incidents\" in future.Singh said that the main findings of the airprox investigations found seven major causes. These include: hu-man error by air traffic control and pilot; coordination failure like late or non-re-ceipt of flight level change; radar failure; failure to get message properly leading to pilot climbing or descending to a wrong level; a trainee ATC working and his or her instructor getting late in correcting a mistake and \"heavy traffic leading to stress and fatigue\".The minister listed that a number of steps have been taken to avoid airprox.Air traffic control systems are being modernized to give conflict warning in case of an emergency. Corrective training is being given to ATCs and pilots. \"Airlines have been directed to avoid use of similar/confusing call signs,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593110", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation teeters on brink of fiscal collapse", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) top brass is struggling come out of the trident light muddle unscathed, here comes a 'red alert' from its finance department.It is learnt that the civic authorities have sounded an alarm bell and urged all officials to strike a balance between the earning and the expenditure. If steps are not taken immediately, the civic body won't be able to pay salaries to around 30,000 staffers on time in January, it has been said.\"We are passing through one of the worst financial crisis in recent years. A dwindling revenue earning and a simultaneous rise in expenditure have pushed the KMC to the brink of a financial collapse. If we fail to check the situation, we will not be in a position to offer salaries to our employees on time next month,\" said a senior official of the KMC revenue department.That the situation was going out of hand was first indicated by Debatosh Dasgupta, the Controller of Municipal Finance and Accounts (CMFA). In a letter sent to municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed recently, he had mentioned clearly that unless attempts were made to boost revenue collection, the financial situation would nosedive.In his letter, Dasgupta had suggested some austerity measures like restrictions on grant of rampant overtime allowances and car-hire charges. And to raise revenue, the CMFA had suggested the civic top brass to crack down on major property tax defaulters, ask the state government to enhance the KMC's share of entertainment tax, pay a part of the motor vehicles tax, among other measures.Despite collecting Rs 259.29 crore from the property tax waiver scheme, the economic situation of the civic body has not improved. While the KMC has a balance of Rs 494.20 crore in bank accounts, including a fixed deposit of Rs 255.00 crore, the general account (revenue and deposit fund) shows a balance of Rs 93.54 crore. However, current liabilities on general account stand at Rs 373.73 crore. This means that the civic body needs to earn Rs 280.19 crore to tide over the crisis. The KMC needs to pay Rs 233.73 to the CESC and Rs 140.33 crore to the contractors immediately.After Trinamool came to power last year, it implemented various beautification projects - riverfront beautification, installation of tridents, painting the city white and blue, beautifying the road medians - spending crores. This has adversely impacted the civic body's financial health, according to a section of the KMC employees.While funds were flowing out of KMC coffers steadily, the civic top brass did not bother to raise revenue accordingly. On the contrary, they took various steps that went against the interest of the civic body. For example, the license department had stopped taking fines from traders for late deposit of fee for renewal of trade licenses. \"Earlier, we would charge penalty from any trader who would deposit fee six months after the deadline. Now, we have withdrawn the deadline giving a scope to more than 6 lakh traders to enjoy renewal of the licenses at their own will,\" said a KMC license department official. This apart, revenue from the KMC advertisement department has gone down following the decision not to carry raids on illegal hoardings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596100", "title": "Locals of Hathigawan village protest against erratic power supply", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Locals of Hathigawan village protested at the office of superintending engineer distribution on Wednesday against erratic power supply.Congress leader Umesh Tiwari said residents are angry over the decision of the power department to connect the electricity supply of only half of the village with the urban power supply while the remaining half would be provided electricity by the rural feeder. On the other hand those connected with the rural feeder are facing acute problem owing to erratic power supply. They demanded that the power department should connect the remaining half with the urban feeder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592787", "title": "CM lays foundation of roads, bridges schemes on 12.12.12", "text": "PATNA: When Patnaites were busy doing something extraordinary to get this date, 12.12.12, remembered throughout their life, CM Nitish Kumar too could not keep himself away from doing some 'constructive' work for the development of the sate. He announced new roads and bridges schemes worth Rs 1,212 crore each for rural works department (RWD) and road construction department (RCD) after laying the foundation stones online.Last year on 11.11.11, the CM had granted sanction for prosecution of 11 corrupt officers to mark the momentous date. \"The two events show the firm commitment of my government towards its fight against corruption and ensuring development with justice,\" Kumar said.As per the data provided by the two departments, the RWD will spend its Rs 1,212 crore on construction and renovation of 565 rural roads, having total length of 1,162 kms, and 119 new bridges, while the RCD will spend the amount on construction of 95 roads, measuring 827 km, and 79 road bridges.After formally inaugurating schemes worth Rs 2,424 crore at a specially organized function in 'Samvad' auditorium here, the CM said celebration of such momentous dates gave a new colour to our lives. \"It is a coincidence that both departments have prepared schemes worth Rs 1,212 crore each for inauguration on this special date which will come again only after a thousand years. I presume that department officials had intentionally made plans for Rs 1,212 crore just to put 1212 in the scheme,\" the CM said amid gales of laughter among audience.While highlighting importance of roads and bridges in social life, the CM asked RWD and RCD ministers Bhim Singh and Nand Kishore Yadav respectively, who were sitting on the dais, to prepare a comprehensive 'maintenance policy' for roads to ensure regular and time-bound upkeep of roads which were constructed during the last five to six years. \"Both departments should prepare road maintenance standards and schedules otherwise maintenance works will be contractors-driven. In the absence of a policy for road maintenance, clever contractors will drive major budgetary allocations in their respective zones, while actual dilapidated roads may be left unattended,\" the CM said.As soon as the CM ended his speech, the woman announcer drew attention of the audience towards wall clock, saying, \"Look, it is 12 noon.\" The CM promptly intervened saying, \"It is now nearing at 12.12 pm and I will deliberately extend my speech so that I could conclude around 12.12 pm.\" The audience again burst into laughter.After the CM's speech, RWD's principal secretary B Rajender rose to propose traditional vote of thanks. While Rajender was delivering his customary speech, the CM prompted him asking let's end the speech as clock has already reached to 12.12 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592456", "title": "Mercury dips, no further fall this weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: The mercury further dipped on Wednesday, indicating that it will not get chiller in the coming weekend. It dipped by a degree and no further dip is expected.\"As of now, we expected a western disturbance to come over the northern areas within Jammu &amp; Kashmir, UP and Rajasthan. The winds are still in the northerly position. We do not expect temperatures to fall further. Compared to yesterday, the temperature dipped by a degree to 17.8 from yesterday's 18.6 degrees,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast.Rajeev said western disturbances were low pressure weather systems, which originated from central Asia that led to a dip in temperatures in the northern region.While the minimum temperature was 17.8 degrees Celsius on Wednesday afternoon, it dipped by 1 Celsius compared to Tuesday. The Met department said the temperatures for Thursday will remain the same as that of Wednesday. On November 19, the minimum temperature was 14.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592453", "title": "Port trust wants Rs 157cr for use of its airspace", "text": "MUMBAI: Probably for the first time in the history of real estate deals, an agency has put a cost on the sky. The Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT) wants Rs 157 crore from the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) for use of its airspace. A certain portion of the 22-km Nhava-Sewri sea link, or the Mumbai trans-harbour link, is proposed to be built on MbPT land. But with the MbPT's latest demand, finding funds for the link, whose cost estimate has been steadily increasing (it is Rs 9,600 crore at present), seems to have become an even more difficult task. Besides the one-time airspace premium, MbPT has asked for Rs 122.4 crore for permanent acquisition of its land and waters for the construction of pillars and other objects.The MMRDA is in the last leg of finalizing a developer for the project. On Tuesday, an empowered committee of ministers at the Centre cleared the project. The only formality left is the Union finance ministry's consent for project money.The MbPT demand includes the condition to renew rent or/and premium after 30 years. If the MMRDA is not found to be interested in the payment of this premium as per ready reckoner rates, the MbPT has another option for it: the MMRDA can deposit a one-time security of Rs 35.60 crore and pay an annual rent of Rs 5.34 crore for 30 years, but the MbPT will have the power to renew these after 30 years.Senior MMRDA officials said that since the link would benefit the port trust the most, it should not have sought such high premiums or rent, which will further burden an already-capital-intensive project.\"We are going to make a request before the Centre to waive off this amount, as the port area's market value will increase manifold due to the trans-harbour link project. Similarly, the link will facilitate fast movement of the port trust's cargo from the main land to the peninsular region,\" said a senior MMRDA official, according to whom the project would decongest Mumbai by bringing the main land closer than ever. \"Even migratory birds and aircraft move through the MbPT's airspace. Hence, the demand for a premium from us is illogical and makes no sense.\"The link has the clearance of the Union environment ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17591402", "title": "'It defied the law'", "text": "These (litigant land) denotifications defied the law. It was done even while many cases challenging the acquisition had been pending in the courts. From June 1948 to February 2010, 34,527 acres of land were been notified to form 54 layouts. But as of April 2012, the possession of only 19,049.02 acres (44%) was taken. The land has to be taken for possession two years from the date of final notification. A huge shortfall in taking possession of the land created scope for denotification of the land notified for public purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595622", "title": "Rajini unites Jaya, MK", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth celebrated hi 62 birthday yesterday and was wished by friends and fans from across the world. If there was one force in the world that could even unite arch rivals of Tamil Nadu politics, it's none other than the Superstar himself.Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and DMK president M Karunanidhi, stood united in wishing the Superstar a happy birthday. A huge number of fans swelled at the high security zone Poes Garden area, where Rajini's residence is located, the Superstar addressed them from a specially erected stage.Urging them to approach things positively and to respect their parents a lot, Rajini also said that he was thankful to his fans for showering loads on love on him. He also assured his fans that ' Kochadaiyaan ' directed by his daughter will hit the screens in a couple of months time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17593036", "title": "City gears up for arts &amp; literary fest from today", "text": "PANAJI: The stage is set for the third edition of the Goa Arts and Literary Festival, 2012, to be held in the city on Thursday with participation from acclaimed artistes, poets and writers.An initiative of the International Center, Goa (ICG), the festival will focus on getting a maximum number of youngsters to attend it. Nandini Sahai, director of ICG, said, \"The organizers have written to colleges asking them to send 10 students each, with an interest in art and culture.\" ICG has gone out of its way to ensure that youth make the most of this festival and use it as an opportunity to meet creative minds in the fields of literature and art.The 2012 edition seeks to build on its previous accomplishments by prominently showcasing Kashmiri culture alongside big names and international stars who get together at this festival each year.Lord Meghnad Desai , Meera Kosambi, Sudhir Kakar, Anushka Ravi Shankar , Jerry Pinto, Tavlin Singh, Kiran Nagarkar and Kishwar Dessai are among those who have been invited for the festival, which will have a special attraction for children. On December 15 and 16 between 4pm and 7pm, there will a special programme for children at the municipal garden and will be conducted by Sujata Noronha of Bookworm.Spread over five days from December 13 till the 17, the confluence of art and literature will be inaugurated at Kala Academy at 5pm by eminent writers Mridula Garg and Eunice De Souza. The chief guest will be the governor of Goa, Bharat Vir Wanchoo, and the guests of honour will be state chief minister Manohar Parrikar and J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah.The inauguration will be followed by the release of 'Adi Parva' by Amruta Patil, an award-winning graphic novelist, at the hands of Vidya Dehejia. The opening ceremony, which is open to everyone, will be followed by a solo performance by world-renowned soprano Patricia Rosario, supported by Mark Troop and Amar Mucchala.The festival will be spread over four locations-ICG, Kala Academy, Azad Maidan and the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591695", "title": "5 children killed in east Delhi wall collapse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five children, aged 2-6 years, were killed as a 17-foot boundary wall collapsed on them in east Delhi, on Wednesday morning. Another child is battling for life at a city hospital.Police said the wall gave way in Dallupura Village behind Dharamshila Hospital in New Ashok Nagar. This is the fourth such structure collapse in Delhi and NCR in the last three days.\"We received a PCR call at 9.52am and sent a rescue team, but all the victims had been rescued by locals and rushed to the Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital in Kalyanpuri,\" said Rajan Bhagat, additional DCP (PRO).He said the wall was being built on one side of a 1,000 sq yard plot and was three feet short of its final height of 20 feet. \"The wall was just about 25 days old. An earthmover was flattening the earth around the wall. However, after Tuesday's rain, the wall could not withstand the vibration caused by the machine and fell on the children,'' Bhagat said.The deceased were children of poor labourers who live in the compound where the wall stood.\"We have been living here for the past 12 years and pay Rs 1,120 each, per month,\" said Sadhan Haldar, who lost his son. He alleged the owner had been trying to build illegal godowns on the plot and the wall was meant to enclose one such facility.Haldar had just started from home on Wednesday morning when he heard a deafening sound. His son Amrit, who was playing with tops, was trapped under the rubble. \"He was bleeding heavily and my neighbours rushed him to hospital. But the doctors pronounced him dead,'' said Haldar. \"I ran out of my room to find my two children, Ankit and Baby, trapped under the debris,\" said Mithlesh, Haldar's neighbour.Police, fire department officials and members of Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) who visited the spot blamed the wall's weak construction for the collapse. \"They were constructing a wall illegally and technical standards were not followed,\" said deputy commissioner B M Mishra. The east Delhi corporation said the incident did not happen in its jurisdiction.Bijender Gujjar, the plot owner; Bhanwar Singh, the building contractor, and Sunil, his sub-contractor, fled after the collapse. Police have registered cases under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), Section 288 (negligent conduct with respect to pulling down or repairing buildings), 336 (doing any act which endangers human life or the personal safely of others), 338 (causing grievous hurt) and 341 (wrongful restraint) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17596092", "title": "Girl ends life, dad kills her lover's mom", "text": "Alappuzha: A love affair claimed two lives in Punnapra here on Wednesday, with a teenage girl committing suicide and her father hacking her lover's mother to death in retaliation. The incidents happened within an hour.Haritha (17), the girl, was found hanging from a ceiling fan at her house around 9.30 am, following which her father Haridas went to her lover Aneesh's house and hacked his mother Padmini to death.Punnapra police circle inspector Shajimon Joseph said Haritha was in love with Aneesh (21) for the past seven months.\"Haritha was a plus-two student of Aravukadu higher secondary school and her parents had stopped her studies around three months ago after coming to know about the affair.\"Haritha, the daughter of Haridas and Jyothi (Mini), was a resident of ward 10 in Punnapra North grama panchayat while Aneesh, an electrician, belonged to ward 3 in Punnapra South grama panchayat.Aneesh had gone to Haritha's house around 9 am. \"Haritha and her mother were present at the house. He told Jyothi that he wanted to marry the girl, to which she replied that they would consider marrying off their daughter only after she turned 18. Aneesh entered into an argument with Jyothi, following which the latter asked him to leave the house. Upon his return, Haritha entered her room and hanged herself,\" the police officer said.Haridas, an aluminum utensils manufacturer, came home around 9.30 am.\"He found Haritha hanging in her room. They rushed her to Alappuzha medical college hospital but could not save her life.\" The circle inspector said Haridas later went to Aneesh's house with a sword.\"Only Aneesh's mother Padmini (50) was there. He entered into an argument with her, following which she was hacked. Her neighbours rushed Padmini also to the medical college hospital, but she was declared dead on arrival at the hospital,\" Shajimon said.Police later arrested Haridas from Punnapra.The bodies were handed over to families after completing the formalities at Alappuzha general hospital.Haritha's funeral was held on her house premises around 6 pm while the funeral of Padmini will be held around 10 am on Thursday. Police said the families were ready to conduct the wedding after the girl turned 18 but the lovers were not willing to wait. Police have registered cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17592256", "title": "Ravi Shankar, the sitarist who came in from the East", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593606", "title": "SC vacates stay on construction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Supreme Court on Wednesday vacated the stay on the construction of the Pinjore-Kalka urban complex near Panchkula. A division bench comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice S J Mukhopadhaya passed the orders while dismissing petitions filed by people whose land was acquired in the area.The orders have paved the way for various housing projects of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) and some private real estate companies.On April 19, 2012, the SC stayed construction in Pinjre-Kalka Urban Complex, a project of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda). While staying the project in April this year, SC pointed out serious irregularities in the implementation of the Pinjore-Kalka Urban Complex project of the Haryana Urban Development Authority and observed that the acquisition of land is prima facie not as per the provisions laid down in the Land Acquisition Act 1894.While staying the project in April this year, SC pointed out serious irregularities in the implementation of the Pinjore-Kalka Urban Complex project and observed that the acquisition of land is prima facie not as per the provisions laid down in the Land Acquisition Act 1894. The complex comprises 31 new sectors over 476-acres. These include residential, commercial and industrial areas on both sides of National Highway 22 between Pinjore and Kalka.Petitioners in this case alleged that the Haryana government adopted pick-and-choose policy at the time of release of land and even after finalising land to be acquired (Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act), a major chunk of land was released by the government to private builders for undue benefits. The state government had issued the 2007 notification for acquiring land for the said project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592159", "title": "Timetable for RTE quota admissions announced", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has announced the dates for schools to grant free admissions as mandated under the Right To Education Act (RTE). The entire process will be completed between January 1 and February 20. The announcement of this timetable, which needs to be implemented, is seen as stand taken by the state to ensure that the act is followed properly.The 2012-13 academic session was almost a mess with many schools reopening their admissions to fulfil the RTE quota, hence the education department wanted to formulate a timetable for the act's implementation.From January 1-10, the local education department has been asked to form a district-level monitoring committee for overseeing the admission process. Also, authorities have been asked to upload all RTE details on their website so that prospective applicants can clarify their doubts. From January 11-30, all private schools will have to start distributing admission forms and put details on their notice board.From February 1-15, admissions forms will be scrutinized. If a form is rejected then the school will have to assign reasons for it and notify the parents within three days. Schools will also have to inform the local education officials.The actual admission process will be done between February 16 and 20. The government has reiterated that if the applications are more than the number of seats available then lottery system will have to be followed.The local education department has already kick-started the process to ensure that the city again fares well in RTE admission. On Wednesday, deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar met with some principals to oversee the formation of school management committees and discuss plans for a centralized admission process. The next meeting will be held soon after the winter session concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595528", "title": "Woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found in drain", "text": "KANPUR: The unclothed body of an unidentified 35-year-old woman was found in a roadside drain under Govindnagar police station here on Wednesday morning. After being informed of the body by locals, the police conducted preliminary investigation and sent the body to the mortuary. They also questioned locals of the area to ascertain the victim's identity to no avail.The police then cross-checked the missing persons details in their records as well as nearby police stations,' but even that proved to be of no help. Police said the body was in a decomposed state when found. Prima facie it appeared the woman had been murdered somewhere else and her body was dumped in the drain.The investigating official said postmortem report will provide further information. \"We have kept the body in the morgue and are waiting for the woman's family members to come and identify her,\" said a police officer. He said the possible reasons behind the killing could be a love affair or an illicit relationship.\"The city's outskirts with desolate stretches are becoming dumping sites. It was easy for perpetrators of the crime to dispose of the body here,\" said Kamlesh, a social activist.5 die in road mishap: Five people including two motorcyclists were killed and three others were critically injured in a road mishap on Tuesday in Chitrakoot district.The accident triggered anger among locals in Dehundha village and villagers staged a massive demonstration and road blockade. Tension gripped the area and extra police force was deployed along the entire stretch of Allahabad-Karwi road. Police said, an empty truck coming from Allahabad lost control and after hitting two motorcyclists rammed into a road-side grocery shop belonging to one Awdhesh.The deceased, have been identified as Devi Sharan Tripathi (50) and Jitendra Mishra (24), both residents of Itwan, Julekha (55) of Muslimpurwa, Dinesh (28), a resident of Dehundha and Anand Shukla (17) of Rampur.\"Devi Sharan and Jitendra, who were riding on a two-wheeler died on the spot. Three injured including, Julekha, Dinesh and Anand Shukla, who sustained serious injuries succumbed at the hospital,\" said a Circle Officer Satyaveer Singh. The locals also demanded necessary compensation to the kin of the deceased.Police said that a case against the truck driver has been registered. \"The cops have launched a hunt to nab the absconding truck driver,\" he said. Police have sent the bodies for postmortem.25-yr-old girl commits suicide: A 25-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide after being reprimanded by her parents over a petty issue in Bhuganiyapur village under Akbarpur Kotwali police station of Kanpur Dehat on late Tuesday night.According to the police, Shobha daughter of Ram Khilawan of Bhuganiyapur committed suicide by hanging herself. House-inmates found Shobha hanging from the ceiling of her room on Wednesday morning and rushed her to the hospital where she was declared brought dead.The police said no suicide note was, however, recovered from her. The police later sent the body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17591905", "title": "Gurgaon ICU firing: One dies, 3 arrested", "text": "GURGAON: A day after armed assailants brazenly opened fire in the ICU of Sunrise Hospital on Khandsa Road, Joginder, one of the two critically injured persons, succumbed to his injuries while his father was battling for life, even as Gurgaon police said they had arrested three accused in the case on Wednesday.The third person injured in the shooting, Shivraj, escaped with minor injuries.Joginder alias Jony died in hospital late on Tuesday night while his father, Satbir Singh Raghav, has been shifted to RML hospital in Delhi.The arrested persons were identified as two brothers, Dinesh and Raju, residents of Khandsa village, and Manoj Singh alias Aaloo, brother of main accused Basant alias Fauji. Manoj had sustained injuries during the clash before the shootout and was being given treatment in Civil Hospital while in police custody. The main accused and others are still at large, said a senior police officer.\"The hospital shooting case was the result of personal enmity between two groups that had started one and a half years ago. We have arrested three accused in this connection. Our teams are conducting raids in different places to nab the other accused. All the accused will be behind bars soon,\" K K Sindhu, Gurgaon commissioner of police said.The hospital incident followed a skirmish at the local court, where the trio had gone for a hearing in an old property dispute case with the attackers.The father-son duo were first referred to Medicity Medanta Hospital, where Joginder succumbed to injuries. After the death, Satbir was shifted to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital in Delhi by the family members to conceal the news of his son's death from him for the time being.Rajinder Singh, uncle of deceased Joginder, said: \"Joginder's body arrived in Khandsa village around 4pm after which funeral rites were performed by the family members\". Speaking about his brother Satbir's condition, he said, \"My brother is battling for life in Delhi hospital, he is still unaware about his son's death. We didn'tell him as he might die of shock.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17592914", "title": "'Robu, surely you've not forgotten...!'", "text": "Hoye gelo. Over. But he hasn't gone - Robu shesh hoye jayeni. He is there and he will be there... in all our tomorrows.Ravi Shankar's sitar taught the world what Indian Classical ragas are all about. Indian music is eternal - saswat. It is universal - world music. Robu, Ananda, (Uday) Shankar, they don't go away. But there are times when I feel like asking God: Why am I still around? I ask God - although I've never met him - because today I have lost a brother, a friend, a colleague in the demise of one person: Ravi Shankar.In 1930, I was merely 11 when my father Akshay Nandi took me to Paris for an International Colonial Exhibition. Baba used to bring out a magazine named Matri Mandir where writers like Ashapurna Devi, Mankumari Devi, Radharani Devi were all regulars. In the Indian pavilion Baba had mounted an exhibition of our handiwork - the term 'handicraft' had yet to add value to such work. One day we were surprised by the visit of some Indians in suits and trousers who were introduced to us as \"Uday Shankar\" and \"Timir Baran\". Now, although I'd heard a lot about Uday Shankar and his work with Indian dance, I was taken aback as I was expecting someone old with snow-white, flowing beard a la Rabindranath.While leaving he invited us to his house where his mother and brothers were staying. That's where I first met Robu. A year younger to me, he came out of a room, still trying to tuck in the string of his pajamas! From the very first moment I got a brother and a friend. His mother took me under her wings: she draped me in a sari and tied my long hair. I spent the weekend with them and was dropped back on a Monday. Later that week we went to watch Uday Shankar perform with his troupe - and was left speechless.Long 81 years have passed since that visit to Paris. I did not return to France until this May, when I went to Cannes for the screening of the restored Kalpana. Meanwhile my father, who initially said 'no' to my dancing as I was good at writing, agreed to send me to Almora where Uday Shankar proposed to me, we got married, we made Kalpana, Ananda and Mamata were born....Through all these years, Robu has remained a brother, friend, companion. We played together, we danced together, we made music together, we read Ramayan together, we would share ideas and thoughts. That's why, every time we met, at whatever age, he'd say, \"Boudi, you remember that day...?\" or \"Boudi, surely you haven't forgotten that time...!\"One day in Almora Shankar was concerned. \"Where've you been?\" he asked Robu and me. We'd gone out for a walk in the jungles and lost track of time! Sometimes he'd be dushtu, naughty. A photographer wanted to take a photo of us together. He suddenly posed like Krishna with his flute. I responded by becoming Radha. I think this is the best encapsulation of our friendship. I used to challenge him: \"Tell me, do you have a more affectionate bond with any other person?\" No, he'd agree, no one else was friend and sister rolled into one.Robu always said, he had two gurus - Uday Shankar and Baba Allauddin Khan. From his elder brother Robu had mastered his showmanship: he knew what, and how much, to play, where. Uday Shankar loved Western music but he gave Robu to Baba's care. When he married Annapurna, I decked her up in bridal finery although I was still not married. Years later, one day Annapurna was complaining that Robu is deviating from Baba's signature music. \"That's all!\" I said. \"You've married the younger brother, I, the elder. If you find five faults in Robu, I can find seven. Instead, why don't you see the qualities that have endeared him to all?\"In Uday Shankar's troupe there were 360 Indian instruments though we toured with only 130! Robu learnt the strength of each of these. That is why he could create Vrinda Gaan (Choral Music) for AIR. In Kalpana, there's a sequence where he used dekchi, handi, pitcher etc to create the robust 'noisy' music of street kids.Ravi Shankar could understand Uday Shankar's talent, and he understood Robu's. This came out when we staged Samanya Kshati to mark Tagore Centenary in 1961, at Nehru's behest. \"Got it!\" Shankar had said soon as I recited the poem. But the subject was difficult to translate into a dance drama. When the Queen of Kashi sets afire some jhuggis to warm herself after a bath in the Ganga, the king banished her from the palace until she rebuilds them. But how to show realisation dawning on the repentant queen? How to translate Tagore's introspective lines into movement when Shankar never used words?That's where Robu's music stepped in. The minute I recited the line Robu, whose sitar was playing the queen's dialogue while Ali Akbar's sarod was speaking for the king, stopped in his track. \"Repeat it exactly as you spoke!\" he urged. I did so, and he played the bols in his gayaki-ang, giving birth to a masterpiece.Although in its sunset years, Robu and his brothers were born into a zamindar family where it was routine for them to be served six kinds of meat with 16 bottles of alcohol evening. I came from a rural background where we routinely had milk and flattened rice (chira) for breakfast. But we never had any gulf in our lives because we were knit together by the values and common ideals of eternal India.That bond will continue beyond our lives.(As told to Ratnottama Sengupta by Amala Shankar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17593663", "title": "Kadalundi to restart jhankar service", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kadalundi grama panchayat will soon float tender to entrust a new contractor to resume jhankar service which was stopped after the port department had expressed apprehension over the safe ferry of people across river Chaliyar.An inspection conducted by the port department had found that the jhankar service operated by a private party based in Ponnani lacked enough security measures. Though the service was resumed in October on conditional consent it was discontinued in November. The jhankar, which used to ferry thousands of commuters and vehicles weighing up to 150 tonnes daily between Beypore and Chaliyam, was made joining three country boats.The decision to float tender to resume the service was taken at an emergency meeting of the Kadalundi grama panchayat held two days ago. People have been finding it difficult to reach Kozhikode city after the stalling of the service. They need to travel more than 10km to reach the city after the cancellation of the service. The meeting also decided to terminate the service of the existing contractor.\"The grama panchayat is planning to resume the jhankar service at the earliest. The service will be resumed after ensuring that it has met all the safety conditions stipulated by the port department,\" said Kadalundi grama panchayat secretary P K Rajashekaran. The grama panchayat is also considering a proposal to purchase own jhankar to ensure round-the-clock service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592151", "title": "Hubby booked for woman's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after 31-year-old woman Suchita Potfode hanged herself after poisoning her seven-year-old son Archit, Hudkeshwar police have booked her husband Umesh Potfode, a sub-station officer at MSEB Khaperkheda unit.Police registered an offence against Umesh following a complaint lodged by Yogesh Wanve, Suchita's brother, late on Tuesday night.Suchita, a homemaker, was found hanging by the ceiling fan with Archit's lifeless body on the bed at their Bante layout, Hudkeshwar home on Tuesday morning. A suicide note, in which no one was blamed for the suicide, was found on the table. However, police suspected something fishy.Yogesh alleged that Umesh had been physically and mentally harassing Suchita for dowry and property demands since their marriage in 2004. Umesh was also eyeing Suchita's share in her father's property, Yogesh charged. When the torture became unbearable, Suchita took the extreme step, he said.In a separate case, police have also booked Suchita for murdering Archit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591868", "title": "May impose damages for Gorshkov delay: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: The delivery of aircraft carrier Admiral Gorshkov to the Indian Navy has been delayed to the last quarter of next year, defence minister A K Antony told Parliament, even as he hinted that India could look at imposing 'liquidated damages' on Russia for the delay.Delivery of the carrier \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rechristened INS Vikramaditya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was slated for this month under an already revised schedule. \"Earlier, the original delivery date/schedule was revised from August 2008 to December 2012,\" Antony told the Rajya Sabha, in a formal admission that the carrier would be in Indian waters only by around the end of 2013.The minister also for the first time hinted that the government was well awake to the possibility of imposing 'liquidated damages' on Russia. He said, \"Liquidated damages (LD) clause for delays in delivery is incorporated in the contract. As per contract, LD is to be ascertained and levied within six months of ship's delivery,\" the minister said.India had signed the deal with Russia to procure Admiral Gorshkov for $947 million in 2004. The deal for the 45,000-tonne carrier was later revised to $ 2.3 billion. The original plan was for the carrier to join the Indian Navy by 2008.\"As informed by the Russian side, the delivery of the aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya (Gorshkov), after completion of repairs and sea trials, would be made in the last quarter of 2013,\" Antony said. He said the carrier was subjected to extensive trials between June 8 and September 23, 2012, with a part of the Indian crew on board undergoing training.\"While a substantial scope of ship's equipment and aviation trials were completed during this period, the main propulsion plant trials to full power could not be completed due to defects encountered on boiler section. Rectification of the defect is likely to take six months,\" the minister told the House.\"The Russian side has been requested to take up necessary measures to ensure delivery of ship in the last quarter of 2013,\" Antony added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17593896", "title": "House changes shape to match the weather", "text": "LONDON: British architects have proposed the concept of 'smart' houses that can metamorphosize into eight different configurations to adapt to seasonal, meteorological and even astronomical conditions.For instance, in the summer plan, bedroom one faces east and watches the Sun rise as its inhabitant wakes up. It can then rotate so that the user is constantly in sunlight, while the house generates energy through its solar panels.The revolutionary house is based on the work of an early 20th century mathematician who discovered a way to dissect a square and rearrange its parts into an equilateral triangle.The flexibility of the house allows adaptation from winter to summer and day to night by literally moving inside itself. Thick heavy external walls unfold into internal walls allowing glass walls to become facades; doors can become windows, and vice versa.The layout consists of two bedrooms, an openplan living room and a bathroom, but it too can be adapted to suit the needs of different living situations.British architects David Grunberg and Daniel Woolfson launched the D Haus company to develop the concept. The shapeshifting home was first conceived as part Grunberg's graduation project.The design, called 'D Dynamic' , is based on the work of English author and mathematician Henry Dudeney, a leading puzzle creator, wo in 1903 invented a way to cut an equilateral triangle into four pieces that could be rearranged into a square, a conundrum he dubbed the 'Haberdasher's Puzzle' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596536", "title": "National health portal launched", "text": "RANCHI: Do you want a one-stop solution for your healthcare needs? Now, the entire healthcare system will be under one roof where people from any part of the country can easily avail of the services. This is possible through a national healthcare portal, www.aabhaar.in launched by an NGO, Aabhaar, on Wednesday.The website has a database of entire medical facilities (hospitals, doctors, pharmacies, ambulances, health workers and blood banks) of the country. A facility to book a doctor's appointments online is also available so that people can take an appointment of the doctor. The portal is in English but translated in Bengali, Gujrati, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Telegu and Urdu. There is also a plan to connect the people with different healthcare schemes launched by the government.A mobile version of the portal is available for rural people too. \"People in the rural areas do not have internet facility but the mobile penetration is quite large due to which people there would not face any difficulty in accessing this facility,\" said Shirish Saurabh, the CEO and founder of the portal. Saurabh also said an Aabhaar card had also been designed to which allows the card holder to avail of discounts on health services with which a tie-up with the establishment. \"Near the billing counter, there will be a sticker saying 'we support Aabhaar' and the card holder can get a discount of 10% on all medical facilities or drugs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17591131", "title": "Bishnoi applies for bail again", "text": "JODHPUR: After his bail was rejected previously, one of the main accused in the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, has again sought bail from the court. He had moved an application in the ACJM (SC/ST cases) court on which his counsels completed the arguments on Wednesday.His counsel Hemant Nahta argued in the court that despite surgery for Hernia, he has not recovered and his health continues to deteriorate. \"His condition has not improved and he's not fit to stay in jail,\" argued Nahta in the court.Senior special counsel for CBI Ashok Joshi said we were provided with the documents of his treatment on Wednesday and will study them before filing our reply in the court on Thursday. \"They have been seeking his bail on health grounds and have argued in the court that despite three surgeries, his condition has not improved and he might have to be taken to Mumbai for further treatment,\" told Joshi.It may be recalled that Bishnoi had been exempted from appearing in the court in August after he pleaded the court to get operated in Fortis Hospital in Jaipur. Since then Bishnoi had been resting in the hospital. He was discharged from the hospital last week and sent back to the Ajmer jail. His earlier plea for bail had been rejected by the same court.On the other hand, another main accused and the sacked minister Mahipal Maderna is also admitted in a local hospital. He was permitted by the court on November 8 to seek treatment at a local private hospital, which was objected by the prosecution.EomJodhpur: After rejection previously, one of the main accused of the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi case, Malkhan Singh Bishnoi has again sought bail from the court. He had moved an application in the ACJM (SC/ST cases) court, on which his counsels completed the arguments on Wednesday.His counsel Hemant Nahta argued in the court that despite the surgery of Hernia, he has not recovered yet and his condition continued to deteriorate. \"His condition has not improved and not fit for him to stay in jail\", argued Nahta in the court.Senior Special Counsel for CBI, Ashok Joshi told that we had been provided the documents of his treatment today and will study them before filing our reply in the court on Thursday. \"They have been seeking his bail on the health grounds and have argued in the court that despite 3 surgeries, his condition has not improved and he might have to be taken to Mumbai for effective treatment\", told Joshi.It may be recalled that, Bishnoi had been exempted from appearing in the court in August on the ground of his pray from the court to get operated in Fortis Hospital in Jaipur. Since then, Bishnoi had been resting in the hospital and had been discharged from the hospital last week. After that, he was sent back to Ajmer jail. His earlier plea for bail has been rejected by the same court.On the other hand, another main accused and the sacked minister Mahipal Maderna is also admitted in a local hospital. He was allowed by the court on 8 November to get treated in a local private hospital, which was objected by the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592214", "title": "Thakre indirectly targets Gadkari on SIT row", "text": "NAGPUR: Turning tables on the main opposition party for not allowing both houses to function on Wednesday, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre indirectly targeted BJP president Nitin Gadkari stating they (opposition party) were deliberately doing this as they were afraid that their leader who was in news recently for all wrong reasons will be exposed.\"The opposition party is not allowing discussion and debate on the issue. They are more interested in demanding a probe from special investigating team (SIT). Without discussions, how can a probe be ordered straightway. There needs to be some concrete reasons for launching a SIT probe,\" Thakre told media.MPCC chief was reacting to the pandemonium caused by the opposition parties in the assembly and council that led to the adjournment of both houses till Thursday. The opposition parties demanded a SIT probe against deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore irrigation scam. Leader of opposition in council Vinod Tawde said that they will not allow both the houses to function till the government acceded to their demand.Clarifying his stand further, Thakre stated that without debate in houses, the truth behind the alleged corruption in irrigation will never come out. \"The opposition fears that their leader will also come under scanner if both the houses were allowed to debate the issue, which I think is a very serious one,\" he said while again targeting the BJP president.Thakre further said that in this melee the people of Vidarbha were the ultimate sufferers, as issues related to them will get neglected. \"Nagpur session is being conducted to discuss problems of people residing in this part of the state. There are host of problems which needs to be discussed in the house. This includes cotton, industries and irrigation among others. The people have huge expectations from public representatives like us. However, if the opposition is neither ready to listen to anybody nor to discuss these core issues, the people will surely be disappointed,\" he claimed.Thakre reiterated that the government was ready to discuss any issue on the floor of the house and even for SIT after that, provided the opposition agrees to it. \"This assembly session has hardly nine days left. And if the opposition remains adamant in its stand, all these will be wasted. This will then be a great injustice to the people of Vidarbha,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593739", "title": "NMC drive against illegal hoardings", "text": "NASHIk: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has given an ultimatum of two days to advertisers displaying illegal hoardings in the city. A notification issued on Wednesday stated that legal action would be initiated against those who failed to pull down such hoardings.The NMC has warned of prosecution under the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act, 1949, Bombay regional corporations control of advertising and hoarding rules 2003 and Maharashtra Prevention of Defacement of Property Act 1995.This applies to all the hoardings, boards and posters that have been put up without the permission of the NMC in private and public places. Officials say that places have been allotted to erect hoardings by the NMC within the city limits but political, social, private and other organizations still display them at unauthorized places and without the permission of the NMC.Deputy municipal commissioner (Tax), R M Bahiram said that the civic body would see ensure that the advertising agencies bring the hoardings down within two days or else the NMC would register cases against defaulters.\"The notice is for all the illegal hoardings, posters and boards throughout the city. We have brought down most of the hoardings, around 80 percent, but some are still remaining. All the divisional officers have been instructed to keep a watch on the hoardings in their respective wards for two days and take appropriate action after that,\" said deputy municipal commissioner (anti-encroachment) Dattatreya Gotise said.He said that the notice was for those agencies that put up the hoardings and fail to bring them down or erect them illegally.Incidentally, the illegal hoardings displayed in the city are mainly those offering birthday wishes to a politician or congratulating a newly appointed office-bearer of an organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17593414", "title": "Nilam-hit ryots suffer another blow", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Shattering the hopes of the Nilam-affected farmers of getting hefty compensation, the agriculture department officials have reportedly 'fudged' the facts in the report submitted to the government on the loss. Despite the promises of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and other ministers that the government would compensate for every acre of crop damaged in cyclone Nilam, the enumeration teams seem to have 'fudged' the figures and grossly undervalued the losses. Furthermore, the state government has contradicted its own reports sent to the Centre seeking compensation soon after the cyclone crossed the coast last month wreaking havoc.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's statement in the legislative council announcing the increase in input subsidy from the previous Rs 6,000 per hectare to Rs 10,000 per hectare has brought no cheers to the farmers as majority of them are upset over the 'distorted' report of the destruction of crops.According to information, the damage has reportedly been put at Rs 600 crore as against Rs 1,710 crore mentioned in the initial report. Although the initial assessment might require amendments after final evaluation, the steep undervaluation has not gone down well with the farmers.At several places in the state, the paddy crop losses were not enumerated, citing recovery or survival of crop a week after the rains lashed the state. In reality, paddy farmers in several districts, including Krishna suffered heavy losses as the crops were either completely damaged or discoloured, leaving no chance to sell the produce.As per the assessment in the initial report of the agriculture department 37,000 hectares of paddy was damaged due to heavy rains and floods in Krishna district. This figure was brought down to just 16,000 hectares, which is not even 50% of the initial figure. \"The officials did great injustice to the farmers under pressure from the government, which wanted to reduce the burden on the exchequer after announcing the compensation,\" lamented farmers' leader MVS Nagireddy.Cotton was cultivated in about 9.5 lakh hectares in six districts - Krishna, Guntur, Prakasam, Khammam, Nalgonda and Warangal where it was estimated that the crop in about 40% was damaged. At the end of enumeration, the officials found damages in just 31 hectares in Nalgonda, 507 hectares in Khammam and zero loss in Warangal district. The cotton farmers got a shock when the entire loss of the cotton crop was assessed at 806 hectares in Krishna district. In fact, the cotton farmers were the worst effected in the district as the crop in about 20,000 hectares was reportedly lost in Nandigama and Jaggayyapet.\"The officials were reported to have taken the expected yield from second and third picking and ignored the produce lost in the first picking,\" complained Meera Hussain, a cotton farmer of Nandigama. The government put the total cotton losses at just 13,446 hectares, which was just 1.5% of the total extent cultivated and not even 5% of the total damages. At least 10 cotton farmers committed suicide in the region after the crop losses in the last one month.\"Crop damage assessment is nothing but deceiving the already beleaguered farmers. The government is driving the farmers to suicide with its policies,\" said CPM All India Kisan Sabha leader, P Narasimha Rao. Curiously, the state government said in its report to the Centre that the crops in about 1.79 lakh hectares were damaged in the heavy rain triggered by cyclone Nilam and sought relief of at least Rs 1,550 crore.East Godavari, West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts bore the brunt of the downpour and floods where crops in both the canal-fed and rain-fed areas got washed away. Even horticulture in about 30,000 hectares was uprooted due to the gales and winds which preceded the rain for four days in the first week of November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592194", "title": "Kimmatkar brings out a 'yellow paper' to counter white paper", "text": "NAGPUR: Expert member of Vidarbha Statutory Development Board, Madhukar Kimmatkar, on Wednesday came out with a 'yellow paper' to counter the white paper brought out by the DF government on state's irrigation projects. The opposition parties have also released a 'black paper' debunking the white paper as a 'pack of lies.'Kimmatkar, who has been studying the issue of regional imbalance in irrigation facilities for the last three decades, said that the white-paper as the future policy direction it tries to encompass would have dangerous repercussions for Vidarbha.\"The diktat that all projects having completed less than 25% of work be put on hold and preference be given to ones nearing completion is nothing but an attempt to divert funds to the already developed western Maharashtra which have areas with 99% irrigation coverage. As compared to this, Vidarbha with less than 39% coverage will have to wait longer for their turn to complete the projects,\" said Kimmatkar. His booklet analyses the white paper and spells out how it would be detrimental for Vidarbha.\"When Vidarbha became part of Maharashtra, in the first legislative session (1960) of the united state, the then chief minister Yeshwantrao Chavan had presented a statement on government's future policy assuring balanced development and a better deal for Vidarbha. However, till date the promise has not been fulfilled.\"Even the formation of statutory development boards in 1994 have failed to address this serious skew as western Maharashtra continues to divert funds meant for this region, which had been released for the specific purpose of backlog removal by the Governor under his special powers under Article 371 (2),\" said Kimmatkar. He said a fresh irrigation backlog of 11 lakh hectares has been created and there was no way the government could find funds to undo this backlog.\"This 'yellow paper' is just to make all legislators from the region aware about the latest situation and the bleak future if the policy underlined in the white paper is accepted. Time has also come to ask the government for a detailed break up of how much of the Rs2.70 lakh crore of loans incurred by the state was spent on Vidarbha. We need to know this because, people of Vidarbha are sharing the burden of clearing this mountain of borrowings,\" said Kimmatkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591891", "title": "House panel: LPG cap no good, scrap cheap supplies to rich", "text": "NEW DELHI: The standing committee on petroleum and natural gas has criticized the government for putting a uniform cap of six cylinders a year on supply of subsidized cooking gas, without taking into account the various income levels of consumers.\"The committee deplored the move of petroleum ministry to protect the decision of the government universally capping the availability of LPG cylinder at subsidized price to six cylinders per annum without any income stipulation,\" the panel said in its latest report tabled in Parliament on Wednesday.The committee, headed by Aruna Kumar Vundavalli , said it had earlier recommended scrapping of subsidized cooking gas cylinder supplies to the rich and affluent.According to the panel, people with annual income of over Rs 6 lakh and those holding constitutional posts besides public representatives such as MPs and MLAs did not deserve subsidized cylinders.The panel has asked the government to review and amend the decision in line with the panel's recommendations. \"The committee desires the said decision of universal capping of availability of subsidized LPG cylinder to be urgently reviewed and amended appropriately in line with the recommendation made by this committee.\"The panel said the subsidy on LPG cylinders should be more targeted and asked the ministry to start collecting information about their customers to facilitate decision to better target subsidy. It appreciated the move to ask cooking gas consumers to fill the Know Your Customer (KYC) forms.The government has drawn flak from within the ruling coalition and the opposition ever since the cap was announced on September 13. The subsequent exercise to weed out ghost and multiple connection-holders further stoked public anger. The issue is believed to have hurt the Congress's prospects in Himachal Pradesh where polls were completed on November 4.On Tuesday, oil minister M Veerappa Moily had announced the government's intent to raise the cap to nine cylinders a year. But the announcement immediately drew objections from the Election Commission which asked the Moily to explain his comment in view of the impending Gujarat election, and ordered the ministry to stop any move on raising the cap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596335", "title": "Ludhianvis' date with 12.12.12", "text": "Jarnail celebrates a memorable 15th birthdayAs the clock struck 12 on Tuesday night and the historical date rolled in, a day of surprises and wishes started for Jarnail Singh, who turned 15 on 12.12.12. The family that resides in Sarabha Nagar surprised their son at midnight by secretly inviting the close family and friends for a birthday bash at their residence. The birthday boy skipped his school in the morning to celebrate his historical birthday with a visit to a Sarabha Nagar gurdwara along with the family. The excitement doubled as the day progressed with the promised gifts coming in from parents and grandparents. While parents Amarjeet and Gurpreet Kaur gifted him an iPod , grandparents Manmohan Singh and Charnjit Kaur gifted Jarnail an iPad , promised to him for his 15th birthday. \"This will be the most memorable birthday of my life because of the historical date. I started celebrating this birthday with my family and ended it with my 10 of my best friends,\" said Jarnail.A reason to party with friendsA group of women planned to celebrate the last magical date of the century at a restaurant on Pakhowal Road. Harjeet Kaur, 56, organized the party for friends Neelu Garg, Dolly Arora, Gurmeet Kaur, Sukhjinder Kaur, Swaranjeet Basant, Iqbal Basant, Gurcharan Munjral, Ritu Gupta, Kiran Gupta, Meeru Garg and Charu Kaura, who were all residents of Pakhowal Road. For once, the women gave up their inhibitions about calorie intake and gorged on delicacies like kathi rolls, kababs, curries and Chinese dishes. They also played games to enjoy the day and relive their days of yore.Celebrating 36 years of togethernessA simple family celebration marked the 36th anniversary of the marriage of Ramesh, 60, and Harkishan Kakkar, 65. \"What more could I ask for on this special day than the company of my beloved wife and my son and his family,\" said Harikishan, a retired manager residing at BRS Nagar. The family sought blessings of the goddess by visiting the Durga Mata temple in Sarabha Nagar early morning. Family and friends from the neighbourhood visited the couple throughout the day to wish them on their special anniversary on 12.12.12. \"We are glad to have witnessed many historical dates of the century starting from 1.1.1 to 12.12.12 with each other. The day is special only because I have my caring husband beside me,\" said Ramesh.Dr Rajanbir Treats Jasveer's 12 teethDr Rajanbir Singh Thind, a dentist at Dugri, had a special visitor at his clinic on Wednesday, who required dental treatment to his 12 teeth, including four replacements and eight fillings. Dr Thind said Jasveer Singh, 49, is his international client who had been consulting him for a week. \"So, when it came to his treatment, he chose this date as it would be am memorable experience to get 12 teeth treated on 12.12.12,\" added the dentist.Saina gets a car to rememberThe special date seemed fortunate for Civil Lines resident Saina as she received a car as a gift from her parents on her 23rd birthday. A birthday party too, awaited her as friends planned to surprise her. The day just turned out to be more and more exciting with my dream car rolling in first, coupled with a surprise birthday bash from friends. I would have celebrated this special day even if it wasn't my birthday,\" said Saina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591806", "title": "Sawai organisers pay tribute to Ravi Shankar", "text": "PUNE: Coming to Pune to play in the Sawai Gandharv festival is like being on a pilgrimage,\" said sarod player Ayaan Ali Bangash as he took stage along with his brother Amaan Ali Bangash on Wednesday - the second day of the 60th Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav. \"It's always a humbling experience to perform here and receive blessings from senior artists and seasoned listeners,\" Ayaan added.The duo then treated the audience to a lilting rendition of Raga Shree, an evening raga, in which the duo put on display not just perfect timing and co-ordination but also the full promise of Shree. The powerful jhala took their performance to another level, leaving the audience asking for more. Amaan and Ayaan then produced some delicately sweet notes playing Rageshree set to aadaa chautal beat. The brothers were supported by Satyajit Talwalkar and Anuvrat Chakravarty on the tabla.Wednesday's proceedings began on a sombre note as each one of the over 10,000-strong crowd was grieved by the demise of sitar maestro Pt Ravi Shankar . As a tribute to the departed musician, the organisers screened a small video clip that captured his many moods.Beginning the day's session vocalist Rattan Mohan Sharma, a disciple of the legendary Pandit Jasraj , presented Raga Shuddh Warhaali, accompanied by Mukund Petkar on harmonium and Kali Nath Mishra on tabla with Shridhar Parthasarathy on the mridangam. Sharma regaled the audience with his enthusiastic singing which culminated into a composition \"aai ati dhoom dhaam'', set to Raga Megh. Sharma pleased the listeners with his presentation of abhang ''Aabir Gulaal Udhalit Rang''.What followed was a spectacular statement of prowess in Indian classical dancing as danseuse Shobhana Chandrakumar demonstrated superb perfection of padanyas (footwork) and abhinaya (expression) through the four stages of her performance. The niece of Travancore sisters Padmini, Lalitha and Ragini was ably accompanied by Preeti Mahesh (singing), Ramakrishna (mridangam), Venkata Subramaniam (violin) and Shri Mahesh (flute).At the time of going to press youngsters Ritesh and Rajneesh had got into the thick of their dual vocal performance in Raga Joag in the company of Aravind Kumar Azad on tabla and Arvind Thatte on the harmonium. Senior vocalists Rajan and Sajan Mishra were set to join them eventually.Thursday promises to be an equally enjoyable day with Sanjeev Chimalgi (vocal), Kalapini Komkali (vocal), Ulhas and Sameehan Kashalkar (vocal), Farooque Latif Khan and Sarwar Hussain (sarangi) and Akhilesh Gundecha (pakhawaj) set to perform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591361", "title": "CIC seeks to bring greater transparency in poll funding", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that could bring in greater transparency in electoral funding, the Central Information Commission (CIC) on Thursday will decide if names of candidates who had never filed their income tax returns or provided incorrect details of their assets should be made public. The income tax department had found discrepancies in 298 cases out of a total of 5,435 candidates who contested the 2004 parliamentary polls. Incidentally, a significant number of candidates are high net-worth individuals (HNIs) with 156 candidates boasting of crorepati status.The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), a think-tank working on electoral reforms and RTI, had sought information from the Election Commission (EC) asking for communication between the poll watchdog and the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) regarding cross-checking information provided in the affidavits of candidates who contested in the 2004 elections with the I-T returns filed by them.The EC had provided information that candidates' affidavits were given to CBDT asking for verification of assets as provided in their I-T returns. CBDT's response had indicated that ''remedial'' action was being taken against 103 candidates for mismatch between the affidavits and the I-T returns, while action was being taken against 195 candidates for being tax defaulters. However, CBDT refused to disclose names of the 298 individuals, arguing that the information would have to be collected from various offices.ADR, in its appeal to the CIC, has argued that since the CBDT had claimed it was taking remedial action against the defaulting candidates, their names would be available in their records and should be disclosed in public interest.The role of black money and opaqueness in election funding can be ascertained by the fact that both the average assets of candidates and the number of crorepatis have increased between Lok Sabha elections in 2004 and 2009. The number of crorepati MPs were doubled from 156 in Lok Sabha (2004) to 315 (2009).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592799", "title": "Class 2 student run over by SUV, driver and friends scoot", "text": "CHENNAI: A seven-year-old boy was crushed to death when the driver of a SUV lost control and drove onto a school ground near Puzhal on Wednesday. Police said the car was driven by an engineering college student.Vinod Kumar, a Class 2 student of the Government Union Middle School in Sholavaram, was playing when the vehicle knocked him down at 8.50am. He died on the spot. Police said Vinod Kumar's sister Keerthika, 10, a Class 5 student of the same school, was a witness to the accident. School officials and teachers rushed to the spot; by then the four occupants, including the driver, had abandoned the vehicle and fled.Angry residents and villagers damaged the windshield of the car. On information, police teams went to the place and recovered the vehicle. Police are searching for the driver. Police said the four engineering college students had planned to go on a trip to Tada waterfalls in Andhra Pradesh. They were about to leave when they ran over the child. \"We are trying to find out who was behind the wheel. We know that the vehicle (TN 20 BD 4299) belongs to a businessman in Vengal. We are questioning him,\" said Sholavaram police inspector Ahmed Abdul Khader.Vinod Kumar's father Vadivel is a labourer. To mourn the death of the student killed in the accident, the school administration declared a holiday on Wednesday. Sholavaram police have registered a case under Section 304 (a) (death caused due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593435", "title": "Telugu Desam Party yet to decide on participants", "text": "HYDERABAD: The main opposition, Telugu Desam Party , is still to decide on the two representatives it would send for the all-party meeting to be held in New Delhi on December 28, but indications are that it will echo a single opinion on the issue of division of the state. According to sources, the TDP's stance would be \"it has no objection to the creation of Telangana.\" Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, TDP office in-charge TD Janardhan said \"Even if two people attend the all-party meeting we will be expressing one opinion. Our president has been assuring the people of Telangana that the party is not against the creation of the separate state. We have received the letter but are yet to decide as to who will represent our party.\"TDP MLA Revanth Reddy said inviting two representatives from each political party defeats the very purpose of the meeting which is to arrive at a solution on the vexed issue. \"The Congress is trying to confuse people by inviting two people from each party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596662", "title": "E Chennagangappa's next has a social message", "text": "Well known writer and film director E Chennagangappa, who worked as an officer of Karnataka Government is now returning to direct his new film. The concept of his new film is- progress of a nation, state or village can be sustained only through people's participation in growth oriented issues. He has based the story on the experiences of Sreekanta Shashtry of Shimoga who involved the people in many development programmes. Channagangappa was more influenced by the work of Srikantha Shashtry who worked to develop many remote places in and around Shimoga.Channagangappa has also dealt with issue of inter-caste marriage, Naxalism and also how corruption in administration can be fought with people's involvement.E Channagangappa promised that the film will be a visual treat as his 'Apna Desh' Kannada film will perhaps be the last one to shoot in Kuduremukh surroundings. 12 days of shooting was held already says EC. Sri Hari Dhoopadh from Bijapur penned lyrics for this film. Kyatizen Doyas is the music director, R D Ravi is editing this film, Madan Harini will work as dance choreographer, jumper Krishna will be the stunt master. The story, screenplay, dialogues and direction is by E Chennagangappa.Anjali Patil, Dr Girish Karnad, Raghu Mukerjee, Vinayaprakash, Veena Sunder, Mukyamantri Chandru, Ramesh Bhat, Avinash, Ashutosh Rana , Ashis Vidyarthi, Bangalore Nagesh, Kempe Gowda, Ashwath Narayan, Brahmavar are the other stars in the movie.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17592998", "title": "Excise department to get more teeth with 600 new posts", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when the state exchequer is staring at funds, the excise department - headed by finance minister Amit Mitra - is set to create about 600 new posts. The proposal is waiting for the state cabinet nod.Also, three new excise districts will be created in addition to the existing 21 districts and there will be 215 circles, as the excise department is reorganizing its administration. The department, in order to tackle the growing hooch menace in the state, as in last December 175 people had died in Diamond Harbour hooch tragedy,wants to recruit 462 constables, 137 assistant sub-inspectors, 88 sub-inspectors, 27 deputy excise collectors, 3 deputy commissioners and 3 additional commissioners.The department wants to make changes in the jurisdiction of the existing excise officials as there will be three excise collectors in Kolkata for north, south and central parts. At present, there are collectors for only north and south.Even excise minister Mitra's constituency in Khardah, sources said, witnesses regular supply of illicit liquor from Bilkanda panchayat area and for that the minister has proposed three separate excise districts in North 24-Parganas under one excise controller. Going by the jurisdiction of police commissionerates of Bidhannagar and Barrackpore, there will be two superintendents and another for the rest of the district.There will also be separate superintendents for Jalpaiguri and Alipurduar. The superintendent of Jalpaiguri will have control over Jalpaiguri Sadar and Mal subdivisions, while Alipurduar will be having a separate excise district. Similarly, Midnapore (West) excise district will comprise Midnapore (Sadar), Kharagpur and Ghatal subdivisions, while Jhargram will be having a separate superintendent under one excise collector.Moreover, there will be special prevention forces for all the districts, while for Kolkata there will be three teams, each headed by one deputy excise controller. This apart, there will be 12 excise check posts at various railway stations, as these are major points for ferrying illicit liquor. For that the excise department is planning to keep tabs on some major stations like New Jalpaiguri, New Cochbehar, Malda, Rampurhat, Asansol, Durgapur, Bardhaman, Bandel, Krishnagar, Barrackpore, Sealdah, Kharagpur. Even an excise check post is planned at the city's airport.The excise officials felt that with increased vigil, through additional manpower, the revenue collection can see a jump in the winter months, when the sale of illicit liquor is high. Officials said that Jalpaiguri district has been broken into two excise districts as often liquor from Bhutan is brought into Jalpaiguri. Similarly, Midnapore (west) where illicit liquor sell is on the rise had been divided into two districts for better administrative control. Again Kolkata is also going to have more officials and for that a separate excise collectorate had been set up, as illicit liquor is regularly ferried to the city from the city suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596301", "title": "12.12.12: Three dozen reasons to celebrate", "text": "RANCHI: Aditya and Swati Tiwari, residents of Dhurwa, were married a year ago, but they chose December 12 as the date for registry of their marriage. \"We wanted to get married on 12.12.12 but due to family pressure we got married last year. After getting married in a traditional style, my wife and I decided that we will get our marriage registered on December 12 this year as it is a unique and auspicious day.\"Not just Aditya and Swati, many other couples wanted to get married on 12.12.12 and a huge rush was observed at the marriage registrar's office on Wednesday. An official said on the condition of anonymity, \"According to the rules, a person has to first apply for registry and can get the marriage registered anytime after 30 days of submitting the application.\" He added, \"A huge rush was observed at the office today, but we could get only eight couples married due to shortage of time.\"Many couples also got married in the traditional way at Pahari Mandir and other temples of the city. A priest at Pahari Mandir, Daya Shankar said, \"Many young couples came to us to get married today, but we could not accommodate all of them married as they did not have the documents needed for registry. The number of people getting married today was high as not only is the day unique, but it also falls in the auspicious month of lagan.\"Many children were also born on December 12 by C-section as the mothers wanted their children to be born on the auspicious day. Dr. Pritibala Sahay, a gynaecologist at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), said: \"As many as 30 women wanted their babies to be delivered on December 12, but we tried convincing most of them to go for normal delivery. Still, around 8-10 women were adamant on delivering the child today and we had to perform a ceserean operation.\"Many children were born at private nursing homes as well. Azad Kuraishi, whose son was born on 12.12.12 at 12.15 am in Rama Nursing home, said, \"It was god's will that my son should be born on the auspicious day as the delivery was normal. My son will bring our family luck. I had two daughters and the birth of my son has completed my family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17592836", "title": "Stringing East andnd West with music", "text": "KOLKATA: Ravi Shankar was an established name in Indian music - on stage, screen and public broadcasting - when he began collaborating with peers in Western classical music. It began in 1952 when Yehudi Menuhin came to raise money for famine relief. Nehru invited the socially conscious violinist to a reception where Ravi Shankar, then popularising through Jhankar Music Circle - set up by the Shrirams in New Delhi - and composing for AIR, played for him.Although Ravi Shankar had travelled extensively with Uday Shankar dance troupe, he had not played independently nor been to the US. Taken aback by the technical brilliance and improvisational aspect of Indian music, Menuhin started telling the Europeans about it. He invited Panditji for demonstration concerts and recorded them for posterity. That started a series which changed the face of classical music, in the East and West, giving birth to a genre we know as World Music.\"Violinist Menuhin and flutist Jean-Pierre Rampal, two of his early and lifelong collaborators, wrought a monumental change in the basis and range of global art music,\" Philip Glass later wrote. The American composer \"had the great fortune\" to work as Panditji's assistant in Paris of 1960s, when he was scoring for Conrad Rook's Chappaqua. \"I found he had a practical knowledge of Western instruments. And though I was in charge of transcribing his music into Western notation for the French Chamber Orchestra, the actual orchestration was completed by Ravi himself,\" he wrote in the foreword to the maestro's autobiography, My Music My Life.Ravi Shankar's encounters with Western Music proved to be a two-way street. While he gained from the discipline of notating, he joyfully shared the breadth and depth of his tradition with those outside it. And, in the process, he gave Indian musical tradition what it lacked: a theoretical understanding of ideas and concepts of its history that our gurus - being practitioners raised strictly within the oral tradition of gharanas - never needed.Ravi Shankar's impact was more than musical - it was cultural, even spiritual. \"Even before 1952, Western elite were aware of Hindu and Buddhist philosophy. In the 1960s, with the Beatles, the influence percolated to popular level,\" writes Peter Lavezzoli in Bhairavi: The Global Impact of Indian Music. It is hard to overstate the significance of George Harrison composing songs based on khayal, bhajan, Carnatic songs, playing sitar or travelling to Haridwar. If people also readily took to yoga, it was perhaps because they were seeking alternatives to Judeo-Christian philosophy.\"To the Indian quality of serenity, Ravi Shankar brought an exalted personal expression of union with the infinite,\" Yehudi Menuhin once said to TOI. \"Few modern composers in the West achieve this although we revere it in Bach, Beethoven or Mozart.\" Ravi Shankar filled the void when he crafted a synthesis of eastern and western expressions - of immediacy and spontaneity with intuitive and eternal truth.If this penchant for improvisation proved a gain for rock and jazz, it also opened Indian music to new concepts and took it to new heights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591466", "title": "All but one acquitted in van blast case", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday set aside the order of a city special court awarding the death penalty to four persons, who were reportedly members of the banned Deendhar Anjum, in a case pertaining to a blast in a van near Minerva Mills on Magadi Road on July 10, 2000.The van exploded when main accused Syed Mohammed Ibrahim and two accomplices were ferrying explosives. The blast killed his two accomplices. The van's passengers had allegedly triggered a blast at St Peter and Paul Church at JJ Nagar earlier.A lower court had held 18 people guilty of waging war against the state and sentenced four persons, including Ibrahim, to death. Fourteen other convicts had been awarded life sentence.A division bench headed by Justice DV Shylendra Kumar on Wednesday rejected the death penalty for four convicts and acquitted all 18 accused in relation to charges of waging war against the state. However, the bench confirmed the 10 years' imprisonment awarded to Ibrahim under the provisions of Explosives Substances Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596399", "title": "Panchayat representatives on Red hit list", "text": "RANCHI: Panchayat representatives in Jharkhand are on the target list of Maoists as a number of them are alleged sympathizers of different rebel outfits or involved in liaisoning. Police sources said the problem is very serious in Gumla, Simdega, East and West Singhbhum and Latehar districts.Two panchayati raj institution representatives - a deputy village head and a district council member - have been killed in the last one month alone and several others have been receiving threat call demanding a levy on the money they have allegedly been making liaisoning between government officials and contractors.Biswanath Oraon, president of Mukhia Association, said almost all panchayat representative as concerned over the sudden rise in crime against them. \"We are concerned over the step increase in such incidents and, if the trend continues, no one will contest panchayat elections in future,\" he said.Oraon added that elected representatives are on rebels' hit list because developmental works executed through panchayats have started eroding their support base. \"Before the 2010 panchayat elections, these outfits had given boycott call but the people ignored them and came out in large numbers to vote for their preferred candidates. Now, Maoists want to gag the elected representatives by claiming we are involved in liaisoning or sympathize with some rebel outfit,\" said Oraon.Jharkhand police spokesperson IG SN Pradhan said the elected representatives are also to be blamed to some extent for the situation and suggested them not to sympathize with any rebel outfit. \"There was some information that some elected representatives were being targeted for their alleged involvement in liaison activities, but the main reason the y are in the crosshairs is their sympathy towards a particular outfit. We would suggest the elected representatives not to have any sympathy for any particular group. I am sure this will solve the problem to a large extent as most killings are due to group rivalry,\" he said.Recently, Ranjit Dungdung, deputy village head of Rampur in Kamdara block of Gumla district, was killed by the rebels. The assailants attacked him with thick logs and continued to hit him on his head until he died. The second victim - Kalawati Devi - was the district council member from Nathpur village under Palkot block in Gumla district. She was shot dead after being abducted from her house. The police later found her bullet-ridden body in Mahuatoli. Later one Parmeshwar Gope of People's Liberation Front of India even claimed responsibility for the killing and accused her of being police informer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595944", "title": "Pakhi in Guddu Dhanoa's next", "text": "Pakhi Hegde will soon be seen acting in producer- director Guddu Dhanoa's next. Guddu Dhanoa has produced Shah Rukh Khan starrer 'Deewana' and directed films like 'Ziddi', 'Bichhu' and many others.Guddu next venture which is in Marathi has Bhojpuri actress Pakhi in lead role. Pakhi is paired opposite Sachin Khedekar in the movie. Pakhi is portraying the role of a call girl in the movie. Pakhi feels she is blessed to be a part of such producer's film. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596033", "title": "Thinktank to help form Karnataka Janata Party's manifesto", "text": "MANGALORE: Intellectuals, corporates, scholars, lawyers among others have agreed to be part of a thinktank for former chief minister and president of Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) BS Yeddyurappa. This thinktank will meet under the stewardship of former minister K H Srinivas, who is now vice-president of KJP and come up with action plan to build what Yeddyurappa described here on Wednesday as a strong self reliant and prosperous Karnataka.Those who have agreed to be part of the Yeddyurappa think tank of his personal invitation include writers UR Ananathamurthy, Chandrashekar Patil (Champa), Hampa Nagarajaiah, Nallur Prasad, corporate leader TV Mohandas Pai, former chief secretary BS Patil, scholar and former minister Mumtaz Ali Khan and Ganapathy Narayana Hegde among others. This think tank will meet, discuss and come up with a road map for Karnataka's progress.The road map will form the basis for the party's election manifesto and programmes that can be included or those that might have to be dropped due to fiscal considerations will be mulled upon and finalised, Yeddyurappa told reporters. \"It is my initiative to contact these people and seek their inputs on how the state can be put on path of progress,\" Yeddyurappa said, adding all those mentioned by him have agreed to help him out in his endeavour.Asserting that KJP will contest from all 224 assembly seats in the next elections, Yeddyurappa, said all the candidates will be selected locally. \"I will not select the candidates sitting in Bangalore and the selection will be made locally. In case, there is clash over choice of names, then the party seniors will intervene,\" he said. KJP will plump for fresh faces, especially youth, women and those from minority communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17596761", "title": "Govt should announce date for hanging Afzal Guru: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the eleventh anniversary of Parliament attack on Thursday, BJP said the government should announce the date for hanging convict Afzal Guru today itself to pay \"real tribute\" to the martyrs of the strike.\"Real tribute would be only if the home minister assures the House today that we have paid tributes to the martyrs but their families and country will get relief only when he (Guru) would be hanged.\"If they fix a date (for hanging Guru) and announce it today, this would be the real tribute to these martyrs,\" the leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said inside Parliament House complex.She was talking to reporters soon after paying homage to the nine martyrs of the 2001 Parliament attack.Swaraj said every year the country pays homage to these martyrs. \"But one question is still unanswered that the attacker who has been twice or thrice sentenced to death by the Supreme Court, why has he not been hanged so far?\"She said after the hanging of 26/11 Mumbai terror convict Ajmal Kasab , \"hope has increased that the government will show courage to do what it has not done so far.\"Minister of state for home RPN Singh criticised Swaraj for making the demand, saying the occasion should not be politicised.\"We have just paid tributes to those martyrs. I think it is extremly unfortunate that the moment we get away from there, we get into politics... I think to politicise this thing on every December 13, is not paying real homage to martyrs of this country,\" he said.Singh said matters related to hanging convicts are not dealt by Parliament and are handled by the courts.\"There is a process that has been explained by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde . He has said the file is lying with him and he will look at it and make notings after the Parliament session,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595777", "title": "Book fair ends on profitable note", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Avid readers found their way to the Rajdhani Book Fair in the city rummaging for a best-seller or something they are yet to lay their hands on. And if the sales figures at the fair are anything to go by, the binding copies have retained their charm in the era of e-books.\"The response was very good over the weekend. Last Sunday, the fair witnessed over one-lakh footfalls. And we had visitors fromKoraput, Sambalpur, Sundargarh, Balangir and Mayurbhanj,\" said president of Rajdhani Book Fair Upendra Kumar Jena.The fair which concluded on Wednesday had 600 stalls by 500 books sellers and publishers from Odisha and 15 other states. Fictions, non-fictions, short stories, poetry, children literature and books on spiritualism priced between Rs 50 and Rs 2,000, were laid out on a platter for visitors.\"Schoolchildren, college-goers and libraries were earlier the main buyers. We were only too happy to receive individual buyers this year and they flocked the fair in good number,\" said Soumitra Sahu of Vidyapuri Publication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596653", "title": "Innovative idea for Bijoy's next", "text": "Bijoy Nambiar wants to do an innovation with his next, David. David is a novel edgy film in form. However, Bijoy wants to innovate with the marketing.Bijoy Nambiar of Shaitan fame wants to attract his core audience the youth on the internet in a big way. In fact he doesn't want it to appear in theatre, primary outlet for consumptions of first looks and promos of the film.David is a story of 3 different Davids in 3 different times. Source reveals, \"Initially it was to be released with Khiladi 786 that released last week or with Dabangg 2, thats due to release on December 21., but Bejoy decided otherwise. He believes his core audience is the youth, which is more to the internet. The trailer can go viral that way. Bejoy doesn't want it to appear in theaters first, even though it is the primary outlet for first looks and promos of the film. It can be in theatres only once it is online.\"Source close to Benoy says, \"David is a novel, edgy film, so he wants it be very innovative with the marketing. He will release the trailer of the film online and not in theatres.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17592935", "title": "State says it will tackle the SWM problem itself", "text": "PANAJI: With civic bodies in the state showing little or no inclination to fulfill their prime civic responsibility of solid waste management (SWM), the state government has taken the initiative to resolve the problem.This was stated at an interactive session on the issue of pollution and solid waste management organized by Indo-German friendship society in the city on Wednesday.Noted town planner Edgar Ribeiro also said that SWM is strictly a local issue which is to be dealt with by the respective civic body. Indicating that this civic problem has to be left in the domain of civic bodies, Ribeiro went on to say that opposition of people to waste treatment plant in their area, can be taken care of if such sites are called regional recreational sites instead of garbage treatment sites.Such experiments have been successful elsewhere. The sites have gardens and parks and this is evident even in Delhi, he added.On planning, he called for mapping of investment in projects.Indo German friendship society (IGFS), Goa, interacted with officials of Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) looking for answers on issues concerning pollution. At the session, degradation of the environment was the topic of discussion with focus on mining pollution and garbage problem. Members of the IGFS highlighted how garbage menace is growing in leaps and bounds and narrated what they saw in Goa.The GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha explained various measures they have taken to protect environment. He said for better functioning of the board, they have proposed to have a new set-up at Verna. \"We will need land admeasuring 10,000 sq mts,\" said Noronha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593013", "title": "Talks fail, Left Front continues House boycott", "text": "KOLKATA: Attempts at rapprochement with the Left Front legislature party in the West Bengal assembly came to naught on Wednesday as the three suspended CPM legislators refused to apologize before the House. Left legislators continued their boycott of the assembly during the day.The three legislators were suspended for the rest of the current winter session of the assembly after Tuesday's turmoil inside the House. An all-party meeting was convened by Speaker Biman Banerjee during the day for reaching an understanding with the Left legislators. While opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra wanted the suspension order withdrawn, the Speaker said the suspended MLAs must first apologize.As the talks broke down, the agitating legislators continued with their dharna outside the assembly premises, shouting slogans. The legislators also held a mock assembly at the place of its dharna. Earlier, the Left legislators went inside the House when it assembled in the morning during the question hour and Mishra demanded that the suspension order be withdrawn. But the speaker said the issue would be discussed in an all-party meeting before a business advisory committee meeting.\"That we had gone to attend the House shows our sincerity. But the question of tendering an apology does not arise as the three MLAs were suspended without giving them an opportunity to defend themselves. It violates the principle of natural justice.\" He said the ruling party was trying to throttle the voice of the opposition in the assembly.Government chief whip Sobhandeb Chatterjee said the Speaker had no scope to withdraw the suspension order as it had been made under rule 348. \"All that was required was for the suspended MLAs to come to the House and admit their mistake. Everyone present had seen that they were trying to wrench the microphone away from the table of the Speaker.\" In any case, the current session would end on Thursday, so the suspension order would be in force for just one more day.Parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee said the CPM legislators had no interest in participating in the business of the House. \"Instead of joining in discussions in the House, they want to continue with disorderly conducts.\" He said a one-member committee comprising an assembly official would inquire if there was any lapse on the part of the security guards in the assembly at the time of violence on Tuesday.Two of the injured legislators in Tuesday's incident - Gauranga Chatterjee of CPM and Mahmuda Begum of Trinamool - were still admitted in hospitals, undergoing treatment, it was learnt.In a bid to demolish Left charges that the parliamentary affairs minister didn't report the assembly scene properly to the media, Partha Chatterjee has brought a privilege notice against former minister and RSP MLA Subhash Naskar, who had reportedly told a private TV channel that the minister made \"false\" statements on the assembly proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591420", "title": "Sparing the rod and not spoiling the kid", "text": "BANGALORE: At a time when the Right to Education Act entails that children study in a liberal and stress-free atmosphere , some schools are ensuring that corporal punishment is a strict no-no on their campuses.In its pursuit to be on the right side of the rule-book, one school has even gone to the extent of extracting an undertaking from teacher-appointees that they will never invoke the cane, failing which they can be sacked without notice.\"We ensure that every teacher signs an undertaking at the time of appointment, saying that if found inflicting corporal punishment on students, he or she will be relieved of duty without prior notice,\" says Mansoor Ali Khan, board member, Delhi Public School.Under the RTE Act, no child can be scolded or labelled \"difficult\" or shamed in any way. Harsh words, ridicule, harassment - physical or mental - are completely prohibited. There can be no punishment either.Schools are sensitizing teachers to the new rules. \"We have frequent meetings for teachers on corporal punishment and tell them that children can be tackled with love too. We ask them just to be firm with their words. We also get counsellors from time to time and talk to teachers about teacher-student relationship,\" says Nigar Sultana, principal, Cambridge Public School.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has also framed a set of guidelines to eliminate corporal punishment in schools. The guidelines require that teachers are trained to deal with difficult situations in the classroom.A few schools have a full-time student counsellor on their rolls. \"We have had a few students who are irregular to school though they left home every morning in school uniform. So we decided to appoint a full-time student counsellor to deal with them,\" says Remani Dilit, principal, Kairalee Nilayam High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17593915", "title": "Slower you grow, the longer you live", "text": "LONDON: Your lifespan is affected by the rate at which your body expands early in life, claim scientists, adding that if your growth in childhood is slow you may live longer. Bodies which grow quickly accumulate greater tissue damage, with life-shortening results, a study showed.A team from Glasgow University looked at growth patterns in stickleback fish and altered the growth rate of 240 fish by exposing them to cold or warm spells, putting them ahead or behind their normal growth schedule, the Daily Mail reported.Researchers found the fish got back on track once their environmental temperature was returned to normal, but the change in growth rate affected their rate of ageing. The slow-growing fish lived for around 30% longer than the stickleback's two-year average, with a lifespan of nearly 1,000 days.The lifespan of the fast-growing fish was 15% shorter than normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593719", "title": "Labourers to be part of NREGS social audit team in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Who can assess the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme better than the beneficiaries of the scheme? Given the thought, the government will involve the labourers, who have worked under the scheme, in its social audit in the state.At present, the state lacks a social audit set up for the Central government scheme and the rural development department (RDD), however, will start the first organized social audit in January. The first two-day training of the district level coordinators for the audit will start on Thursday.For assessment at the grass-roots level, a five-member team will be constituted at every village panchayat (GP). This team will also include job-card holders, who have worked for at least 15 days under the scheme. Since the women's participation in the scheme is as dismal as 18% in UP, the team will also have one woman member. A candidate each from the general category, OBC and SC/ST would also be its part. The GO issued in October this year lays down detailed guidelines for MGNREGS social audit in UP. \"We will cover ll the GPs in our audit,\" said Shankar Singh, director, MGNREGS social audit.The members should have passed high school as minimum qualification, the job-card holders, however, are not required to meet the criteria. To keep biases from coming into play, the members should not be from the same GP that they are assessing.Though the government intends to keep audit fair, what may jeopardize transparency is the composition of the selection committee which will pick up members for MGNREGS audit of panchayats. The selection committee will comprise a district-level officer nominated by the district magistrate, a representative from a college/reputed educational institution (also nominated by the DM) and block development officer (BDO). The BDOs will also review the audit every month at the block level, leaving room for manipulation.To speed up the audit, teams at the panchayat level have to be constituted by mid-January. The district-level coordinators, trained by the department, will, in turn, train the panchayat-level teams in January. UP, so far, did not have a proper set up for MGNREGS social audit. The department had some 40 district-level coordinators since 2009, but not much has been achieved by the department on social audit front. Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , in his meeting with UPRD officials on December 5, had directed the department to start a proper MGNREGS social audit.The rural development department had, in August, constituted the UP ( MGNREGA) Social Audit Organization. An audit set-up has been put at district, block and the panchayat level. At the district level, a coordinator will be picked up by a selection committee comprising the DM, the CDO and a representative of a university/reputed educational institute appointed by a divisional commissioner.What makes the post of coordinators lucrative, and what might rig the postings is Rs 12,000 as a monthly wage to the district coordinator along with Rs 3,000 travel allowance. However, wat necessitates transparency in the selection of coordinators is the role that they have to play in the audit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596010", "title": "Shubhi busy shooting for 'Tiger'", "text": "Famous actress of Bhojpuri cinema, Shubhi Sharma is busy shooting for next in Vishakhapatnam. Made under SS Productions the film is titled, 'Tiger'.Shubhi is paired opposite Pravesh Lal Yadav and will be seen in a glamorous role in the movie. G Subbarao is the producer- director of this film.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17594373", "title": "Stop throwing garbage at me: Anushka", "text": "Anushka appeals for fairplay lashing out at those pulling her downThere have been reports of her war with Deepika Padukone . But Anushka Sharma can't help but wonder why people are drawing such comparisons between her and her peers all of a sudden. Feeling bullied and a bit cornered, the actress appeals for fair play. In an exclusive chat with TOI, she says though someone is trying to pull her down, she will not take it lying down.\"There is no comparison between Deepika and me. Nothing links us. We do different kind of films. In fact she has done more films. I've been choosy. I have not picked up just about any role that came my way,\" she says loftily and goes on to face the allegations about snatching brand endorsements from Deepika by reducing her price, head on.\"I don't need to do that. I have enough brands. And each one of them has renewed the contract, some of them for the third time. I don't think that's happening with other heroines. I must be doing something right,\" she justifies and says that the A-list slot getting crowded with newer stars fighting their way up doesn't worry her. \"What I offer, only I can. What others do, probably I cannot. I am working back to back with four top-notch directors,\" she tells us.Anushka says she doesn't need to 'flash a rate card' to crack brand deals. \"Today I command a premium. I have earned it. And I don't need to slash my prices. The best brands and filmmakers work with me happily and pay what I demand. But these are things that you don't flaunt,\" she says and as an afterthought adds, \"Flashing yourself as an imaginary first choice when you're not even in the running is so tacky. There is no dignity in this and I don't need to resort to such tactics. The other day, someone said I wasn't Anurag Kashyap's first choice for Bombay Velvet and he had to clarify on Twitter. Why do such things in the first place?\" Incidentally, the 'reports' suggested that Katrina Kaif was the first choice for the film that stars Ranbir Kapoor in the lead.\"Look at the guys ( heroes , she means), they don't indulge in such things. And that's why I find it easier to be friends with them,\" Anushka, who has been linked to several of her male co-stars tells us and claims, \"I am not a bitchy girl.\"But that doesn't stop her from digging out a story published a few days ago. \"A friend of Deepika had called up to say that she is doing Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani and not Anushka. My 'friends' don't call, do they? I am Kashyap's and Hirani's choice. She is Ayan's and whosoever's. I never pull anybody down. That makes me nice, right?\" she adds with her tongue firmly in her cheek.So, we move on to her other project - Rajkumar Hirani's Peekay , in which she reportedly has been paired with Sushant Singh Rajput and not Aamir Khan . \"I'm opposite both,\" she says with much pride and explains, \"Sushant has only eight days worth of work. Hirani's wife used to tell him that heroines never have a good role in his films. This time, he has changed that. I am proud that he chose me. Sushant is just a small chapter in my life.\"Tossing her hair and biting her lip, Anushka appeals to her peers: Stop playing games. \"Stop throwing garbage at me since I don't throw garbage at you. We call ourselves cool but we are actually not,\" she tells us and when asked whether this was a message for her competitors, she simply nods 'yes'.\"I'm not saying I'm better or worse than X. I am in a damn good position myself. Nobody can take it away from me by deriding me,\" says Anushka angrily and holds up her hand to say, \"Bas. Period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17593839", "title": "Corporation money locked up in litigation over property tax", "text": "TRICHY: Development projects of the Trichy corporation have been kept on the back burner as around Rs 43.75 crore is locked in litigation between the cash-strapped corporation and people over outstanding property tax. The mayor's ire was turned on on Wednesday at a review meeting with officials because most of the litigations would have been settled amicably if the latter had taken some efforts to settle the cases in the overall the interest of the corporation's depleting coffers.\"There are a total 704 cases of dispute, and they have been dragging on for more than a decade now. In most of the cases, even though the verdict was in favour of the corporation, most of the cases could still not be resolved once and for all because the relevant documents to prove the corporation's claim could not be produced,\" said mayor A Jaya at the meeting that was attended by top officials including corporation Commissioner Dhandapani. In almost all cases, the people had moved the court citing exorbitant property tax that the corporation had levied from time to time. In some cases, the property taxes were increased when leases changed hands, forcing the occupants of corporation structures to knock the doors of the courts.The mayor advised the officials that the latter should contact all defaulters within a certain time-frame, say, this year-end, and listen to their genuine grievances. If they were found to be realistic, some concessions might be handed down. \"What is more important is that these disputes must be settled once and for all at the earliest so that we will have both the requisite manpower and wherewithal to continue other pending projects,\" she said.The mayor also decreed that all developmental projects in the newly added five wards (there are 65 wards now) for which Rs 17 crore had already been allotted must be completed by December 31. These works are mostly related to open drainages and approach roads. The corporation had also allotted Rs 30 crore from its general fund for various works which must be completed within the deadline before the close of the year. The corporation has also allotted Rs 18 lakh for extending various facilities to devotees who throng Sri Ranganathaswamy temple at Srirangam for the annual Vaikunta Ekadasi.As a last resort, the corporation has decided to charge annual fee for raising domestic animals for the first time from Rs 200 for goats to a maximum of Rs 1,000 for horses. The bylaws to facilitate a licensing system are already formulated, and violators would be heavily fined once the system is implemented, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17593816", "title": "It's a nightmare to own land, say dalits in state", "text": "MADURAI: For a majority of dalits in the state, owning a piece of land could be a dream. But those who own land say it is a nightmare to assert their ownership.\"I was cultivating vegetables and fruits in a small farmland. But the non-dalits could not accept a dalit woman owning a land and living a life independent of them. They started pressurising me to sell the land. When I refused, they destroyed my crops and contaminated the water body that supplied water to my land with human waste.When I still resisted, they attacked my family. Every time I knocked at the police station for justice, they failed to even register a complaint.\" These are the words of M Mayakkal of Poomparai in Kodaikanal. Mayakkal was one of the many dalit women, who narrated their woes at a conference of \"Dalit women's land rights,\" organised by Evidence, an NGO in Madurai.M Parameswari of Vellalakundam village in Salem district, is another victim who took out a struggle to protect her land. The caste Hindus in the village tried to usurp her land in the guise of laying a common path to the village. \"We were attacked when we refused to part with our small piece of land and they bulldozed a portion of our house to threaten us,\" she alleged.Incidentally, the pattern of harassment meted out to all the dalit women who asserted their land rights was similar.\"The right to own land gets even more important for dalits as privatisation has taken over much of government sector. Since there is no reservation in private sector there is the threat of losing job opportunities for dalits,\" said Brinda Karat , CPM polit bureau member, addressing the gathering. She demanded that the government should amend the constitution to enable reservation for dalits in private sectors as well.She criticised the government for not amending the law to enable reservation in the promotions for dalits in government jobs.Pointing out that lack of land and assets make dalits vulnerable to exploitation, Karat alleged that the political party running the government and their allies have vested interest in freeing the dalits and adivasis from their bondage.The conference passed resolutions urging the govt to provide five acres of land to dalits and take up a detailed study of the Panchami lands allotted to the dalits that were taken away by non-dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595303", "title": "Rajinikanth keeps 62nd birthday simple, fans celebrate", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth, known for his unassuming attitude and charming aura, celebrated his 62nd birthday Wednesday with close friends and family at his residence.\"Though early in the morning he stepped out on to his balcony to wave to his fans outside his house, he spent the rest of the day with his family and select friends from the industry,\" a source from the industry told IANS.Nevertheless, Rajinikanth fans had every reason to celebrate to the fullest. Members of a Rajinikanth fans association cut cakes and unfolded banners in different parts of the city to mark this special day.\"'12.12.12' is a very special day and our superstar's birthday falling on the same day makes it much more auspicious. This day comes only once in 100 years and, therefore, we wanted to make the best of it,\" Sarathy, a member of Rajinikanth fans association, told IANS.\"We also performed puja in the temple, wishing our superstar health, happiness and prosperity,\" he added.Meanwhile, some members of the Tamil film industry also celebrated the actor's birthday in style.At the audio launch of a Tamil film titled \"Payapulla\", a 63-kg cake was cut by Rajinikanth's mentor, K. Balachander.On the other hand, two books - \" My Days with Baasha - The Rajinikanth Phenomenon\" and \"Rajinikanth - 12.12.12, A Birthday Special\" were launched. The former is authored by veteran southern filmmaker Suresh Krissna.Rajinikanth's \"Sivaji 3D\" also hit screens Wednesday. All the fifteen screens showing the 3D film across Chennai had sold-out shows. The film was released in Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596649", "title": "Single window system a distant dream for Jharkhand Inc", "text": "RANCHI: The state government in 2005, during the second tenure of chief minister Arjun Munda, signed a total of 74 Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)s with big ticket companies - including Tata Steel , ArcelorMittal , Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL), JSW Steel Limited and Essar - with a dream to make Jharkhand the industrial hub of eastern India.To ensure smooth execution of projects, especially in government offices, the state government announced constitution of the single window system. Any industrial house needed to just submit the proposal and it would get all the clearances and licenses from one place to set up a unit in the state.After seven years, the system has remained a dream. Successive chief ministers Madhu Koda and Shibu Soren kept on reiterating the promise to make the system functional, but it never happened. In his third tenure, Munda once again promised to revive the system and give teeth to the much awaited single window system. In September, at the time of launch of Jharkhand Industrial Policy 2012, he promised that the single window system will become functional, but once again it has remained a promise on paper.State industry secretary A P Singh, however, is optimistic and hopeful that the system will become functional at the earliest as government is very keen on its implementation. \"It will not be correct to fix a deadline as it has to be decided by the government, but it will very soon become a reality and industrial houses will not have to run from one office to another,\" said Singh.Sources in industry department said efforts are being made to review the single window system, which has remained on papers for last seven years. \"Whenever it will become a reality it will be one of the best systems in the country. Corporate houses will not have to run from pillar to post to get clearance for their projects from various departments the single window system will not be a policy decision. It will be covered by Jharkhand Industries (Facilitation) Rule 2012 under Jharkhand Industries Act 2012,\" said a source adding that there will be a fix deadline for disposal of applications for factories and those who fail to abide to it will be answerable even in the court of law.The deadline for disposal of applications will vary from 3-210 days and in case the officer delays clearance without any valid reason, which will stand the scrutiny of law, the file will be deemed cleared.The rule is framed with an aim to expedite clearance of projects and also revive the single window system that failed to pickup when it was first introduced in 2005. \"We had made an attempt through an executive order of the government but it did not give desired result. This time apart from fixing deadline for disposal of applications the entire process will be under the provisions of the Jharkhand Industries Act 2012. As it will be part of an Act it will be binding on everyone,\" said a source.Since every project will have clearance of an apex clearance committee headed by chief minister himself there will be no reason for delay. Industry minister will be vice-chairman and state revenue, energy and forest ministers will be member along with secretaries of all the important departments. The committee will meet once every three months and clear the projects.The Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJis not very happy with the sweet talk of the chief minister and industry department. \"We have not seen anything positive in the state in the last 12 years. The single system, which would have helped in transforming the state is still a dream when it is functioning successfully in a number of states including Gujarat and Bihar.President of FJCCI Ranjeet Tibrewal said that chief minister Arjun Munda and officials of industry department have been making such promises for many years. \"We feel that no one is very serious. Entrepreneurs of the state are suffering from problems in getting their files cleared from various departments but there is no one to listen to our misery. We would request the government to start single window system at the earliest and also set up a land bank in each districts specially for small and medium industries,\" said Tibrewal.He alleged that due to indifferent attitude of government towards development of industries a large number of entrepreneurs are setting up units outside Jharkhand. \"The government should improve law and order situation and curb menace created by Naxalites in remote areas where mining activity is going on in large scale. We feel that if police are able to keep the rebels away from the state then more companies can start operations in remote areas and large number of people will get employment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17591935", "title": "Hospitals to demand improved security", "text": "GURGAON: The gruesome shooting inside the ICU of a private hospital on Tuesday seems to have jolted hospital authorities in the city. Claiming to be 'soft targets' for miscreants, they will be holding a meeting on Sunday to demand more security for healthcare establishments in Gurgaon.\"Such incidents are on the rise and only when an incident of this magnitude takes place does the need arise for increased police protection. Not many, including the cops, are aware of the 2009 Haryana law (protection of violence against healthcare establishments and personal) that makes any crime taking place inside a hospital a cognizable offence. We are inviting the state director general of police to address the healthcare workers to instil a sense of security in them and also to avoid such dreadful incidents in the future,\" said Dr Suresh Vasistha, head, Association of Surgeons of India, Gurgaon chapter.\"Even though Tuesday's incident was a result of personal enmity, incidents of gun-toting men barging into hospitals are quite frequent in Gurgaon. It is another matter that many times such incidents do not get reported. Just last year in Sirsa, two criminals posing as patients shot dead a doctor who came to attend them in the emergency ward,\" he added.Talking to TOI, Dr Naresh Trehan, chairman of Medanta - The Medicity, put the onus on the local police to provide adequate protection to hospitals. \"Even though we have the required security apparatus in place, we cannot turn hospitals into fortresses by placing armed security guards all over the place. The cops have to do their duty and increase their patrolling,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17595856", "title": "Google Maps back to Apple iOS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Move over Apple Maps, Google has brought its own mapping application to the party! The internet search giant has officially released its Maps application for iOS platform, bringing in much respite to users who were yearning for the app after being let down by the half-baked Apple Maps, released with iPhone 5.In a blog post on the official Google blog, Daniel Graf, the director of Google Maps for Mobile division, said:\"People around the world have been asking for Google Maps on iPhone. Starting today, we're pleased to announce that Google Maps is here \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rolling out across the world in the Apple App Store.The app shows more map on screen and turns mobile mapping into one intuitive experience. It's a sharper looking, vector-based map that loads quickly and provides smooth tilting and rotating of 2D and 3D views. The search box at the top is a good place to start. An expandable info sheet at the bottom shows the address, opening hours, ratings and reviews, images, directions and other information.\"Graf also revealed that Google has made the SDK (Software Developer's Kit) for the application for iOS platform available to developers, which will help it build a more integrated ecosystem on Apple's turf.Google Maps for iOS is compatible with iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPhone 4S, iPhone 5, the third-, fourth- and fifth-generation iPod touch and iPad. These devices need to run on iOS 5.1 or above for the app to work.The key features included in the Google Maps app for iOS include voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation, live traffic information, local business search and gesture controls for exploring maps. Google has also brought Street View to Apple, allowing users to enjoy 360-degree views of various places and see the interiors of over 100,000 businesses across the globe.Absence of voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation on iOS was said to be the bone of contention when Apple dumped Google Maps from its platform. Google offered this feature on its own Android mobile operating system, which competes with Apple's iOS.Apple has been plagued by complains over its inaccurate and seeming incomplete Maps app. Recently, police in Australia advised citizens against using the application after it led some drivers to a snake-infested desert. Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote a letter of apology over the Maps app and directed users to Google Maps and other rivals till the company sorted out the problem. Scott Forstall, the man behind iOS, iTunes and App Store, was recently ousted from Apple, and reports claim this was due to his refusal to sign the apology for Apple Maps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592810", "title": "Awareness on sleep problems", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior consultant and interventional cardiologist at Apollo Hospitals, Dr G Sengottuvelu, head and chief diabetologist of MV Hospital for Diabetes and Research Dr Vijay Viswanathan, director of critical care services at Apollo Hospital Dr Ramakrishnan and Nithra Institute of Sleep Sciences have launched \"Initiative For Safe and Sweet Sleep\". The doctors plan to create awareness through talks, lectures, debatesand discussions on various formats - media, TV shows, workshops for practicing doctors, camps for the common public on sleep problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593508", "title": "Class X girl 'abducted'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A class X student was abducted by a 22-year-old man from Kalapather on Tuesday night.According to Kalapather police, the victim left her house at Mecca Colony in Kalapather on Tuesday night and did not return. After failing to trace the girl till morning, the family members lodged a complaint with police on Wednesday.The family alleged that the girl was kidnapped by Salman, 21, a leather technician from Mecca Colony. Police said cell phones of both the girl and Salman were found to be switched off. A case was booked against Salman under section 363 (kidnapping) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and a man-hunt has been launched to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593768", "title": "Gkp-Bandra Express to ease extra rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers, railways have decided to run train no. 05033/05034 Gorakhpur-Bandra (Terminus) Express special, one trip in each direction.Train no. 05033 Gorakhpur-Bandra (Terminus) special will depart from Gorakhpur on December 13 (Thursday) at 08.25 a.m. to reach Bandra Terminus at 06.05 p.m. on Friday. In the return direction, train no. 05034 will depart from Bandra Terminus on December 15 (Saturday) at 05.10 a.m. to reach Gorakhpur at 07.35 pm on Sunday.It will stop at Khalilabad, Basti, Gonda, Barabanki, Lucknow Jn., Kanpur Central, Kannauj, Farrukhabad, Kasganj, Hathras City, Mathura, Acchnera, Bharatpur, Hindaun City, Gangapur City, Sawai Madhopur, Kota, Ramganj Mandi, Nagda, Ratlam, Dahod, Godhra, Vadordara, Bharuch, Surat, Vapi, Virar and Borivali stations enroute in both directions. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593490", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority to rope in NGOs, corporates for 'adopt a lake' scheme", "text": "HYDERABAD: To protect lakes from encroachments and ensure their upkeep, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) will rope in corporates and non-governmental organisations (NGO) by floating a novel scheme - 'adopt a lake'.The lakes, located in the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) jurisdiction and outside the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), would be given to corporates or NGOs, who are concerned and committed towards environment and conservation of lakes, either for taking up beautification work or their upkeep.\"The title and ownership of the land will be with the state government. The private parties will protect the lake and create awareness among people about its maintenance apart from protecting them from encroachments,\" an HMDA official said.Before starting the initiative, the Rangareddy district administration and minor irrigation department would fix full tank level (FTL) boundaries for every water body through global positioning system (GPS)-enabled gadgets. This total station survey would be done with latitude and longitude and will be superimposed on FTL locations on revenue maps along with survey numbers. The same would be recorded in village revenue records. HMDA has already asked district collectors of Rangareddy and Medak to fix FTL boundaries as well as to simultaneously construct pillars on the boundaries.\"The HMDA is in the process of engaging professional agencies to coordinate and help the revenue and irrigation department officials. The expression of interest (EOI) for engaging a consultant will be issued in a week,\" HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad told TOI.Officials said there are 3,086 tanks in the metropolitan development area and the list of tanks was prepared by the authority recently. Of them, 501 lakes are in surrounding areas of the city, either partly encroached upon by private people or prone to encroachment. While 169 lakes fall under GHMC jurisdiction, 325 lakes come under erstwhile Huda area. GHMC has taken up protection of lakes with its funds, while the HMDA is looking for funds for development of the lakes.Officials said there are plans to develop about 50 to 60 lakes under the National Lake Conservation Plan (NLCP) under a central government scheme. \"The process of implementing the initiative will take three months, including appointing agencies, fixing FTL and incorporating data in revenue records and other beautification works,\" the metropolitan commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17596326", "title": "Arunachal CM bats for sports teachers in all schools", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Monday reiterated his stand on the construction of indoor and outdoor stadiums at all district headquarters and laid emphasis on the recruitment of sports teachers for all primary, middle, secondary and higher secondary schools in the state.\"Recruitment of sports teachers is necessary for producing promising sportspersons who need training right from the primary level,\" Tuki said, while addressing the first-ever Sports Authority of Arunachal (SAA) managing committee meeting at his office.He directed the department of education to formulate a policy to regularize the plan. Official sources informed.Taking ahead his government's agenda for promotion of sports in the state, the chief minister said that there has been a quantum rise in sporting activities in the state in the recent times, which was a good sign.\"I would credit this development to the government's vibrant and pragmatic sports policy and the special attention given to sporting activities at the village, district and state levels,\" he said.\"Organizations affiliated to games and sports should be welcomed, but we should take note that they are duly registered and recognized by the mother association at the national level,\" the CM said on being informed about 15 registered associations for sports in the state.He emphasised on proper functioning of the sports societies adhering to their laid-down guidelines and bye-laws.Asking the sports department to keep provisions for inviting expertise coaches from outside the state, Tuki said they should promote sports in which the youths of the state have potential and can excel in the national as well as international arena.Tuki asked the department of sports and youth affairs and the SAA to prepare a detailed calendar of the tournaments being organized throughout the year in the state. \"This will make it easier for the finance department to earmark adequate funds and would also help in planning properly for the tournaments, making them successful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593818", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcChoo Mantar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 begins in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fading art of magic is on its path to revival. And giving it a new lease of life are over 400 magicians from around the world who have gathered in the city for the three-day international magician's convention, 'Choo Mantar-2012 ' that took off at Ravindra Bharathi on Wednesday. Apart from promoting the ancient art, these magicians also intend to use their 'tricks' to spread awareness about social causes such as blood donation. \"The 'Water of India' act for instance is used for this purpose ,\" said magician P Bhimanna from Andhra Pradesh asserting that magic was only science.But while this 'science' was restricted to traditional methods until a few years ago, it has evolved now, thanks to technology. Predictably, the development has brought the profession more recognition with some foreign institutions even offering magic as a subject. \"In India too, there has been a similar progress with the Kerala government setting up schools that impart magic lessons,\" said 16-year-old Gunturi Ramyasri, one of the youngest participants at the convention. \"Magic is a unique kind of an art form. People are amazed when they see magicians perform different tricks,\" said Samala Venu, the organiser and a renowned illusionist.The event that will draw to a close on December 14 will comprise an array of gala shows by top conjurers and illusionists from India and overseas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591272", "title": "Ravi Shankar's Ahmedabad resonance set in 1940", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pandit Ravi Shankar - Indian classical music's most formidable divinity - who passed away on Tuesday evening in the US, basked in a long and rewarding relationship with Ahmedabad. As a young man, between 1940 and 1955, panditji was a frequent visitor to Shantikunj, the home of Chinubhai Baronet, a sterling figure of the nationalist movement whose philanthropy and social activism were feted by Mahatma Gandhi himself. Chinubhai's daughter, Vasumati Mehta, was the mother of Pandit Nandan Mehta. It was Pandit Mehta who founded one of India's greatest classical music legacies: Saptak.In fact, the Saptak tradition was inaugurated in 1980 with Pandit Ravi Shankar's recital. Manju Mehta - the wife of Pandit Nandan Mehta and the custodian of the festival's heritage - vividly recalls the concert. \"Panditji rendered Ragas Kaunsi Kanada, Janasammohini, and Hemant among others,\" Manju Mehta said. \"And he has played in some seven to eight editions of the festival. He always had great affection for Ahmedabad.\" Mehta, one of the country's most respected sitarists, was a disciple of Pandit Ravi Shankar.\"In fact, a majority of the Saptak family, including Shashimohan Bhatt and Vishwamohan Bhatt, were panditji's disciples,\" she said.One of the leading young-generation exponents of sitar based in Ahmedabad, Amita Talwar - who is Manju Mehta's protege - has experienced the peerless compassion and genius of Pandit Ravi Shankar from close quarters.\"Panditji used to organize riyaaz camps for his students from all over India at my home in Ahmedabad, \" Talwar said. \"The regimen was tough: from 9 am to 1 pm and from 3 pm to 6 pm. Yet, he would show infinite patience and energy in inspiring his students.\" Panditji's devotional immersion in music allowed him to not only blank out distractions, but also quell the most implacable opponents of music. \"I had a very noisy Pomeranian, and he would bark incessantly,\" Talwar said. \"I wanted to lock him up, but panditji said, 'make him sit next to me.' And in seven days, the dog's ears were attuned to music and he was at peace!\"Once walking down Shahibaug, Pandit Ravi Shankar spotted a vehicle bearing a number plate with the letters \"GRG\". \"That's notation for ga-re-ga, is it not?\" panditji said, humming a strain. He heard music everywhere in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17592399", "title": "Job fraud: Man loses cellphone, certificates", "text": "GURGAON: The Sector 29 police have lodged an FIR against an unidentified person who allegedly fled with the educational certificates and mobile phone of a resident of Sarhaul village.Jagdish has lodged a complaint saying that someone called him on December 4 and offered a job in a bank. The person told him to meet him with original documents of his qualifications.The accused posed himself as Rahul, an employee of the bank. He took all the documents and mobile phone from him and told him to wait for 10 minutes but he never came back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591366", "title": "Man's charred body found in bag", "text": "BANGALORE: A charred body of a man suspected to be in his early 20s was found stuffed in a gunny bag near a vacant site in Madukurappa Layout, Whitefield, on Wednesday.Preliminary investigations by Mahadevapura police revealed that two men on a gearless scooter dumped the gunny bag near the site at 8pm on Tuesday. Cops suspect the youth was killed elsewhere.\"The body is charred and beyond recognition. We have alerted police stations across the city and the state to check if the slain youth figures on the missing persons' list,\" an investigating police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591920", "title": "Dengue infection cases touch 1,000-mark in Pune", "text": "PUNE: With eight more people detected with dengue fever , the city's dengue infection cases touched the 1,000-mark this year on Wednesday. The infection has claimed 11 lives so far. Among them, six were from the city. The large number of cases reported this year was due to Pune Municipal Corporation's move of registering dengue patients being treated at private hospitals.\"Most of the dengue cases are from fringe areas and core Peth areas. People staying in Hadapsar area are the most affected, followed by those living in Dhankawdi, Balajinagar and Kothrud areas,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation.A state health official attributed the rise in the cases to shortage of water, leading to storage of water, and rapid urbanization in fringe areas. Unplanned growth and construction are the reasons for dengue infection cases in urban as well as rural areas.Favourable climatic conditions, water shortage, increasing construction activity, piling up of garbage , lack of public awareness and inadequate mosquito management have aggravated the situation. Since the mosquito aedes aegypti, which spreads dengue, breeds in fresh water, it is imperative for every household to empty and clean utensils and tanks at least once a week.The spot test/rapid kit tests were also helpful in detecting more number of dengue cases. However, the accuracy of the tests carried out at private hospitals and laboratories came under scanner as an analysis by the PMC revealed that in 49 cases, the positive reports were false in 19 cases.The PMC had sent 49 blood samples to state-run Sassoon general hospital for tests. The samples were earlier confirmed positive for dengue infection by private hospitals that used spot tests. The samples were put through the advanced diagnostic methods, such as Elisa, which showed 19 samples were negative.Vaishali Jadhav, head of insect control department, PMC, said, \"Most people reporting positive for dengue infection at private hospitals had undergone spot test or rapid kit test rather than the highly-reliable Elisa test. This led us to carry out an assessment.\"TOI had earlier reported how the NS1 antigen test had inflated dengue infection figure this year, as most of the reports collated from private hospitals comprise mostly of NS1 dengue cases. Besides, the number of reported dengue cases has gone up considerably since the PMC's health department started collating data from private hospitals. Earlier, the PMC would collect the data only from Sassoon hospital and PMC-run hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593751", "title": "Polio eradication run on Sunday", "text": "NASHIK: A three-km minithon has been organised by Rotary Club of Nashik Ambad for polio eradication. The registrations for the marathon will begin from Thursday at Golf Club Ground from 7 am to 9 am and from 5 pm to 7pm. The last day of registration is December 15. The run will be held on Sunday. Three thousand early birds will be given free T-shirts. The school age group is from 12-14 and 14-17 while the open category includes all above 17 years of age. Cash prize between Rs 10,000 to Rs 500 will be awarded to winners along with a memento and certificates.The registrations for the 3-km run will begin from Thursday at Golf Club Ground from 7 am to 9 am and from 5 pm to 7pm, said the organisers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596006", "title": "Midnight's Children made Rushdie cry: Deepa Mehta", "text": "Making a reel version of a literary masterpiece could be the most challenging work for a director, even one of Deepa Mehta's calibre.So its not hard to believe when she says she was most nervous while screening Midnight's Children for Salman Rushdie .\"I first showed him the final cut and I was really nervous to know his reaction,\" she says. \"After the showing, there was dead silence and we could hear someone hearing. It was him and he loved the film.\" The director, who was in Trivandrum for the film's Indian premiere, says Rushdie has been highly supportive of her attempt.\"Even today he had sent a mail asking to check the response of the film's premiere,\" says Deepa, who had bought the movie rights for US $1 during a casual dinner.She says Rushdie's constant reassurance had played a major part in the making however he had tried to keep away from it as much as possible.\"He said 'Deepa you are the director, you don't have to ask me what to change or do',\" she says.Interestingly, Rushdie himself would be doing the voiceover for the film, she informs.\"I have tried to maintain the two captivating aspects of the novel-the magical realism and the beauty of his language. The cadence, poetry and juxtaposition adds a lot to the movie,\" says Deepa.The film premiered with a reading from the novel by Rahul Bose. Actor Rajat Gupta was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595904", "title": "Our films, their frames", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Remakes are the latest success mantra of Odia film-makers. Pick a Tamil or Telugu hit and make it into an Odia film.Director Hara Patnaik, who started the trend of remakes in Odia with \"I Love You\" (original Telugu Nuvvu Vastavanni), justified remakes are cultural exchanges between two neighbouring states. \"I don't think there is anything wrong in taking inspiration from a Tamil or Telugu hit. It is the content of the film that's drawing the audience to the cinema hall. If Odia films can adapt these stories, we would be making good films.\"Almost 90 per cent of the movies produced are frame-by-frame copy of Tamil, Telugu or Hindi hits. Several films are imitating the same costume, dialogue, script and location. Some directors are going to the extent of lifting films scene by scene.\"The socio-economic and political scenario directly or indirectly influences entertainment and the taste of the audience. The industry has become a platform for fun and pleasure and serious film-making has become a thing of the past,\" rued noted film director and cinematographer, Raju Mishra.Films have also run into rough weather because of blatant plagiarism. \"Odia directors and producers don't have the professional ethics to get a copyright. Film-makers have also had to pay compensation. But of late film-makers have been getting satellite rights from the original film-maker by paying some amount to avoid legal tangles,\" said a producer requesting anonymity.Experts also maintained that by copying Tamil and Telugu scripts films are moving away from Odia literature, culture and lifestyle. \"These film-makers are looking at easy success routes. These films are hits already. So all they have to do is remake them in Odia. This is a bad trend because serious and thinking film-makers, who are passionate about cinema, are losing ground. Some people are making money and want to invest that somewhere. The best venue has become the film industry,\" said director Prasanta Nanda.Ajaya Mohanty, producer of \"Nai Separi Kanaka Gori\", which is ready for release, said the story of the film is original. \"It is not true that people want to see remakes. If we give them good original films, they will see them, too. Some people are giving the industry a bad name,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17595579", "title": "Over 50 bundles of joy on 12-12-12", "text": "HUBLI: The twin cities welcomed over 50 babies on 12-12-12, the last repetitive day of the century. While some deliveries happened the natural way, some expectant mothers had planned for the special event in advance. The next such day will come only after 88 years, that is, on January 1, 2101.At the Karnataka Institute of Medical Science (KIMS) Hospital, one of the biggest government hospitals in north Karnataka, about 21 babies - 12 boys and nine girls - were born.\"Seventeen of them were natural deliveries, while four babies were born through C-sections,\" said Dr Vinaya Kamath, director, KIMS. About eight more deliveries were expected at the hospital till 11pm on Wednesday, she said.Similarly six babies were born in HDMC's hospitals - three in Hubli and three in Dharwad. Eight babies including 7 boys and a girl were born in district government hospital of Dharwad.The first baby of the day, a girl, was born at 12.15am, to Saira hailing from Belgaum.Also around 24 more babies were born on the special day at several nursing homes of Hubli-Dharwad twin cities. Some mothers had chosen the fancy day for a C-section.Kotrawwa from Yalivigi of Savanur taluk had a tryst with destiny on 12-12-12. The young mother in her two earlier deliveries had lost her babies who were born premature.She was relieved of her anxiety on Wednesday when she gave birth to a healthy baby boy on Wednesday, sharp at 12 noon. An elated Kotrawwa said: \"This day is very special for me in every respect. I am grateful to God and pray that the baby will be hale and hearty.\"Taking fancy to the fancy dayIt was not just about babies. Vehicle dealers here were flooded with bookings for new vehicles on 12-12-12. \"We have already delivered 70-80 two-wheelers on the special day and bookings are swelling as the day is advancing,'' said marketing executives at some popular two-wheeler showrooms.Mahesh Kulkarni, a resident here said that he had booked a two-wheeler some months ago so that he could get the delivery on 12-12-12.Arvind Bellad, owner of Bellad &amp; Company, said bookings and deliveries of vehicles, which used to be 10 and 20 every day, went up two-fold on Wednesday.Speaking to TOI, NM Balwalli, RTO, Dharwad district, said that around 232 motor cycles, 42 cars and two taxis were registered on Wednesday in Dharwad district, which was about 10 per cent up from the daily numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17592903", "title": "Jr Rane still holding files, says Parsekar", "text": "PANAJI: Former health minister Vishwajit Rane has not returned six files of the health department despite two official reminders, and the government will initiate appropriate steps to recover this government property, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said on Wednesday.Speaking to mediapersons, Parsekar said that one of the files pertains to the procurement of insulin. He said that the principal secretary for health had written to Rane to direct his staff to return the files by November 15, but to no avail. He declined to specify what measures the government would take to recover them.Parsekar said that Rane has been maligning him in the media about lack of doctors, lack of medicines and failure to start new hospitals. Parsekar stressed that the health department still provides free insulin and medicines to patients. He added that before placing the order for insulin, his department invited and received tenders from four companies and the lowest bidder got the award.This was in sharp difference with the practice of the earlier government when tenders were floated with specifications from one particular company in order to favour that company and exclude others from bidding, Parsekar said. He claimed that the latest order for insulin was for 1.23 crore, which was a reduction in price by 1.60 crore. Parsekar said that the government is now saving about 3 crore on insulin alone. \"We have not stopped giving insulin. Only the commissions, if anyone was receiving them, must have stopped,\" Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17593833", "title": "New vehicle scanner at Trichy station", "text": "TRICHY: Trichy Junction station has got a pre-fabricated under vehicle scanning system (UVSS) facility to detect explosive objects kept underneath vehicles entering the station.To provide state-of-the-art surveillance system to prevent anti-social activities, the railway board had sanctioned two UVSS facilities to monitor vehicular movement at the main and rear entrances in Kallukuzhi of the Trichy railway station. Trichy is one of the 14 major railway stations in the country to get the security systems under the integrated security system (ISS). As of now, the passengers' luggage are being scanned at the main entrance, booking office entrance and the parcel office entrance through luggage scanners. With the introduction of UVSS, the vehicles entering the railway junction would come under the scanner.An RPF official said that system would help monitor the objects kept underneath the vehicles. The vehicle scanners placed in the ground would capture the bottom view of the vehicles and transmit the images to the monitor in the UVSS cabin. RPF personnel in the cabin can closely monitor the image and detect the suspected objects if any.As of now, two air-conditioned UVSS cabins have been supplied to the Trichy railway junction. The other equipment like scanners are expected to be supplied soon. Then only the system would start its operations. The bomb detection and disposal squad (BDDS) would take care of the system. Meanwhile, Trichy railway junction has been sanctioned with 67 CCTV cameras under ISS to bring the station under complete surveillance. The installation of the cameras will get underway soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596121", "title": "Sridevi unsure on next film", "text": "Sridevi has made a successful comeback to Bollywood with English Vinglish. But now the actress is caught in a dilemma as she's being wooed for her next project by her husband Booney kappor on one hand, and by producer R. Balki on the other.Speaking right after the film's success, Sridevi said: \"Right now I am in a daze. I've never in my life given so many interviews. I've attended more media events and been seen on more television shows in the past few weeks than my entire life. What I'd like is to take a break, spend time with my husband and daughters. I've only been seeing them sporadically.While Balki plans to cast the actress in a sequel to English Vinglish , Sridevi's husband Boney plans to produce another film that would do justice to his wife's tremendous screen presence.After the phenomenal success of English Vinglish , both Boney Kapoor and R. Balki are keen to do another film with Sridevi, but the veteran actress is still unsure about her next step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595765", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation plans to demolish 6 bus stops", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) plans to remove six bus stops for hampering traffic. These bus stops are on either side of CRP Square, near Museum boundary, at Gopabandhu Square, near Paika Square and Kalpana Square.The civic body has sought concurrence of the police commissionerate for the removal. Out of the five locations, the two bus sheds near Kalpana witness maximum rush of vehicles, causing inconvenience to commuters on the Bhubaneswar-Puri route.\"If the traffic police agrees, we will then seek government's permission for demolition,\" said BMC's assistant commissioner (recovery) Sumitra Behera.Though ACP (traffic) Binod Das said he would undertake another field survey before consenting to the demolition, he admitted that these bus stops cause traffic congestion during peak hours. \"Some of these bus sheds are not being used. Others should be shifted in view of proposed expansion of roads,\" said Das.Local residents demanded removal of a bus shed at Acharya Vihar. \"The bus shed on the way to Science Park creates problems because of the narrow passage. Small vehicles get stuck when a bus halts there,\" said Bijay Mishra, a local resident.The civic body has also identified sites for construction of parking zones for auto-rickshaws at 10 locations - Fire Station Square, frontage of football stadium near Baramunda Kali temple, near Telco office adjoining Baramunda GA Colony, near CRPF campus (on road towards VIP Colony), Jayadev Vihar Square, Sailashree Vihar Square, frontages of Congress Bhavan, Priyadarshini Market, Chandrasekharpur BDA Colony and BMC office.It is essential because 25,000 auto-rickhshaws ply in the city but hardly have any parking space. At present, they are parking at 122 places often inviting the wrath of traffic police. \"Traffic police personnel impose fine when we park on the roadside. Each driver pays fines worth Rs 1,000 a month,\" said Naba Kishore Mohanty, president of Rajdhani Auto-rickshaw Mahasangha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593752", "title": "'Warm' winter maychill by Christmas", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a chilly start, the weather has turned comparatively 'warm' in the city for last few days. The minimum temperature, which had dropped to 7.0 degrees Celsius, the lowest this winter (2012-13), on Wednesday rose to 11.5 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal. The maximum temperature 27.1 degrees Celsius was also two degrees above normal. The month of October and November witnessed lowest temperatures in last 10 years. The weatherman predicted no significant change in the conditions in the east UP, including Lucknow, but light rain may occur at few places in western and northern parts of the state. The mercury levels are expected to drop from next week. The fog density is also likely to increase, paving way for a chilly Christmas .State Met director JP Gupta said that the night temperatures have increased because of the western disturbance over northern hill region of the country. The western disturbance is responsible for the heavy snowfall and rains in the hills, he added. Another western disturbance is approaching India and is expected to hit in next couple of days, he said. The western disturbances cause snowfall and rains, he said, which restricts the flow of northwesterly winds from the hills to Gangetic plains. It results in rise in temperatures in UP, including Lucknow, he added. However, after western disturbance fizzles out and the sky is clear, the dry icy winds coming from the snow-fed areas would start lashing the state again, leading to sudden drop in the mercury levels, he said.The western disturbance hovering over hill region is also expected to cause light rain at few places in north and west UP. The eastern part, including Lucknow, however, is expected to remain dry. At present the state and the city are witnessing shallow fog which clears by noon. However, the density of the fog would increase after western disturbance fizzles out and chilly winds resume. The icy wind would lead to drop in the temperatures and the low mercury levels would condense the moisture content left behind in the atmosphere due to rains and cloudy weather caused by the western disturbance into fog. The density of the fog depends on the quantity of the moisture content in the atmosphere. If moisture content is high, the fog created is thick and dense.According to reports reaching state Met head quarters, maximum temperatures across the state were 2-3 degrees above normal in east and central UP. Light drizzles were reported from some parts of the west UP. The minimum temperatures, however, were 2-5 degrees above normal at most places in the state. However, the districts bordering Uttarakhand recorded low temperatures. The coldest place in the state during last 24 hours was Najibabad which recorded 4.5 degrees Celsius followed by Muzaffarnagar 4.6 degrees Celsius. However, in east UP minimum temperature were high. Both Varanasi and Allahabad recorded around 15 degrees Celsius minimum temperature, five degrees above normal. In Kanpur minimum temperature was 11 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592758", "title": "An animation student 'masters' Bharatanatyam", "text": "PATNA: What one can expect from a boy who is an animation student in Bangalore? A trendy hairstyle, branded and rugged jeans with a baggy T-shirt are what one can think of. And, if he has a fancy for dance, it must be jazz, salsa or hip hop. But Patna boy Tara Shankar Dhir is an odd man out as the second year animation student can be often seen on stage performing Bharatanatyam.Tara had a fad for Bharatanatyam since childhood and he started dancing when he was only a 6-year-old child. When asked why the classical dance form fascinated him, he replied that it was sheer luck. \"As a child I was performing on the occasion of Independence Day when Sudipa Bose, who became my guru later on, foresaw a classical dancer in me.... The other day I found myself enrolled with her training centre,\" recalled Tara.Though the Loyolite was never on the toppers' list in his school, he is least bothered about his academic records \"as high marks were never the yardstick of being a good performer\" for him. His father, Dhirendra Kumar Pandey, a maths teacher, takes pride as he counts the number of prestigious occasions his son has performed. \"Rajgir Mahotsav, Vishwa Nritya Diwas and Onam celebrations, are among the many cultural festivals he had performed in,\" Pandey said.Tara also has a sister, Shwetambari Pandey, who is two years younger to him and also possesses a fancy for Bharatanatyam. While she stopped practice after three years of training, Tara continued it and now possesses an honours degree in the art. In fact, it was Tara's fascination for dancing which inspired Shwetambari to take lessons. His father revealed that his dedication towards Bharatanatyam encouraged other students, too, as Tara used to choreograph fusion dances for them. Even in college, he choreographs acts for his friends.Tara considers himself a complete \"artful package\" as he also has a fad for painting and drawing since childhood. Though not a trained painter, as a child he took interest in making portraits of gods and goddesses but \"classes in sketching as an animation student gave a greater dimension to my drawing skills and, now, I also draw a landscape quite well, though not awesome,\" he said.Asked if he had inherited the passion for the art from his parents, Tara said since his mother, a Hindi teacher in Baldwin Academy, was an active theatre artiste, the love for art was in his blood. But, in his case, the love manifested itself in Bharatanatyam. In fact, he wishes to give a concrete shape to his passion for dancing by opening up a dancing school where he can teach the dance form to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591265", "title": "Ego is an incurable disease: Morari Bapu", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On fourth day of Ram Katha at Karnavati Club, Morari Bapu said devotion is the cure for the tumour of ego. The devotees also celebrated birth of Lord Ram in the Katha.During his speech, Bapu said that everybody is a patient today but few have guts to accept it. \"A doctor can only cure when the patient is ready to be cured. Ego is the main culprit where people like Kumbhkarna want to hear good things about them. They are also lazy as they believe that they have nothing left to do. Only God can fight against this disease,\" said Bapu.He added that devotion to God eradicates the ego slowly and manifests self in various forms. The devotion to God can also take form of service to humanity, society, country and the world at large. \"Every good deed is a form of devotion, be it being happy for somebody's progress or providing help to the poor. Have faith in the guru for your problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593016", "title": "Mystery over lawyer's 'suicide'", "text": "KOLKATA: A young lawyer died of severe burns at MR Bangur Hospital on Wednesday morning. But her death remains shrouded in mystery, with the motive behind her apparent suicide not yet clear to the investigators. Prima facie, the 26-year-old committed suicide at her Thakurpukur home. Police, however, are yet to recover any suicide note. The body has been sent for autopsy.Suma Dey had been practicing at Alipore Court after completing her graduation in law. According to information given to police by the family, Dey went to bed early on Tuesday night.In the wee hours of Wednesday, her parents, who were sleeping in an adjacent room, woke up after hearing her screams. They were shocked to find their daughter in flames. Neighbours, too, rushed to the Deys house on hearing Suma's screams. They managed to douse the flames and rushed her to MR Bangur Hospital, where she succumbed to her injuries. She never regained consciousness.Sources said that Dey used to live at 26 Jaigir Ghat Road under Thakurpukur police station. Police said that the woman was suffering from depression for quite sometime. But the reason behind her depression is yet to be clear. Police suspect that Dey must have waited for her parents to go off to bed. \"Then she poured kerosene and immolated herself,\" said police. The investigators suspect that professional setbacks or a failed affair might have driven her to suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592888", "title": "Schools can expel students travelling on footboard: Madras high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Schools can expel students caught travelling on the footboard of buses, the Madras high court said on Wednesday.Passing interim orders on suo motu proceedings initiated by the court after four students travelling on the footboard of an overcrowded bus were killed in an accident at Kandanchavadi on Rajiv Gandhi Salai (Old Mahabalipuram Road) on Monday, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said, \"If any student is found travelling on the footboard, the matter may be reported not only to the parent of the student concerned, but also to the principal of the school/college concerned. If he repeats the same thing for second or third time, the school may take action for removal of such a student, after issuing notice to the parent.\"A day after the tragic incident, Chief Justice Eqbal, sitting in the Madurai bench with Justice K N Basha, initiated suo motu proceedings and asked the government and transport authorities to explain the safety measures taken to prevent such incidents.In his counter-affidavit on Wednesday, the additional commissioner of police (traffic) said they were planning several measures such as slapping cases on those travelling on the footboard and intimating school/college principals if the violator is a student. Plying special buses on crowded routes, deploying more police personnel to regulate traffic, stringent implementation of traffic rules and forming a special committee comprising personnel from transport corporation and traffic police to monitor implementation of safety measures are some of the solutions offered by the traffic police chief. Student representatives may also be included in the committee, it said.The counter said public awareness programmes for students, distribution of pamphlets and leaflets, advertisements in newspapers, announcing safety tips and offloading students travelling on footboard are also being planned to avoid tragedies on road. The government is organizing a meeting of top officers to analyse the cause of accidents and discuss safety measures to be taken to avoid such accidents in future, it said. Parents must be informed about the stern action that may be taken if they allow children to travel on footboard, the court said. The judges then adjourned the matter to January 2, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596228", "title": "Honoured to work with such legendary artists: Maninder", "text": "Desi Dark Child Records are proud to announce their next release 'Balbiro Bhabhi', which is sure to end this year with a bang.Originally sung by the legendary Surinder Shinda from the movie Balbiro Bhabhi released in 1981, Balbiro Bhabhi now features his son Maninder Shinda who has followed his fathers footsteps and has delivered a powerful vocal on this track. The song will be turning the heads of all traditional Desi music fans by comprising a twist of the dance/dub-step genre giving it that modern twist.\"I feel honored to have the opportunity to work with such legendary artists, it's truly like a dream come true. The feedback and support from my last release \"GT rd\" featuring Kuldeep Manak was overwhelming and I'm hoping that the public will feel the same about Balbiro Bhabhi .\" Maninder Shinda has shown commitment in following his fathers footsteps and just that fact alone for me was enough for me to want to put such a product together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591707", "title": "55 BEd colleges get 3-month breather", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are a BEd student of Bangalore University, you are on your own if your institution loses affiliation. The acting VC of the varsity said as much while briefing newspersons after a syndicate meeting on Wednesday.\"Students too should be responsible. Before taking admission, they should look at the infrastructural facility of the institution and if the college is affiliated to the varsity or not,\" said N Rangaswamy , acting VC. He was referring to the plight of thousands of students of 55 BEd colleges recommended for disaffiliation by a BU task force.The syndicate decided to give the colleges three months time to set right the irregularities cited by the task force. \"We cannot disaffiliate the colleges as it is not in the larger interest of students,\" said Rangaswamy.The syndicate also decided that the varsity will allocate Rs 1 lakh each to all departments to come up with basic infrastructure. Moreover, Rs 10,000 each will be allotted to departments for seminars too. The meeting also approved the varsity's budget estimate for the year 2013-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592716", "title": "3, including ex-employee, held for cheating British Council of 62 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Crime Branch police on Tuesday arrested an ex-acting head of internal services of the British Council division and his two brothers-in-law for cheating the British Council of 62.5 lakh.A complaint from Padmapriya, head, resources, South India, British Council, alleged that Marcello Philbert along with his brothers-in-law Dominic Magee and Brice Anthony Magee prepared documents in the name of JMJ enterprises to show that the firm supplied stationery, toiletries and other items worth 62.50 lakh to the Council.The incident came to light when an internal audit two months ago found that ther was no such firm as JMJ Enterprises. \"They conducted enquiries with him and suspended him based on his confessions,\" said an investigating officer.The CCB questioned Marcello and found that when he was acting head of internal services of the Council from August 9, 2011 to January 17, 2012, he connived with his brothers-in-law to commit the crime. He also made sure the act didn't come to light, by concealing the documents.The three were picked up from their house in Jawahar Nagar, Madhavaram.Police registered a case under IPC Section 465 (punishment for forgery), 467 (forgery of valuable security, will), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record), 477A (falsification of accounts)They were produced before chief metropolitan magistrate court in Egmore and remanded in judicial custody", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593449", "title": "Pro-Telangana parties may boycott all-party meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: Accusing the Centre of playing politics and lacking seriousness in resolving the Telangana issue, pro-Telangana political parties including the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) and BJP are contemplating boycotting the all-party meeting scheduled for December 28.Commenting on the contents of the invitation, B Vinod Kumar, a politburo member of the TRS, said the letter said the Union home ministry had called for the meeting at the behest of a few MPs and made it clear that it was not a government initiative.Taking objections to two representatives being invited from each party, Vinod urged the home minister to re-draft the letter so that it would be clear in asking the parties to come with a single opinion on Telangana.\"The letter is ambiguous and says the meeting is being organised in response to the representation of some of the Congress MPs, and that means it is not the all-party meeting called by the Centre on its own. Secondly, the invitation must clearly say that a particular party must come with a single opinion. Let them re-draft the letter and send it again, or we may have to consider boycotting the meeting,\" said Vinod Kumar.Yet to decide on participation in the meeting, the BJP said there was no sanctity to the all-party meeting as the Union home ministry was not keen on it. G Kishan Reddy, state president of the BJP, said the Congress was playing politics just to strike a balance within the party amidst discordant notes on Telangana. He urged the government to call the national presidents of the parties to the all-party meeting, if it was serious.\"There is no point in state leaders like me or Botsa Satyanarayana attending the meeting. Sonia Gandhi from Congress and Nitin Gadkari from BJP must be there. State party presidents N Chandrababu Naidu and Y S Jaganmohan Reddy must represent the TDP and YSR Congress respectively. As there are many issues to be addressed, we have not yet decided whether we should attend the meeting,\" said Kishan Reddy.K Narayana, state secretary of CPI, lambasted the Centre for its non-serious approach in inviting the political parties to the meeting. However, he said he and his party MLA G Mallesh would attend the meeting. CPM leaders said the Congress had to make its Telangana stand clear before the all-party meeting. However, they said they had not yet decided on taking part in the meeting.Interestingly, YSR Congress which is dubbed as Samaikyandhra party said it had not received the invitation for the all-party meeting. However, the leaders of the party said the Congress must make its stand clear before the meeting. \"We have officially not received the invitation. We will discuss in the party once we receive it, on our participation. However, the Congress must make its stand clear in public before the meeting,\" Mekapati Rajmohan Reddy, Nellore YSR Congress MP, said.The MIM said it would send two representatives to the meeting but made it clear that the Congress should make its position clear on the separate state demand before the all-party meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592209", "title": "Boy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death: Kanjhawala locals protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost two weeks after the death of a 17-year-old due to celebratory gunfire at outer Delhi, over 100 locals, including the victim's father, protested outside Kanjhawala police station and outer district DCP's office on Wednesday demanding action against the accused after a burnt body was recovered in Uttar Pradesh.Police said the body did not match with Sunil Kumar, the deceased.Sunil's father Rajender Singh, a labourer, claimed police had evidence against the accused. \"The cops saw parts of my son's head and blood stains on the spot. They found .12 bore cartridges and concluded that four men had put his body in a car before setting it afire,\" he said. Sunil, unemployed, had dropped out of school to earn for his family.He had visited the wedding with a friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596263", "title": "Great music by DSP, says Karthi", "text": "The audio launch of the film 'Alex Pandian' starring Karthi and Anushka took place yesterday on the birthday of superstar Rajinikanth , who played the original Alex Pandian in his movie. The music of the film has been composed by Devi Sri Prasad, and it's being directed by Suraj.With the audio of ' Alex Pandian ' hitting the stores yesterday, Karthi Sivakumar said Devi Sri Prasad's songs in the movie will be well received. Speaking at the function Karthi said \"Understanding fully well the pulse of today's audience, DSP has come out with great music. Besides racy songs, there are a couple of melodies too.\"Apart from the lead actors, Santhanam will follow a comedy track in the film. The team has opted to use different lyricists for the tracks with the likes of Vaali, Viveka, Karunakaran and Pa Vijay all featuring in the album.Karthi further added that the director Suraj has good music knowledge and that the combo of DSP and Suraj have offered a complete treat to the audience in terms of songs and their visuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591942", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra follows Amar Singh and Jayaprada route", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday provided Pyarimohan Mohapatra, the friend-turned-political foe of BJD chief and Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik , a fresh lease of life in Parliament by permitting him to float a new party without losing his Rajya Sabha membership following his expulsion.A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar, after hearing counsel Suresh Tripathy, ordered that \"pending hearing of the writ petition, the 1996 decision of the Supreme Court in the case G Viswanathan vs Speaker, Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly shall not be applied to the writ petitioner (Mohapatra)\".In the 1996 decision, the SC had ruled that under the anti-defection law, an MLA or MP, after being expelled from a political party on whose ticket he had got elected, could not form another political party and continue to be dictated by the whip of the parent party.Tripathy said Mohapatra fell in the same category as Amar Singh and Jayaprada , who were exempted by the apex court from the rigour of the 1996 judgment after their expulsion from Samajwadi Party in February 2010.The petitioner said, \"Interpretation in Vishwanathan's case leads to an anomalous result. BJD has since expelled petitioner from the party and yet, because of the law laid down in Vishwanathan's case, petitioner would not be free to form a political party and would continue to be dictated by the whips issued by BJD.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17596623", "title": "BJP plans show of strength", "text": "RAMGARH: Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) workers are preparing for the 'hunkaar' rally scheduled to take place in Ramgarh on December 21.The rally will be addressed by chief minister Arjun Munda , MP Yashwant Sinha and state party president Dineshanand Goswami. Senior party leaders as well as district and block level workers have been meeting for the last one month even in remote and isolated villages to make the rally a success. Sinha himself is monitoring the preparations and he visited various place including Gola and Ramgarh to talk to party workers.Political observers in Ramgarh believe the rally may be BJP's strongest reply to All Jharkhand Student's Union (Ajsu) Party - an ally in the ruling coalition - who recently organized a huge rally in Hazaribag which was addressed by deputy chief minister Sudesh Kumar Mahto and state labour and employment minister Chandra Prakash Chaudhary.Ajsu Party leaders had criticized the Hazaribag MP and blamed him for poor condition of roads in the district. BJP district president Narayan Chandra Bhoumik immediately called a press meet in Ramgarh and clarified that an Ajsu Party minister held the REO portfolio and PWD ministers were responsible for the poor condition of roads. Ajsu Party has already announced the candidature of Chaudhary, Ramgarh MLA and minister for the forthcoming parliamentary elections in 2014 from Hazaribag parliamentary segment, against Sinha.Chaudhary said: \"Hunkaar rally in Ramgarh will be the biggest show of strength by the BJP since the creation of Jharkhand. The rally will highlight the developmental and welfare schemes being carried out by the government and that will be a fitting reply to the accusations of our political opponents.\" He added that hundreds of party workers as well as senior leaders are busy preparing for the historic rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17596342", "title": "Asom Yuva Parishad gives 7 days to Seba for allotting admit cards", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Asom Yuva Parishad (AYP), the youth wing of AGP, on Wednesday gave a seven-day ultimatum to the Secondary Education Board of Assam (Seba) for allotting admit cards to students for the High School Leaving Certificate (HSLC) examinations.Hundreds of AYP members gheraoed the Seba office and protested against the irregularities in the board. This came after Seba failed to provide admit cards to candidates of the HSLC examinations within the prescribed date.\"Last year, cows ate up the answer scripts of HSLC candidates due to negligence of the board. Moreover, many students had to sit for a re-examination as question papers were leaked. This year, the Seba failed to provide admit cards on the prescribed date. When will the state government and the education department learn from their mistakes? They cannot make the students scapegoats,\" said Dipak Deka, general secretary of AYP.The HSLC exams are to be held on February 20 next year and the Seba was supposed to give admit cards to the candidates three months before the scheduled date. The youth wing of the regional party also blamed the chairman of the board, Shantikam Hazarika, of mishandling the board for his personal gains.\"Hazarika in his tenure misused the board for his personal gains. He not only allotted fake certificates to Congress MLA Piyush Hazarika, but also assigned the printing of exam papers to a Mumbai-based publishing house illegally. He has no right to continue as the chairman,\" added the activists of AYP.The AYP announced to launch a massive protest against the board if their demands are not met on time. Earlier, the All Assam Studetns' Union (Aasu) also said that they will intensify their protest against Seba irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17596390", "title": "Dhoni, Deepika Kumari to play poll role to motivate young voters", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Election Commission has decided to engage Team India skipper M S Dhoni and Olympian archer Deepika Kumari as its ambassadors to motivate the voters, particularly the urban ones, to exercise their franchise. The decision was taken following unimpressive turnout of urban voters in the successive elections to the state assembly and Parliament.\"The turnout of urban voters is comparatively less than the rural ones. Hence to convince them we will engage both Dhoni and Deepika who will also have a element of glamour in their appeals,\" said chief Electoral Officer of Jharkhand P K Jajoria, who was here on Wednesday to review the progress of the ongoing revision of the voters' list, said the fresh electoral rolls will be out by January 15.Talking to reporters, Jajoria said all district headquarters were asked to send the revised electoral roll to the state commission by December 25 which will be forwarded to the Election Commission by December 31. \"I don't think we will fail to meet the deadline. If required, additional personnel shall be hired for data feeding work.\" He also said about 10,000 voters from across the 81 assembly constituencies of the state had approached the EC in their respective districts for amending their voter cards.According to Jajoria, at present there are about 1.97crore voters in the state and every year about 3% new voters are enrolling with the EC. He, however, said the pace of online entry of applications on the same day of receiving them from the applicants was slow. \"So far, 40% of the work was complete we need to speed up,\" said the electoral officer adding 88% of the work of making new voters id card was complete in the state, said Jajoria.Earlier, Jajoria chaired the meeting of the Kolhan division officials at the conference room of the district headquarters and reviewed the electoral roll revision work.The three deputy commissioners of the East Singhbhum, West SInghbhum and Seraikela-Kharswan districts along with other senior officials attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17591763", "title": "India aim to save series and honour in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The morning before the final Test match, the first thing Indian skipper MS Dhoni did was to walk up to the pitch.A long look at the 22 yards was followed by a chat with the curator. Perhaps, not satisfied with the curator's brief, Dhoni opted for 'hands-on' experience. He took the ball and rolled his arm over with the curator doubling up as the 'keeper.Failure makes you check out things for yourself rather than trusting others. It also asks many questions of you. What team combination to go with? Who to trust to put runs on the board? Who to fall back on to take wickets? How to thwart England and save the series?\"If you are part of Indian cricket, you'll see that everything is under the microscope and everyone has an opinion. The good thing or the bad thing is that everybody asks questions, but nobody comes up with a solution,\" Dhoni said with his characteristic cool during the pre-Test press conference.The skipper has his hands full as he and his men try to win the Test which begins on Thursday and gain some respectability back. Else, a 1-3 series loss will further dent his already shaky position as the leader of the team.The failure of frontline spinners has put a big question mark over Team India's invincibility at home. More than their inability to dismiss the batsmen, what has hurt more is the ease with which the Englishmen handled R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha in Kolkata in the third Test.With fresh faces coming into the team, the bowling composition is sure to change.What remains to be seen is what combination Dhoni goes in with. Whether he opts for two medium-pacers and three spinners or just a four-bowler attack will be known on Thursday morning.The batting too hasn't been up to the mark. At the top, Gautam Gambhir may not find favour with the selectors for too long now. The other opener, Virender Sehwag, has not delivered after the first Test. India need something big from the opening combo if they have to beat back England's challenge.Pujara's early dismissals in Kolkata saw the middle-order gasping. Had it not been for Ashwin's knock, India would have had to undergo the humiliation of an innings defeat.On the other hand, the last two Tests have been near perfect for England. With skipper Alastair Cook leading from the front, they look a well-rounded outfit. Needless to say, they are favourites to win a Test series on Indian soil after 28 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17591217", "title": "BJP forced to withdraw Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Preservation Bill 2012 because of a technical error", "text": "BELGAUM: The BJP was forced to withdraw the Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Preservation Bill 2012 on Wednesday because of a technical error.Amid uproar in the assembly, the Bill was withdrawn following a printing mistake as the version in Kannada differed from the English one. While the Kannada version mentioned Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Preservation Bill, 2011, the English one referred to the year as 2012. The government is likely to re-introduce the Bill again on Thursday, the last day of the session.As animal husbandry minister Revu Naik Belmagi tabled the Bill, opposition members shouted slogans, termed it anti-people and anti-democratic. JD(S) members staged a dharna in the well of the House demanding immediate withdrawal of the Bill. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah alleged that the Bill is aimed at dividing society on communal lines.The Bill proposes to amend the Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Cattle Prevention Act, 1964, to expand the definition of cow and include bull and bullock in the category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593468", "title": "RTC to drive in Pushpak for Hyderabad flyers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) will launch 30 dedicated air-conditioned Pushpak buses to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) from various parts of the city on December 14. Transport minister will officially flag off the dedicated bus service for airport passengers.APSRTC managing director AK Khan on Wednesday said, in a press release, that 30 Pushpak buses would be operated to the airport on four different routes of the city. \"Depending on the passenger rush, 10 additional buses will be plied besides the 30 Pushpak buses, which will replace the existing Aeroexpress service operated by GMR ,'' AK Khan said. The Pushpak services would orginiate/stop at the designated shelters of Aeroexpress.The 34-seater Pushpak bus, a low-floor bus which has sufficient space for passenger luggage, would be operated between 5am and midnight. \"Except during non-peak hours (12 noon to 3pm), buses will be available on all the four routes at a frequency of 30 minutes. During non-peak hours, the frequency will be a bus service every hour,'' RTC officials said.APSRTC has fixed Pushpak fare at Rs 200, Rs 150 and Rs 100 depending on the distance. For frequent fliers, bus passes will be available for Rs 2,000 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17593704", "title": "'Transfer funds to gram panchayats in need'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP rural development department has been ordered to follow the Maharashtra model. The officers have been directed to transfer the funds from gram panchayats where less or no work is going on under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) to gram panchayats where more funds are required for the scheme. Rajiv Kumar, principal secretary, RD, on Wednesday, asked the joint development commissioners and chief development officers to transfer funds from one GP to another, depending on the need.Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh , in a meeting with the UPRD officers on December 5, had asked to transfer funds from one gram panchayat to another depending on the requirement, like done in Maharashtra. He also asked the officers to feed the information about spending of funds into the management information system (MIS) only when 60% funds have been spent. The MIS feeding has to be 100%. The Chief Development Officers and Panchayat Development Officers will be pulled up in case the spending of funds is less than 60% in the gram sabhas. He also directed the CDOs to visit villages, and upload inspection reports on the website. The department will also have to complete social audit by March. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591903", "title": "Denied fuel, tehsildars travel in ST buses", "text": "PUNE: Tehsildars working in the district have not been using their official vehicles for almost a week now as the state government has failed to sanction an outstanding amount of Rs 17 lakh towards their fuel expenses. With the allowance pending for the last several months, the officials have now decided to travel in state transport buses till the issue is resolved.There are 14 tehsildars working in the jurisdiction of the district collectorate. The vehicles have been parked on the premises of the district collector's office. Every taluka place has a tehsil office, while a tehsildar is responsible for issuing various certificates, sanctioning works and conducting inspections in the taluka.\"Use of vehicles is inevitable as we have to carry out inspections in our jurisdiction every day. We have been facing difficulties in meeting expenses on fuel as the grants are pending for last many months. Even if a grant is approved, the entire amount is not sanctioned. The government should look into the issue on an urgent basis as it could hamper our daily work,\" tehsildars said. Officials in the revenue department said the issue was raised with chief minister but there was no satisfactory outcome. Rohini Akhade, tehsildar, general branch, said the officials were not using their official vehicles since December 7. The matter has been taken up with the government repeatedly but to no avail.Sources in the district administration said that some steps have been taken to resolve the issue. The office of the divisional commissioner has asked a report on details of unpaid grants. Also, three more vehicles have been sanctioned for tehsildars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17595175", "title": "When the maestro's music mesmerized Hubli", "text": "DHARWAD: A pall of gloom descended on the music fraternity in Dharwad on Wednesday as news of sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar's passing away spread. Though Dharwad, the hub of Hindustani music, was not fortunate to host a live concert by Pandit Ravi Shankar, Hubli was lucky to have him twice, when he performed in 1954 and 1970.Baburao Hangal, son of doyen of Hindustani classical music Gangubai Hangal, recalls how Panditji had enthralled the audience with his mesmerizing performance. Panditji stayed in Gangubai's house for three days when he came for the concert at the Railway Institute by Hubli Art Circle in 1954.\"Noted tabla maestro Allah Rakha was also there with Panditji and both stayed in our house as Hubli did not have good hotels or lodges at that time. It was a memorable experience listening to the stalwarts of the musical world,\" says Baburao.It was again in 1970 that Panditji visited Hubli for a concert when Kishan Maharaj accompanied him on the tabla. Music giants Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, MS Subbulakshmi, Mallikarjun Mansur, Basavaraj Rajguru and Gangubai Hangal also performed on the occasion. Kathak maestro Birju Maharaj was there to enthrall dance lovers.Music connoisseur and president of Bharateeya Sangeeta Vidyalaya of Dharwad, Raghavendra Ayi, recalls Panditji's performance. \"It was a ticketed programme at New English School premises in Hubli. As we were students, I and two of my friends could not afford three tickets. So we bought one ticket and attended the three-hour programme taking turns, each listening to Panditji for an hour,'' he reminisces.Ayi remembers how Panditji was annoyed due to some disturbance during the concert. Sumati Madiman who was the MLA representing Dharwad rural constituency had invited the then chief minister of Mysore State Veerendra Patil. The CM arrived late with his supporters and this led to some chaos in the front row. An annoyed Panditji stopped playing and said he would not resume till things settled down. \"It was only after an apologetic Patil asked his people to be silent that the concert continued,\" says Ayi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591576", "title": "Lab assistant's lie caught as he tries to cash in on dengue scare", "text": "MUMBAI: A conman trying to cash in on the dengue scare in the city landed in trouble after he tried to cheat a film producer in Oshiwara by giving him a fake report for his blood test.The producer, who was ill, wanted to get his blood tested and had accordingly, got the phone number of the accused-who works in a pathological laboratory-from a helpline.Sensing an opportunity to make a quick buck, the conman submitted a fake blood report to the producer, stating that his platelet count had dropped drastically and that he was likely to be suffering from the dreaded dengue. He advised the producer to undergo multiple blood tests, planning to fleece the latter of Rs 5,000.When the producer consulted his doctor, he asked him to do another blood test. When the report tested negative for dengue, the producer confronted the conman and asked him to accompany him to the police station. The man accepted his guilt and said he had lost his parents in childhood and managed to study till Std XII by doing odd jobs. The producer decided not to pursue the matter as it was the man's first offence.An officer from Oshiwara police station said they are probing the allegation and will decide the course of action after recording the producer's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17592982", "title": "Police did the wrong thing at Loba: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday confessed that wrongs were committed at Loba in Birbhum and Tehatta in Nadia. In Loba and Tehatta, police opened fire facing resistance from the villagers. Earlier, the chief minister defended the police action. But on Wednesday, the chief minister chose the investiture ceremony of the West Bengal Police, at Nazrul Mancha, for self criticism. The chief minister also holds the home portfolio.\"In Loba and Tehatta, there were problems. Police did not do the right thing. But that does not mean that whatever police do is wrong, neither all police personnel are bad. A policeman has to do everything, if there is a small mistake, the hell breaks loose. People think that police fail to give protection. I also thought the same way earlier. But now I realize the huge task they perform everyday,\" she said.\"But there must be rewards for those who are doing duty braving all odds,\" she said. She repeatedly mentioned the peace in Jangalmahal as one of the biggest achievements of police. Referring to Jangalmahal, the chief minister said that the process of recruiting 15,000 youths in the police force has already begun. These youths could never dream of getting a decent job. Now, they can really dream big. With them, there will be a surge in development in Jangalmahal. They will secure the future of Bengal.\"Keeping in mind the impending panchayat election, Mamata Banerjee also introduced village police in the model of the civic police in the city. \"Earlier, there used to be chowkidars in every village. They used to be the ears and eyes of the administration. Police get to know all important developments of a village. But my predecessor abolished the chowkidar system. I am introducing the village police once again.\" Some of the village youths were handed over the recruitment letters.The chief minister also hinted that she would consider offering voluntary retirement scheme to police personnel above 55, who are finding it difficult to carry on with the tough job. \"I will also try to consider whether a youth from the family of the policeman opting for VRS could be offered a job,\" she added.She said that police has a very tough live. They do not have a Puja or an Eid. They cannot even go for a holiday.She also praised their families. \"They could have never performed their duty, if their wives and children did not sacrifice. So, the credit of all these awards of bravery, efficiency, sincerity and selfless services go to their families only,\" she said.Mamata said that her government's policy is to ensure shelter for all police personnel, health insurance for all. I have made it sure that police personnel can get treatment in super specialty hospital like Belle View Hospital. But at the same time she expressed her despondence at the failing financial health of the state. \"My predecessors have put the state in such a plight that no one would buy it even if the state is put on auction. We earn Rs 21,000 crore, whereas we spend Rs 26,000 crore as interest. How can we build road, school, create jobs. But despite all odds, we have not stopped paying salary to anyone\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596075", "title": "Brazilian cinema is finding its own identity: Helena Ignez", "text": "\"Everyone can make a cinema if you are a thinker and a visualiser,\" says Brazilian cinema icon Helena Ignez, when asked what was her motivation behind her 53-year-old career that began with The Courtyard in 1959.The legendary actress and filmmaker, who was at the International Film Festival of Kerala, has been an integral part of Brazilian cinema, making films that changed its landscape in the early 60s and represented women as tour de force when the country was under a militaristic regime and when films weren't the most popular entertainment medium.Helena, who had made a transition from a Law student to a drama major, says, \"I didn't what was it that drove me to films or theatre but I just knew I had to do it. Back then Brazilian cinema had a lot of censorship issues and filmmakers broke barriers, relationships and lives to make movies.\"Ask her about her favourite Indian director and Helena is quick to say Satyajit Ray's name, explaining she's seen some of his movies and describes them as masterpieces.On the challenges now faced by Brazilian cinema, she says, \"Like India, Brazil is a multi-cultural country and the true challenge lies in finding the true face of the cinema. The people are currently being de-colonised in their minds and finding their own identities.\"Ask her if the influence of Hollywood movies is profound and the Red Light Bandit actress says, \"I have always thought that influence of what is coming from abroad is not important. To look abroad and think English is a bad influence at this point when the creative evolution has just begun.\"Similar to the current wave of Malayalam cinemas, the actress tells us, \"The stress right now is to make low-budget movies that are high in quality in terms of interpretation and content.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17592476", "title": "SFI, ABVP again at blame game in Himachal Pradesh University", "text": "SHIMLA: Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and Student Federation of India (SFI) activists in Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) are once again at loggerheads, blaming each other for unlawful activities in the campus.ABVP campus president Kushal Kaundal on Wednesday alleged that SFI activists and Left-dominated Student Central Association (SCA) were promoting stay of outsiders in the campus. Claiming that SFI members indulge in liquor consumption in hostel premises and create ruckus after that, ABVP members demanded an inquiry into the matter. Retorting to claims by ABVP, the Leftist student outfit on Wednesday alleged that some ABVP students pursuing MTA course (semester II) managed to clear the semester without writing the exams. Producing attendance sheets and memo of attendance from the evaluation branch of HPU, procured through RTI, SFI members and SCA president Rahul Chauhan claimed that some ABVP students were marked absent in the memo sheet, however, they were declared 'pass' in the gazette sheet. SFI too demanded a high-level inquiry into the matter, alleging involvement of varsity authorities as well.HPU has a history of clashes between the two outfits. University authorities had ordered indefinite closure of all boys' hostels from June 14 earlier this year following massive clashes between SFI and ABVP members. The warring outfits had resorted to stone-pelting and police had to resort to lathi-charge to disburse the students. Nearly 25 students got injured in the clashes and hostel property was also damaged. The state high court too had intervened, ordering indefinite closure of boys' hostels. During raids conducted on the directions of the high court, police had recovered around 200 knives, swords and 110 lathis from the hostels. A police report had outlined that the 7 boys' hostels were overcrowded with unauthorized occupants with at least 2,000 students living in buildings having capacity for only 810 occupants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17595864", "title": "When Pandit Ravi Shankar made Mysore princes' day", "text": "MYSORE: Some twenty-five minutes into their concert at San Diego this October, the city's celebrated violinist duo -Mysore Manjunath and Mysore Nagaraj - got a pleasant shock.Who should wheel in to the US city's Sea Side auditorium, but legendary sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar. For the next two hours, the sitarist sat in the front row and enjoyed their concert. \"We didn't know how to respond. In his honour we played his beloved Hindola raga though it was not on our list for the evening,\" musician Mysore Manjunath told The Times of India.The duo was touring the US hosting concerts in 22 cities. They knew that Pt Ravi Shankar was recuperating in San Diego, but didn't think of inviting him as they thought he would be unavailable. On October 19 when their concert began at 6pm, the auditorium was packed. A little later Ravi Shankar accompanied by a nurse came in a wheelchair. \"It showed his passion for music. It was a privilege,\" recalls an overwhelmed Mysore Manjunath.There was another surprise in store for the duo. The sitarist told them something that they will never ever forget. \"I've heard about the two princes from Mysore and wanted to listen to them live,\" Mysore Manjunath said quoting Ravi Shankar. That a 92 year old came to our concert is an honour, he said, adding the music icon had just been discharged from hospital three days before their concert.The maestro was not new to springing surprises. In the late 1960s he came to Mysore to meet noted violinist Chowdaiah. But the violinist was away in Tamil Nadu. When Chowdaiah's cousin T Gururajappa, also a musician, learnt about Pt Ravi Shankar's visit, he invited him to his Vonti Koppal residence where the sitar maestro played for an hour. \"It was exciting. Though he was well-known by then, he was child-like,\" recollects C R Himamshu, the grand-nephew of Chowdaiah, who was 10 years old then. There were some 80 invited guests, he said.The sitarist has swayed Mysoreans at Dasara festivities too. The Gangubai Hangal University of Music and Performing Arts paid rich tributes to the sitar player. The staff and students observed a two-minute silence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592146", "title": "Govt panel drops women lawyers, irks ASG Jaising", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's first woman additional solicitor general Indira Jaising criticized the Centre's decision to drop several \"competent\" women lawyers from its panel for handling government litigation in the Supreme Court and asked law minister Ashwani Kumar whether they needed a 'godfather' to succeed in the legal profession.Recent changes in the panel of lawyers made Jaising, who is among a handful of women lawyers designated as senior advocates in the country, write to the law minister complaining that though the government took pride in empowering women through various steps, the dropping of 'competent' women lawyers from the central government panel had sent a wrong message.\"This can only send a very wrong message to the (legal) profession as a whole and to women in particular that there is no place for them in the profession. Even otherwise, the perception among people is that only those with powerful godfathers or godmothers (of which there may be very few) can progress in the profession,\" Jaising said.She said this perception needed urgent correction and a message ought to be sent out loud and clear if \"we mean to encourage competent lawyers and women in particular\". \"Several women I know who have assisted me competently have been dropped from the panels with no notice or appreciable reason,\" she said, justifying her angst against the alleged arbitrary dropping of women lawyers from the panels.She clarified that she was not advocating priority for women but said the government needed to guard against them being discriminated against in a systemic manner. \"I recognize that 'merit' and 'competence' must be the guiding principles in making appointments and selection, but it is a matter of common knowledge that 'merit' itself is not a neutral word but a social construct, which tends to entrench the privilege of the privileged.\"I have no doubt that women lawyers can assist in formulating policies which are just and fair to all concerned,\" she said while expressing concern over the dismal representation of women in the legal profession.\"They are also grossly underrepresented in the judiciary. Indeed, one would expect that they constitute at least 50% of the judiciary as they do in population. There is need to address these issues on an urgent basis,\" she added.\"A glance at the number of women designated senior counsel show that there are only four to five such designated seniors in the Supreme Court. This is the position in all the high courts as well. All these issues do require the attention of policy makers and of law makers,\" she further said.In another letter addressed to the Chief Justice of India, Jaising requested Justice Altamas Kabir to explore the possibility of providing a creche facility within the Supreme Court for women lawyers who may want to leave their toddlers there while attending to work in the court.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593527", "title": "Heritage library opens at Chowmahalla", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chowmahalla Palace now has a new addition to its ever burgeoning list of exhibits and it's not a vintage car or a buggy, but a 'Heritage Library.'Thrown open to the public, this is a one-of-its-kind library with around 10,000 books built up with the personal collection of the Asaf Jahi Nizams. Its natural vintage look, refurbished furniture from the Nizam's era along with paintings and portraits of the Nizams amidst pin drop silence makes a perfect setting for research scholars.The massive collection of books and manuscripts predominantly belonging to the VI Nizam Mir Mahbub Ali Khan, VII Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan and the titular Nizam Mukarram Jah was lying scattered in different palaces including the Nazri Bagh Palace at King Koti, Chiraan Palace and the Bellavista Palace, the erstwhile residence of Azam Jah, elder son of VII Nizam.G Kishan Rao, director, Chowmahalla Palace, said the books have been cataloged according to the Library of Congress , US, which is an unparalleled world resource.There are century-old books on history, geography, literature, law, medicine, biographies, poetry, a good number of books on Islamic culture, rare manuscripts in Persian, Urdu, Arabic and English. The collection that stands out according to London-based historian Ziauddin Ahmed Shakeb is the rich collection of Qurans in calligraphic font. \"The VII Nizam was always pleased to receive copies of the Quran on his birthdays. And the best way was to present the Qurans written in the finest calligraphy,\" said Shakeb. \"There are also some extremely rare manuscripts in Arabic and Persian on Islamic Law, philosophy, history and scientific literature besides biographies,\" he said.Narendra Luther, an eminent authority on the history and culture of erstwhile Hyderabad state and its rulers, said that it is customary in Islam that the ruler is the master of sword and pen and the first two nizams Mir Qamaruddin Khan and Mir Nizam Ali Khan and the last two Nizams Mir Mahbub Ali Khan and Mir Osman Ali Khan were poets.\"Sometimes, Osman Ali Khan used to compose poetry which he would send to Urdu papers, which used to be published on the front page of the newspaper,\" said Luther. When the VII Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan died, 'Band Kiwar'- one of Luther's four Urdu books, was lying at his bedside. Other books like 'Indian Problems' by Lord Irwin, 'Prosperous British India' by William Digby CIE and 'The Story of My Life' by Sir Edward Clarke stands out.People were also reaching out for 'The Harim and the Purdah-Studies of Oriental Women' by Elizabeth Cooper, which is part of some of the English books in the large collection. A major chunk of the English books are first editions and which were published in London and England.All these books had suffered a bad attack of termites and wood louse before they were shifted to Mehtab Mahal in the Chowmahalla Palace premises where they were treated and catalogued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17592315", "title": "Protest against hostel management", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 200 students of various colleges staying in Dr Ambedkar Government College Boys Hostel on Dr Balasundaram road in the city conducted a road block on Wednesday evening. The students complained that the hostel management was serving them poor quality food and the facilities were inadequate. More than 100 working men are residing at the hostel but government officials seem indifferent to their plight, the students said. Revenue officials were finally able to pacify the students to withdraw their protests, which disrupted traffic for about 20 minutes.\"The quality of the food and water is really bad. Sanitation facilities are the worst and the entire hostel smells very bad. We are only requesting for basic clean facilities. But the government is not ready to do anything for us. The hostel comes under the Adi Dravidars welfare department. There are 200 students who share the hostel with working men. Sometimes conflict arises between the students and the working men,\" said G P Srinivasan, final year MA (history), Government arts college, Coimbatore.The hostel students are studying at various government and government aided colleges in Coimbatore city. They were selected to reside in the hostel by officials of the Adi Dravidars welfare department. \"The hostel management serves very poor quality rice and vegetables. Thus our health has deteriorated. The officials should resolve these issues and take proper action against the hostel warden,\" said K Parthiban, final year BSC (physics) student, Sri Ramakrishna Mission Vidayala Arts and Science college, Perianaickenpalayam.Around 6.20 pm, the students sat on Dr Balasundaram road and raised slogans against the hostel management. Race course police rushed to the spot and held talks with the students. Meanwhile, North Tahsildar Rafi Ahmed visited the hostel and held talks with the students who told him about the poor food and facilities. Rafi Ahmed assured them that some of the students would be taken to meet with the welfare officials with whom they could resolve all issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591766", "title": "Centre tells Maharashtra and civic bodies to opt for PPP model", "text": "PUNE: The Union government has directed the state government and municipal corporations to opt for public-private partnership (PPP) model for implementing infrastructure development projects.In a communique, the ministry of urban development has said the government will give priority to PPP models. \"There is urgent need to augment urban infrastructure. However, the Central government will support and fund PPP models. The government has asked the state government and municipal corporations to prepare infrastructure development proposals and forward them to the Centre for the second phase of JNNURM works,\" said a senior civic official. One of the key objectives of JNNURM phase-II is to streamline the PPP model, the official said.According to the Central government, there is a critical need for streamlining PPP in infrastructure development not only because it brings in the much-needed capital, but also because it brings about greater efficiency and higher levels of customer satisfaction.Given the fact that the total investment over the last 20 years is approximately one-tenth of that required, PPP needs to be considered as one of the key strategies to increase investment in the sector, Urban development minister Kamal Nath recently said.The Central government has asked the state and municipal corporations to study the implementation of projects on PPP basis in Nagpur, Hubli, Dharwad and Navi Mumbai as these projects have been able to demonstrate excellent service outcome such as round-the-clock supply and lower incidence of diseases without significant increase in cost to consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596329", "title": "Dj Harpz back with Nakra Panjaban Dha", "text": "After the success of his debut single 'Jaan Nachdi' Dj Harpz is back with his new single entitled 'Nakra Panjaban Dha' taken from his debut album 'You Think You Know' which features the vocals of Sukhwinder Panchi.Now signed to E3UK Records with a exciting new worldwide deal Harpz is ready to unleash his material to the world.'You Think You Know' features many talented singers such as Bakshi Billa, Sukhwinder Panchi, Bikram Singh, Inder Kooner (En Karma), Meet Malkit &amp; some huge surprises. 'Nakra Panjaban Dha' features the vocals of Sukhwinder Panchi.'You Think You Know', the forthcoming album from Dj Harpz is releasing soon on E3UK Records.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592177", "title": "Ex-poll chief gets 5-yr jail in corruption case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after convicting Delhi's former chief electoral officer - S Malaichamy - for amassing assets disproportionate to the known sources of his income, a court sentenced the IAS officer to 5 years of jail along with a fine of Rs 10 lakh. The court also ordered confiscation of his immovable property equivalent to the disproportionate assets amount.While sentencing Malaichamy, special CBI judge Dinesh Kumar Sharma said in his order, \"The convict in this case has been held to have amassed huge properties in his name and in the name of the members of his family. The conduct of the convict was apparently daredevil, where his close family was openly indulging themselves in advancing loans to the private parties. I consider that in such facts and circumstances, rigorous imprisonment for five years and fine of Rs 10 lakh\".Malaichamy, who was also former managing director of Delhi Khadi and Village Industries Board, was held guilty under Section 13 (1) (e) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The disproportionate assets case dates back to 2002 when the CBI had registered a case against him for possessing assets worth over Rs 50 lakh more than his known source of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592589", "title": "2G scam: JPC to re-examine ex-CAG official", "text": "NEW DELHI: Angry opposition members prevailed upon Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) chairperson P C Chacko to recall former Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) official R P Singh, who is in the news for alleging the 2G report was \"influenced\" by political factors, for a re-examination by the panel.Chacko was initially not keen to accept the demand, but conceded after former finance minister Yashwant Sinha said he was considering a privilege move against Singh for making contradictory statements in the media that did not match the official's testimony to the JPC.Sinha's view that Singh might have misled the committee found the support of CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta, who said he had also written to Chacko in this regard like Sinha. BJP's Ravi Shankar Prasad also backed his senior party colleague, saying Singh needed to be examined afresh.The R P Singh issue also figured in Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) on Wednesday where Congress members Sanjay Nirupam and Sandeep Dikshit referred to recent media reports that had quoted the official to say that the 2G report was influenced.Singh was initially reported to have said PAC chairman M M Joshi had a role in the report's writing and that officials had visited the BJP leader's house. Later, he clarified that a PAC member, not Joshi, had a role in the 2G report.Joshi told Nirupam and Dikshit that he had received a letter from DMK MP T K S Elangovan and was gathered all relevant facts that will be placed before the committee.In the JPC meeting, Congress members, most of who are new, did not object to the opposition demand to begin with, but later backed the chairperson's views. Responding to the opposition MPs, Chacko said he had gone through the verbatim record of Singh's testimony and found nothing contradictory in the former official's comments.In the face of opposition members raising objections to Singh's testimony and recent public comments, Chacko said he would concede the demands put forward by senior members of the committee. A date for Singh's reappearance has, however, not yet been fixed.Even during his previous appearance before the committee, when he claimed he had disagreed with the CAG's decision to quantify the loss in the 2G scam at Rs 1.76 lakh crore, Singh was put through a close examination by Sinha and a couple of other JPC members.Sinha had asked Singh about an interview in which he had distanced himself from the CAG report. Singh denied giving any interview, but could not explain how his remarks were published. He said a clarification had been issued but did not appear in print.JPC members also pointed out that Singh had led the CAG presentation before PAC when he was still in service but did not then air any reservations. When he was later asked in writing about this, he did not provide a clear response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595580", "title": "NGOs supplying MDM under scanner", "text": "KANPUR: The NGOs, supplying Mid-Day Meals (MDM) to the basic primary schools in the city, are under the scanner of education department authorities. During the sudden inspection of education department officials, it was found that several NGO are not following the proper diet chart of the MDM and are serving only 'Daliya' to the students in all six days of the week.The menu of MDMs to be distributed to the students in various government primary schools is already fixed. The NGO who are providing the meals were strictly ordered to distribute chapatti, rice, daliya on alternative days.The quality of MDMs has always been under the scanner of the education department officials. Some students from various primary schools have complained that they are getting daliya on all weekdays. This forced the education department officials to conduct sudden inspection of various primary schools.The special task force constituted by the basic education department to check the availability and quality of MDM found that many NGOs are distributing only daliya to the students on all weekdays. It was concluded after the inspection of 25 primary schools of the district.The special task force of the basic education department also rued the poor approach of the NGO towards the diet plan of MDMs. The team also showed dissatisfaction towards the answers given by the NGOs of not adhering to the diet chart of the MDMs.According to the report of special task force, one amongst the five NGO distributing the MDMs in primary schools was found violating the rules for which a notice to the same has also been issued.\"The other four NGOs have given a warning to improve the quality of MDM. The NGO were also asked to make sure that they will serve chapati and vegetable to kids atleast two days a week,\" informed working BSA Ram Swaroop Vishavakarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17592517", "title": "TV channel says sorry for Mandela comment gaffe", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: A top South African TV channel has apologized for using a three-year-old footage of Graca Machel, wife of anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela , in which she says the ailing statesman has \"lost his sparkle\".eNCA news channel had passed the interview off as a current one, linking it to a story about the international concern over the health of 94-year-old Mandela, undergoing treatment at a Pretoria hospital since Saturday for a lung infection.Local and international journalists had expressed surprise about how eNCA had secured such an exclusive interview, as they too had been camping outside the hospital and were not able to secure any comment from Mandela's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17596631", "title": "Steel City fails to check crimes against women", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Although police have been working closely with several women's organizations and taken several measures from time to time to check incidents of crime against women, the graph refuses to come down. Records indicate that the number of such crimes - including domestic violence - has remained more or less static over the last four years even though law enforcement officials have often claimed to have done their best to curb violence against women.The issue assumed significance after a teenager on Tuesday attempted to commit suicide bid after repeatedly being harassed by a ruffian over three years. The 15-year-old girl's tormenter on Tuesday tried to hold her hand despite stiff resistance. Senior police superintendent Akhilesh Kumar Jha said: \"There are several dimensions to the issue of violence against women, and the police are doing everything possible to check the disturbing trend.\"Jamshedpur Women's College principal Dr Shukla Mohanty said: \"The police need to be more pro-active in partnering with social and women organizations in their bid to instill confidence among women and train them to fight such criminals.\" She insisted that the girls need to be strong enough to fight against such people on the street and they need to be made aware of how to confront unsavory situations. \"We recently organized a workshop to train girls on how to get out of sticky situations. Our legal cell department also enlightens students about the measures they could take to fight eve-teasers,\" she said.Women have also demanded a district-wide drive against eve-teasers. \"It was announced that an information board carrying contact numbers of the police would be installed at strategic locations in addition to the existing ones, but we see no progress in this regard,\" said 37-year-old Sandhya Singh, a Sonari resident.While some women maintained that effective coordination between the police and the people is the only way to effectively curb crimes against women, others complained that the police are only making tall claims about initiating measures to curb violence against women. \"Just dial the phone number for redressing women's issues and you will get the answer,\" said an activist, making a sarcastic reference to the reality of the district police's helpline number, which I either out of reach or not functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17592674", "title": "Arrest warrant against SC/ST panel chairman", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Kishanganj, has issued a non-bailable warrant of arrest against state SC/ST Commission chairman Babulal Tuddu in connection with a case in which Tuddu has been booked for organizing unlawful assembly of tribals on Sunday on the land allotted for opening of an Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) centre at Chakla near Kishanganj.The warrant was issued by the court of CJM Manoj Kumar on Wednesday. Tuddu has been charged under various IPC sections pertaining to promoting communal frenzy, attempt to murder and intimidation.Tuddu, meanwhile, has demanded a fresh survey and measurement of the plot of the land which has been transferred to AMU for the establishment of its centre. He told TOI on Wednesday the land was for settlement with the tribals and many tribals had already been given 'parchas'. A fresh survey and measurement of the 224 acre of land will be in the interest of both the tribals and the AMU authorities and will put an end to the controversy, he maintained.Tuddu took a dig at the alleged highhandedness of the district administration which prevented the tribals \"from peacefully performing 'dhanush puja' on the land which they claim is theirs\".However, Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti is on record saying that \"not an inch of the land given to AMU belonged to the tribals\". The land which was settled with the tribals lies beyond the AMU's land, he had earlier told newsmen.Meanwhile, the CJM on Tuesday refused to grant bail to the five persons, including Vanvasi Kalyan Ashram secretary Madhav Tripathy and Janjati Hit Raksha Pracharak Ajay Kumar Singh, who were arrested on December 9 for trying to perform the 'dhanush puja' on the AMU's land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17596454", "title": "Palamu DC wants marketing officer suspended over BPL rice sale", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal has written to the state government to suspend Chhaterpur sub-division marketing officer (MO) Chandrashekhar Kant for his alleged complicity in the sale of rice meant for the BPL card holders in the black market. Singhal said that a three-man team - comprising the district land acquisition officer, supply officer and the Chhaterpur SDO - has been formed to investigate the matter and submit a report in 48 hours beginning.The MO has also been stripped of all additional charges, said sources. Sources said in that 39 trucks, each carrying 100 quintals of rice worth Rs 40 lakh, on June 2011 reached the black market and not the public distribution shops meant for 19,821 BPL people. The sources added that these BPL cardholders were thus deprived of the rice for that month.Ameet Prakash, Chhaterpur sub-divisional officer, confirming this and said preliminary inquiry pointed at 39 truckloads of rice being sold in black market. Prakash added the role of the MO role in this episode is being probed. This issue was recently raised at the Raj Bhavan by former Congress MLA Radha Krishan Kishore and other leaders in Ranchi. \"The Palamu Congress apprised Governor Syed Ahmad as to how the rice had been surreptitiously sold in the open market,\" said Kishore.A daylong dharna demanding an inquiry by the vigilance department was also organized by Congress workers before the commissioner's office in Daltonganj. Kishore said the district administration must take adequate steps to book the guilty and ensure justice is delivered to BPL families before the party calls off its demand for a vigilance probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592335", "title": "Something is wrong somewhere, says HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Referring to the recent attack on a Kandivli woman with an insecticide spray, the Bombay high court on Wednesday lamented the general lack of fear of the law-and-order machinery, saying \"something is seriously wrong somewhere\".A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode made the observation as it heard a suo motu public interest litigation (PIL) on safety and security of women. The PIL was taken up a little after the same bench confirmed the death sentence of two persons for raping and killing a BPO employee in Pune in 2007.Expressing concern over the assault on a woman in Kandivli, the high court wondered what causes such attacks. \"Something is seriously wrong somewhere. There was a time... (when) the presence of even a single constable was sufficient to deter (criminals). Now, nobody is afraid,\" said Justice Kanade.A neighbour burnt the face of 23-year-old housewife Shraddha Langde on Tuesday morning by pressing open an insecticide spray at her and then clicking a lighter in front of it.At the previous hearing of the PIL on Monday, the high court took note of the increasing cases of eve-teasing and of instances where people attempting to protect women were assaulted, even murdered.On Wednesday, public prosecutor Revati Mohite-Dere submitted that the Supreme Court, while dealing with the issue of eve-teasing on November 30, had laid down guidelines for states and union territories to follow. \"Until legislation on the issue is introduced, the apex court has set out measures to curb eve-teasing,\" she said. In their order, the high court judges said that, in view of the SC guidelines, \"it is not necessary for this (high) court to again lay down further guidelines\".On the subject of providing security to women, the court will hear the state at the next hearing on December 19 or after the Christmas vacation. The government has been asked, if possible, to file a reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591277", "title": "Thangadh killings: CBI probe sought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Relatives of victims of the Thangadh firing incident have moved Gujarat high court demanding a CBI investigation into the incident.On Wednesday, Justice K M Thaker will hear the petition which alleges that the authorities are shielding the accused cops.Three dalit youths - Mehul Rathod (17), Pankaj Sumra (16) and Prakash Parmar (26) were killed in Thangadh town in September end, when violent clashes broke out between dalits and members of the Bharwad community.Four policemen - PSIs K P Jadeja and Bharatsinh Solanki, head constable Nathubha Rana and constable Yogesh Gadhvi have been charged with murder after investigations revealed that they fired on the mob with an AK 47, despite not being attacked.Pankaj's father, Amarsinh Sumra filed a petition through advocates Mukul Sinha and Subramaniam Iyer, claiming that though warrants were issued against all four policemen, they have not been arrested yet. He has alleged that the main culprit, Jadeja, who opened fire first, has been sheltered by a member of parliament. The petition does not name the MP who has allegedly sheltered the accused. tnnAlleging that the local CID (crime) which has been tasked with the investigation, have not been doing so in a proper manner, Sumra has demanded that the probe be immediately transferred to an independent agency like CBI.After ordering the CID probe into this incident, the Gujarat government announced Rs 2 lakh compensation to family members of each of the deceased. These measures by the authorities failed to quell the anger of the dalit community, and protest meetings were organized across the state.The police defended their actions, saying that they tried to follow the police manual. The public claimed that bullets were fired at protestors who were demanding registration of an FIR against some Bharwad youths, who had allegedly thrashed a dalit youth.The incident enraged members of the community, who even refused to accept the dead bodies until two ministers, Fakirbhai Vaghela and Ramanlal Vora, rushed to the hospital and promised action against the police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596521", "title": "Jharkhand set to get four special care units for newborn babies", "text": "RANCHI: In a bid to reduce neonatal mortality rate in the state, the government has announced the setting up of four special care units for newborns in Gumla, Dhanbad Medical College, West Singhbhum and Chaibasa. There are two functional newborn units already running in the state at Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) and Ghatsila. These existing units have been set up with technical support of Unicef and financial support from National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).\"If more units come up, it will be helpful in saving lives of several newborns. It is not possible for people living in remote areas to visit RIMS or Ghatsila for treatment during emergency cases. It has been noticed that about 80% of deaths are caused in the neonatal stage. The deaths can be caused due to several reasons like birth asphyxia (inability to breathe after birth), infection, premature births and hypothermia,\" said head of the department, pediatrics, Dr A K Sharma.Sharma also pointed out some inappropriate household practices which increase the risk of infant deaths. \"In many cases, breastfeeding is delayed beyond the first hour and at times beyond the first day which increases the risk of death three times. Babies are often not clothed and are bathed too soon after birth which increases the risk of baby getting hypothermia or cold. In several cases, mothers apply oil and cow dung to the cord stump which increases the risk of infection and sepsis among the newborns. As a result, these special care newborn units play a very important role in taking proper care of the babies,\" he said.As per the Annual Health Survey (AHS) 2011, the neonatal mortality in Jharkhand is 26 per 1000 live births. Sharma said people in the rural areas have to be made aware as many women give birth at home which increases chances of infection in newborns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592070", "title": "Family believes in donating organs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The blood was still flowing in Anmol's veins, but his revival was out of the question. Doctors at Max Super-specialty Hospital at Patparganj had declared the 21-year-old brain dead, subject to certain tests and certification from a medical expert team. Overcoming their grief, the family decided to donate all organs, which have already saved three patients, and many more may benefit in future.The deceased's father, Madan Mohan Juneja said, \"I thought if my son was alive, he would also do the same thing in such a condition. He was a fun-loving person and always wanted to help others.\"Anmol was Juneja's only son, a resident of Geeta Colony in east Delhi. \"I spoke to him last around 12.41am on Saturday. He said he was on his way back home. Around 2 am, a passerby, who found him lying injured on the main road, got him admitted to a nearby hospital and alerted us. We shifted him to AIIMS Trauma centre on Monday for organ retrieval,\" said D K Juneja, the deceased's uncle. He said their family has a tradition of donating organs. \"Four months back, when Anmol's grandfather passed away his corneas were donated. His great grandmother, too, donated her cornea when she died,\" his uncle said. Anmol's mother was inconsolable.While Anmol's liver and two kidneys have already been transplanted, his heart valve, pancreas, cornea and at least 30 other organs have been preserved for transplant, said AIIMS officials. The transplants were carried out at AIIMS main centre and the Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591237", "title": "KS Eshwarappa under scanner for amassing wealth", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy chief minister and state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa could be in trouble for allegedly amassing wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income.On Wednesday, senior lawyer and former opposition leader in the legislative council AK Subbaiah and complainant Nagalakshmi Bai, a journalist-turned-social activist, sought governor HR Bhardwaj's sanction for the prosecution of Eshwarappa.\"We're following the procedure by first seeking prosecution sanction before filing a case before the Lokayukta court. If the governor doesn't give permission, we'll directly file a suit in the high court,'' Subbaiah said.Nagalakshmi said they have submitted all the documents to establish their charges and they were quite confident the governor would give his nod in a day or two.Subbaiah alleged that the assets of Eshwarapppa, who represents Shimoga city, and those of his family have grown by leaps and bounds in the past eight years, a rise of over 1,000%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17591317", "title": "Job and volley go hand in hand for the Kannur duo", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: The Kannur men's team captured the imagination of volleyball fans with their stunning victory over title favourites Ernakulam in the 42 nd Kerala State Volleyball Championship on Tuesday night.However, two players who played a pivotal part in their victory, skipper Subeesh P and attacker Rijesh T, had no time to celebrate.The reason-they couldn't afford to miss a single day from their workplace in Payyannur. So as soon as the match got over, the duo took the first bus they could catch back to Payyannur. Subeesh, who played in the Youth Nationals for Kerala in 2005, is a daily wage worker while Rijesh is running a small steel fabrication shop with a partner in Payyannur.\"Our team had a day off on Wednesday and our next match is only on Thursday. We could not even think of losing a full day in Bathery as that meant we would lose out on a day's wages. So I have to rush to Payyannur where some fabrication works are lying pending,\" Rijesh told TOI.Despite their prowess on the volleyball court, the two have never been able to get into the departmental teams in Kerala. But that has not diminished their passion towards volleyball. \"I went for selection trials of most departments who have a volleyball team in Kerala but was rejected every time for some reason or the other,\" said the 26-year-old Subeesh.Kannur, coached by former Services player and coach M Ravindran, is a bunch of inexperienced players. Though they had conducted a one-week preparatory camp before the state championship, they never thought of outplaying Ernakulam. \"It was like winning the tournament. They had four Indian players but we had nothing to lose,\" said Vijesh P, who works in the Indian Army, the only player in their squad with a permanent job.Skipper Subeesh has been instrumental in instilling a self-belief in the team, says Kannur's all-rounder Vivek Kamalakshan. \"Subeesh knows how to control a game. We won't say that we will win the championship but we won't surrender without a fight till the end,\" said the final year BA English literature student at Payyannur College.Rijesh has played more than three state championships before this but he felt that the victory against Ernakulam was the best of his career. The left-arm attacker was the match winner for Kannur on Tuesday night. Asked about representing Kerala in the nationals, the 28-year old said he is not thinking too far ahead. \"It's not in my hands. I am happy that I was able to contribute for my team. It would be great if I get an opportunity to play in the national championship,\" said Rijesh.Coach Ravindran was delighted to see his boys doing well in the event. \"We never thought that we will finish the league stage as Pool winners. We came here with no expectations and but these boys have surprised me,\" said Ravindran.With their fearless approach, there could be more surprises in store from the Kannur lads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "marrakech (morocco)", "code": "17596393", "title": "Sharmila, Smriti bid for LET card in Qualifying School", "text": "MARRAKECH (Morocco): India's top women golfers Smriti Mehra and Sharmila Nicollet will be among those fighting for the approximately 30 cards that will be available from the Final Stage of the Lalla Aicha Tour School, which opens the doors to the Ladies European Tour.The 141 players will be playing over two courses Al Maaden and Amelkis Golf Resorts. After four rounds, there will be a cut to the leading 60 players and ties. The final round to determine exemption categories will then be played at the Al Maaden Golf Resort only.The top 30 qualifiers and ties on Monday evening will earn membership of the LET in category 8a, while players finishing down to equal 60th position will be eligible for category 9b.Sharmila came though the tough qualifiers last year as the only Indian player to make the grade. But her rookie season was a bit of a disappointment as she made only three only cuts -- at Lalla Meryem Cup, the South African Open and the Hero Women's Indian Open and ended way down in 134th place on Order of Merit.Smriti in her seven starts on the LET made the cut in four but each of her final finishes was over 60th place, leaving her in 150th place on Money List. She surprisingly missed the cut in the Hero Women's Indian Open.The 141 players have been divided into two groups, with Smriti Mehra playing in Field A and Sharmila will be in Field B.Medallists of the first qualifying stage, Maha Haddioui from Morocco and Emily Taylor of England, will hope to continue their success at the final stage this week.The field also includes Curtis Cup players Charley Hull, Kelly Tidy, Amy Boulden and Holly Clyburn along with Cheyenne Woods, Ariya Jutanugarn and Jacqueline Hedwall.There are 21 amateurs in the field, including eight in the top 25 of the World Amateur Ranking.Ariya Jutanugarn from Thailand is the highest ranked amateur on that list at second, followed by England's Charley Hull (No.7), Australian Breanna Elliott (No.9), Bonita Brenenhann from Namibia (No.15), Nicole Broch Larsen from Denmark (No.16), Perrine Delacour of France (No.20), South African Kim Williams (No.22) and Maria Salinas from Peru (No.25).This year's field is comprised of players from 30 different countries. Sweden is the best represented country with 21 players, followed by England with 15, the United States with 13, Australia with 11 and Spain and South Africa, both with nine players each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592077", "title": "Parliament attack: Martyrs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 kin may boycott anniversary meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the eve of the 11th anniversary of the Parliament attack in 2001, several relatives of the martyrs have yet again expressed their wish to not attend the function held at Parliament unless one of main accused, Afzal Guru, is hanged. The anniversary will see these the relatives converge at the Police Memorial near Chanakyapuri at noon with the cry for Afzal's execution getting louder after Kasab was hanged last month.Delhi Police assistant sub-inspector Nanak Chand lost his life in the attack and was posthumously conferred with a bravery award in recognition of his sacrifice. His wife Gangadevi, however, said his family had returned the medal to press for Guru's execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17595596", "title": "Russell Crowe dating Billy Joel's ex-wife Katie Lee?", "text": "Russell Crowe , whose split from wife Danielle Spencer was made public only a few weeks ago, has apparently moved on.The New Zealand-born actor, 48, is said to be 'casually seeing' TV food critic Katie Lee - ex-wife of Billy Joel , reports the Daily Mail.The pair was spotted cuddling in front of a fireplace at the Greenwich Hotel in New York at 3am on Sunday morning and again at the same spot at 2pm later that day.\"They seemed to be in an intense flirtatious conversation,\" a source told the New York Post.\"They looked really into each other.\"Katie has lived in New York for years, while Russell is currently in town to film A Winter's Tale with Collin Farrell.An on-set source told the publication: \"Katie has been seen around with Russell,\" but added they were just dating casually.Katie and Billy, who wed in October 2004 when she was 23 and he was 55, ended their courtship in 2009.Crowe, 48, and 43 year old Spencer, who have two sons, Charles, eight, and six-year-old Tennyson, together, split in October after nine years of marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi/ahmedabad", "code": "17591202", "title": "PMO debunks Modi claim Sir Creek to be given to Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI/AHMEDABAD: The prime minister's office (PMO) on Wednesday rejected Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's claim that the Indian government is planning to hand over Sir Creek to Pakistan. Responding to Modi's charge, the PMO tweeted that it was \"untrue\".Chief minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday asked the prime minister to stop dialogue with Pakistan at once on the Sir Creek issue and demanded that it should not be handed over to the neighbouring nation. \"I am writing on a serious issue of talks being held on Sir Creek. Any attempt to hand over Sir Creek to Pakistan would be a strategic blunder,\" Modi has written in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .In Ahmedabad, Union finance minister P Chidambaram also reacted strongly to Modi's claim, calling it \"ridiculous\". He said, \"How can one imagine doing this.\" He even suggested that Modi had written no such letter.On the mirco-blogging site, the PMO's official twitter handle questioned the timing of the letter. \"The contents of the letter and the timing of its release to the public, raise questions about the motives behind its issue. It also seems that Shri Modi has written his letter without making any efforts to ascertain the facts from the Government of India.\"\"The writing and release of this baseless letter by the CM of Gujarat in his 'personal' capacity, a day before elections, is mischievous,\" said the PMO tweet.\"Due to the election code of conduct, Modi wrote the letter as a concerned citizen and not as a chief minister of a state,\" BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitaraman said in Ahmedabad while giving details of the letter at a press conference.\"I am writing to you at this juncture as I was told that a decision is being taken on Sir Creek issue on December 15,\" Modi said in the letter ahead of Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik's visit to India from December 14-16.\"Sir Creek has been settled 100 years back between rulers of Kutch and Sindh. Even the tribunal verdict in 1968 headed by the then British Prime Minister Harold Wilson shows Pakistan getting only 10% of its claim of 9,000 sq kms of this border area,\" Modi further mentioned.\"Handing over Sir Creek to Pakistan will totally open up Gujarat border with Pakistan. I was given to understand that recently Pakistan carried out a joint operation of their army, airforce and navy code named Sea-spark-12, almost one month ago very near to Sir Creek,\" Modi said.Sitaraman said BJP as a party supports the view of Modi on the issue. However, she evaded a question on how Modi came to know that the central government was planning to hand over Sir Creek to Pakistan.Sir Creek is marshy water body along the India-Pakistan border, which is disputed and the two countries are bilaterally discussing the issue for quite a long time.\"Handing over Sir Creek to Pakistan will give them more control over the Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) in the sea. This will be a permanent threat to fishermen of Saurashtra and Kutch area and also to the vital installations and major industrial installations like refineries and ports,\" Modi said.Modi further said in the letter, \"At no point in the entire process has the Government of Gujarat been consulted. In a similar case of Teesta agreement with Bangladesh , West Bengal chief minister was consulted and the agreement was cancelled,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593416", "title": "GHMC Congress floor leader joins YSRC", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major set back to the Congress in Greater Hyderabad, the party's floor leader in the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation(GHMC) Kaleru Venkatesh resigned from the party on Wednesday and joined YSRC. Venkatesh submitted his resignation letter to Pradesh Congress Committee ( PCC) chief Botsa and Greater Hyderabad Congress Committee president Danam Nagender. The corporator from Golnaka division, who is reportedly eyeing the Amberpet assembly constituency ticket in the 2014 election, would formally join YSR Congress soon. In the 2009 Assembly elections too, he had tried for the Amberpet constituency. However, the Congress gave the ticket to the then minister Fareeduddin. Later, he managed to get a ticket for contesting in GHMC polls from Golnaka municipal division.tnnFour Congress corporators - Sitaphalmandi corporator Adam Vijayakumar, Habsiguda corporator S Harivardhan Reddy and Cherlpally corporator S Dhanpal Reddy and Suraram Colony corporator G Suryanarayan Reddy-have already quit the party in the past one year.Kaleru Venkatesh claimed he resigned from the Congress as the party had lost confidence of the people and failed to implement various welfare schemes initiated by YS Rajasekhara Reddy. \"I have decided to join YSR Congress Party,\" Venkatesh said.He said the date of joining YSRCP has not yet been decided and he would be ready to take up any responsibility given to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592383", "title": "HC serves notice to Haryana chief secretary over missing ex-inmates of Apna Ghar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court issued a notice to Haryana chief secretary PK Chaudhary on Wednesday over the case of the disappearance of three former inmates of the Apna Ghar shelter home in Rohtak.The notice was served on a contempt of court petition filed by child rights activist and local lawyer Utsav Bains. According to the petition filed on Tuesday, the chief secretary failed to provide for the safety and security to the sexually abused children of Rohtak's controversial Apna Ghar shelter home.While issuing the notice justice Mahesh Grover asked the chief secretary to explain \"the cause behind the missing children who were under protection of the court.\" The court asked for a response by January 21, 2013.The petition stated that three former inmates of Apna Ghar have gone missing since October under mysterious circumstances and the chief secretary, being head of the entire administration, failed to ensure the safety and security of the girls. The girls had been shifted to other homes after the abuse came to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592114", "title": "This all-12 child has 12 digits as well", "text": "NAGPUR: A few minutes after midnight of 12.12.12, Nagpur welcomed a very special child into the world. The little one, born exactly at 12.12 am on the special date, also has 12 fingers and 12 toes. Two other babies from the city arrived in the world exactly at 12 minutes past twelve, albeit one was born at night and the other in the afternoon.The fact that according to the Hindu calendar, Amavasya fell on the day may have discouraged a few people from choosing this date for having a baby, doctors said noting the frenzy did not match that seen on 11.11.11 last year. The atmosphere at Dr Chaitanya Shembekar's hospital at Ramdaspeth was charged through the first half of the day as half a dozen babies were born on the last triple date of the century.The child that stole all attention, though, was son of Mohamad Naeem and his wife Shameem. With six digits in all its limbs, the child had 12 fingers and 12 toes, just like his father. This doubled the joy of the Mohamad clan as they look at it as a sign of the great luck. \"My parents tell me how my birth turned the fortunes of the family and everything good happened after my arrival. My daughter also has six fingers in one of her hands. With my son also having the same, I believe he will bring a lot of good luck into our lives,\" said Naeem, a transporter. The little sure grabbed all the eyeballs as everybody who came to the hospital made sure to pay him a visit.\"Three of the other births at the hospital were ones where some risks were involved with one even being done through in-vitro fertilization (IVF),\" said Dr Shembekar. One of his patients who delivered on the day was gynaecologist Dr Anjali Dhote, who has a special affinity towards double and triple digit numbers. Her phone number and the registration number of her vehicle also consist of such repeated digits.Dr Indrajeet Mulik's hospital also saw three babies delivered, one of whom was born at 12.12 at night. \"A boy was born at our hospital at 12.12 on 12.12.12, while two girls were born later in the day. Of these, only the boy was born through an elective C-section surgery while other births were natural,\" he said.However, doctors said buzz for 12.12.12 was nowhere near as on 11.11.11. \"Last year, we saw a crazy rush of parents-to-be with demand to bring in their babies on special triple date. This may be because some families consider an amavasya inauspicious,\" said vice-president of Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) Dr Laxmi Shrikhande, who also runs a fertility clinic in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17591060", "title": "Ranatunga backs under fire MS Dhoni", "text": "BANGALORE: Sri Lankan legend and World Cup-winning captain Arjuna Ranatunga didn't mince words while expressing support for Mahendra Singh Dhoni, arguing that it is the whole team, not the skipper, who should be blamed for the Test debacle.\"You can't only criticize Dhoni, the entire team should be blamed. It's unfortunate to read some of the statements made about him. Last year, he was the hero who won India the World Cup, and now he's the villain. It's no surprise though, I have seen this happen to many top Indian cricketers,\" said Ranatunga on the sidelines of the T20 World Cup for the Blind on Wednesday.\"In our part of the world, it's a totally different attitude. When you win a World Cup, it's the team that is lauded. But if you lose, it's the captain who shoulders the blame,\" he added.Praising Dhoni for his impeccable track record, Ranatunga stressed the whole team should be hauled up. \"For me, he's one guy who has won two World Cups for India. I don't think it's an easy job. He is obviously going through a bad run, but why blame him. Ask the team why India can't bat for two days? Why is defence a worry? If they feel Dhoni is not the best captain, they should discuss with him. I honestly feel he has not done a bad job as a captain,\" he explained.The BCCI should promote Test cricket and tackle the menace of Twenty20, Ranatunga added. \"I'm not the best person to advise the Indian board but T20 is the biggest fungus they have now, which they are promoting. They are supporting players who can come in and hit, rather than those who have a proper defence and play elegant cricket,\" said the Sri Lankan Parliamentarian.Leave Sachin alone, says RanatungaRanatunga advised critics not to hound Sachin Tendulkar into retirement and that he still has quality cricket left in him.\"I think he has definitely more cricket left in him. Okay, he is going through a bad patch, but one should compare him with his teammates and not with the Sachin who played ten years ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17595684", "title": "12.12.12 baby: Many aspire, few deliver", "text": "KANPUR: While several expectant mothers with a penchant for fancy numbers had sought delivery of their bundle of joy on 12.12.12, very few mothers saw the dream come true on Wednesday.In an extraordinary instance of good timing, Shabnoor, 23, delivered a baby boy at 12pm on 12.12.12 at AHM Dufferin hospital. The baby is normal but pre-mature, and has therefore been kept at the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital.Shabnoor's husband Shahdaab said he hadn't given much thought to the fancy date earlier, but now thinks the boy brings with his good luck. \"He was in a complicated state when born. Maybe its his luck that he is well and stable now,\" said Shahdaab.According to a report, as many as 48 deliveries were conducted in various private nursing homes and hospitals of the city among which a few were planned and voluntary c-sections as well. Even government hospitals, where luxuries such as being choosy are rare, also registered a high number of births on the day.While 11 children were born on the fancy date at AHM dufferin hospital, 9 deliveries were reported from Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital till the filing of this report.Anamika, whose son was born at 12:45 said, \"His date of birth would not really make a lot of difference to his fate. It's just that the date is unique and we got our best gift from god on this special date.\"Other women whose 12.12.12 baby dream materialized were Reshma, Kamla, Anita, Sarita and Laxmi who all had a normal delivery at AHM-Dufferin hospital. Similar joy was visible on the faces of Uma, Lakshmi, Sunita and Mamta who delivered babies at Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha-Baccha hospital.\"We are really lucky and this date will be memorable for us forever,\" said Priya, whose girl was born at 7.35 am.According to Vaibhav, the father of a baby boy born at a private hospital, natural deliveries cannot be planned, they can only be calculated. \"We hadn't planned the delivery. It was a coincidence,\" said Vaibhav. For Akansha, the mother, \"The date will merely look nice on my son's birth certificate. It will not really make any other difference.\"12-12-12 also came with loads of happiness for the family of Irfan Solanki, whose sister-in-law Shaina, gave birth to a bay boy on this fancy date. According to the family, both the baby and mother are hail and hearty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17593360", "title": "Ragas to riches: He was equally adept at harnessing folk tunes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Munshi Premchand's Godaan, adapted to the big screen in 1963, sank without a trace. But the film had one endearing footnote: a bunch of folksy compositions flavoured with the salt of village India. Cineastes would recall Mehmood singing Pipra ke patwa while dancing past the fecund cornfields and Hori khelat Nandlal Biraj mein. Both these songs also underline the versatility of composer Ravi Shankar: he could harness folk tunes with the same felicity with which he played complex ragas on his sitar. It is clear the Benaras-born musician never forgot his childhood days.Ravi Shankar's most memorable Hindi film compositions came in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Anuradha (1961), the story of a singer conflicted between her love for music and her idealist doctor husband. Shankar's semi-classical tunes harmonised with Shailendra's poetry to bring out the protagonist's predicament. With Lata at her nuanced best, every Anuradha song\u00e2\u20ac\u201dJaane kaise sapnon mein, Saanwre saanwre, Kaise din beete and Hai re woh din kyon na aayewas a commercial as well as critical success. And it is surprising that Ravi Shankar composed only fleetingly for Hindi cinema thereafter. Maybe he was too busy teaching music to the Beatles.The next notable Hindi film came much later; Gulzar's 1979 Meera, based on the life and music of the 16th-century poet-princess Meerabai. The movie was a letdown but its music, especially some of the bhajans such as Jo tum todo piya became chartbusters. Incidentally, Ravi Shankar controversially used Vani Jairam, not Lata Mangeshkar, for the songs.Few remember that Ravi Shankar started his Hindi film career with two progressive movies in 1946: K A Abbas' Dharti Ke Lal and Chetan Anand's Neecha Nagar. But it was with his background score for Satyajit Ray's Pather Panchali (1955) that he really came into his own, illustrating how music can play such a major role in a movie's mood-building. In the famous train scene, the swish of the wind and water, the approaching sound of the steam locomotive and the two kids rushing through the field of kaash flowers is a great example of subtle, minimalist music. Ravi Shankar also provided the background score. Aparajito and Apur Sansar.The composer earned an Oscar nomination for Richard Attenborough's Gandhi. The overwritten background music, actually, is one of the film's weaknesses. But Ravi Shankar, the musician, was too big a brand for even the Oscar awards committee to ignore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17593545", "title": "Open dumping ends, waste processing begins at Sonsoddo", "text": "MARGAO: Three days before the self-imposed deadline of December 15, the Sonsoddo solid waste management plant has begun processing the daily incoming waste from Wednesday, thus ending the open dumping of the waste at the dumpyard.\"Open dumping has been stopped and from today we have begun taking the waste that used to land at the dumpyard inside our plant for processing and treatment. We were very much concerned over the open dumping of garbage and were committed to putting an end to it. We have accomplished that task,\" Sridhar Kamat, CEO of Fomento , the concessionaire of the plant, told TOI.The plant has not yet been actually commissioned. The construction of the scientific landfill is under construction and will take a few more months for completion.Until the landfill is completed, the residue generated during the treatment process will be stored in the space provided for it in the basement of the plant premises, Kamat said.The SWM plant having a design capacity of 80 TPD (tonnes per day) is built on design, build, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) basis for a period of 25 years, at a cost of 7.31 crore to the MMC. The plant uses the \"aerobic windrow composting method\" of treatment and all processes are almost fully mechanized carried out by state-of-the-art imported machines and remote-controlled cranes.An overhead electrically operated travelling crane (EOT), two stationery cranes and three trommels constitute the array of machines installed at the plant. In this method the waste is spread in long rows (windrow) and periodically mechanically turned with the help of the EOT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592278", "title": "'Succession war in Sena led to trust vote fiasco'", "text": "NAGPUR: As the drama surrounding the opposition's no-trust vote concluded on Tuesday, it kicked up a different political churn. This time within the Shiv Sena .Barely a few days after the Sena patriarch's demise, the party's shaky handling of the trust vote has set a few tongues wagging, especially of saffron detractors and doomsayers. The buzz around the party and its internal churnings are louder than ever before at the Nagpur winter session.Some observers said the debacle can be attributed to the contest for the No. 2 slot left open after Uddhav Thackeray moved up in the party hierarchy following the demise of his father Bal Thackeray . While senior leaders have been talking in different voices over the issue of Bal Thackeray's memorial, the decision to introduce a no-trust vote by party leader in the Assembly Subhash Desai was taken apparently in isolation. Those who are currently seem to be shaping the party's policies and decisions include, Desai, MLC Vinayak Raut, MP Sanjay Raut, former CM Manohar Joshi and Milind Narvekar, a close aide of Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray. In political parlance, these equations can only be defined as layered and complicated.\"At this point, there is fierce competition between leaders to show their loyalty towards Matoshree,\" said a party insider.The no-confidence motion lapsed in the legislature on Tuesday due to a communication gap between the opposition parties, said observers. However, the ruling Congress-NCP only seem to targeting Sena over it.\"This is a big letdown for the Sena, a party known for its discipline and command over its workers. From here on, the party will have to work doubly hard to stay together,\" said a senior Congress minister.A former Sena leader, now part of the Democratic Front government said, the party lacked authoritative leadership and until immediate steps are taken, it may benefit 'others'. \"The party was built on military discipline and never encouraged the number game. It is not the case even now. It is just that it lacks a unified command,\" he said. PWD minister and former Sena man Chhagan Bhujbal said the Sena has a strong foundation. and could bounce back from any situation. \"Only time will show that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17592216", "title": "Man gets lifer for killing son", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Additional sessions judge PK Sharma sentenced a man to life imprisonment for killing his son. Convict Khemdev alias Khemraj Anande (50), resident of village Wasera, killed his son Raju (22) on suspicion of having extra-marital relation with his own mother.Khemdev was reeling under suspicion that his son Raju was having sexual relation with his own mother Seema (name changed) aged 45 years. On fateful day, as Raju slept, Khemdev smashed his head with an axe killing him on the spot.Sindewahi police registered a case of murder against Khemdev on the basis of complaint lodged by his wife Seema and arrested him. PSO, Sindewahi investigated the case and filed a charge-sheet in the court.On the basis of substantial evidences and proficient presentation of case by public prosecutor Jayant Salve, judge Sharma on Monday held Khemdev guilty of his son's murder. He was sentenced to life imprisonment, slapped a fine of Rs 2500 which defaulted would result into another four months of imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592359", "title": "Illegal construction near IAF station: HC notice to MCG", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking note of the encroachments and illegal constructions in prohibited zones around the Indian Air Force ( IAF) stations at Faridabad and Gurgaon and failure of local authorities to control it, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed the municipal commissioners of both the cities and the secretary, department of local bodies, Haryana, to be present in the court on December 18. The case would come up for further hearing on December 18.The bench has also directed the municipal commissioners of Gurgaon and Faridabad to file an affidavit, informing the court about the officers who failed to stop the illegal work despite HC orders and action taken against them. A division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri has summoned these officers, after receiving a detailed report from the chief judicial magistrates of Faridabad and Gurgaon revealing large-scale construction in the prohibited zones of both the cities. The counsel for the Union government also told the court how the construction is still going on during night time in Gurgaon and there is no check on it from local administration.On November 22, the HC had directed the chief judicial magistrates of Faridabad and Gurgaon to visit the areas and file a detailed report on encroachments near the air force stations. The bench had issued the orders after the vulnerability of the situation near these defence establishments was brought to the notice of the court through an affidavit filed on behalf of the station commandant of Faridabad air force station.Despite the HC staying fresh construction near the restricted zone near the ammunition depot in Gurgaon and prohibited zone of 100-metre around Air Force station, Dabua, Faridabad, illegal constructions have come up in the zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17593775", "title": "Mayor asks officials to barricade footpaths", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain has directed town planning officials to relocate transformers and electric poles on widened portions of roads by taking up a special drive with the help of AP Central Power Distribution Company Limited ( CPDCL).Speaking at a coordination meeting with traffic police on traffic-related issues in the city, the mayor said poles and transformers were not relocated on many roads which were widened several years ago. He also asked the officials to take up a drive for removing encroachments and unauthorised parking on footpaths on priority basis. He also directed them to provide barricading on footpaths , in a phased manner, leaving spaces at pedestrian crossings. The mayor instructed GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu not to open the Lakdikapul parallel bridge now till the properties from Lakdikapul to Ganga Jamuna Hotel were acquired. The commissioner directed the town planning wing to speed up land acquisition process for the project.GHMC commissioner Krishna Babu said 22 important corridors were chosen to sort out traffic-related problems in coordination with the traffic police.Additional commissioner of police (Traffic) CV Anand said that there was a need to develop footpaths for the safety of pedestrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595890", "title": "Sexuality rights a far cry", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: First day at college was very distressing for Simi, a music student. He had to face a lot of humiliation for being a gay. His effeminate behaviour and style of dressing invoked mirth from fellow mates. He has changed the way he dresses since then except when he goes to Mumbai or Kolkata to attend a function of his community. \"I am myself when I go outside the state. Odisha is yet to accept us,\" said Simi.There are many like Simi in Odisha who are leading a suppressed life. Only 25,000 had the courage to join the sexual minority community though there are more than a lakh lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgenders (LGBT) in the state. \"They hide their sexual orientation because the society is yet to accept them,\" said Subham, president of Sakha, an organization fighting for the cause of minority sexual groups. He said stigma and discrimination are common problems faced by these people forcing at least 75% of them to shy away from expressing their sexuality.On Wednesday, Sakha brought together 200 people of this community. \"We wanted to send across a message that lesbians and gays need to be cared for and not jeered at,\" said Subham. He said the government is yet to include them as a separate group in the Census, depriving them of voter IDs.\"Civil society members and government can help them get jobs,\" said Bijay Biplab Acharya, who is working for the rights of sexual minority groups for the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17596173", "title": "Man murdered in Rajkot, 10 held", "text": "RAJKOT: A 42-year-old person was murdered in Rukhadiyapara area of city on Tuesday evening. The deceased has been identified as Hussein Nurmohammad Sheikh. He was a resident of Mafatiyapara in Rukhadiyapara.A complaint was filed against 12 people in this connection by Haseena Sheikh, who is an eye-witness and a family member of the deceased. Among those who have been named in the complaint are Juma Sattar, Ayub Sattar, Hanif Suleman, Khatuben, Ramjat, Mohin and Firoz. The deceased and the accused are close relatives, said police, adding that the trouble started over eve-teasing reportedly by deceased's nephew Aslam.\"Aslam was warned by Ayub and his family members for eve-teasing their close relative. There was a heated exchange between them. Aslam was injured in the scuffle and rushed to civil hospital on Tuesday afternoon. Hussein had gone to the hospital to meet his nephew and was attacked by the accused while on his way back home,\" police added.Hussein was attacked with swords and axes. He was seriously injured and taken to civil hospital, where he succumbed to injuries.Hussein was a driver in a private firm in the city. Police said they have arrested 10 people, including four women, for their alleged involvement in the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17592049", "title": "Mayawati attacks Hamid Ansari, govt in damage-control mode", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government swung into damage control mode after Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati precipitated a fresh crisis for the government by launching an unprecedented attack on Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari , holding him responsible for lack of order that has stalled the bill on quotas in promotions.The BSP chief's harsh attack on Ansari and later on the government threatens to wash out the remainder of the winter session as Mayawati's demand for the bill on quota in promotion of government employees is being resisted tooth and nail by her rival Samajwadi Party boss Mulayam Singh Yadav.Caught between the warring UP behemoths, the government tried to calm tempers with Congress managers speaking to Mayawati on Wednesday after her outburst. They tried to assure her of UPA's commitment to the bill and suggested that her taking on the chairperson will not make the legislation's passage any surer. This will only benefit \"anti-reservation\" forces.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath is expected to meet Mulayam on Thursday morning in an effort to close the gap over the bill. The government has been considering an amendment that reduces the importance of annual confidential report in such promotions, a measure that can increase the leeway of assessing authorities.Official sources said the standoff needs to be seen in the context of the politics of the two UP parties and the role of the presiding officers cannot be done away within restoring amity although the government is willing to be the facilitator.Whether Mulayam agrees to the amendments being considered is uncertain as SP is looking at consolidating its backward base. Mayawati's expectations that the SP lot can be named and debarred from the House are not easy to meet. It is pointed out that apart from the political consequences of doing so, the measures cannot be replicated in Lok Sabha where SP has larger numbers.In Rajya Sabha, Mayawati did not mince words in accusing Ansari of being absent from the House, while also targeting the government in remarks outside Parliament and warning Congress that she was running out of patience and expected the quota in promotion bill to be legislated without delay.She rebuked Ansari for not being present in the House from noon onwards after which continued disorder has resulted in the bill for dalit and tribal quotas being held hostage to noisy protests by rival Samajwadi Party MPs.Mayawati's decision to up the ante on the bill and SP's equally unrelenting opposition threaten to wash out the remainder of the winter session and put at risk government's plans to pass reform related legislation on banking, pensions and insurance. Mayawati's anger seems to stem from the perception that she is being made a fall guy for the FDI decision.It was in a bid to rob the opposition of an opportunity to link FDI to bribes that the government agreed to an inquiry by a former judge into the Walmart affair.Her expectations that the bill addressing her core constituency will be passed after she delivered a vital victory for the ruling coalition in the upper House during a vote on FDI in multi-brand retail saw Mayawati lash out at the government which she warned of \"tougher measures\" over the next few days.The possibility of the BSP chief rethinking support to the government was also speculated upon. Congress managers have a tough task on their hands in reconciling the conflicting positions of the UPA's two vital \"outside supporters\" in a Parliament where the ruling coalition is short of majority in Lok Sabha.The government is attempting to explore the possibilities of a compromise with Nath telling the media, \"We will find a solution... We are slowly moving ahead.\"Speaking outside the House, Mayawati made no secret of her impatience with the government. \"I had said two days ago that BSP would adopt a tough stand. It is the responsibility of the government and the Rajya Sabha chairman to bring the House in order... Today's (outburst) was our first tough stand in Rajya Sabha. We will take our next stand at an appropriate time,\" she said.With Ansari facing the full fury of Mayawati's scathing remarks, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh later spoke to the Rajya Sabha chairman to express distress over the day's developments. Ansari reportedly told political leaders that he would find it difficult to continue under such circumstances. Mayawati's remarks were expunged but the damage was done as television channels aired the recordings repeatedly through the day.Breaking parliamentary tradition on not questioning the chair's conduct of the House, the BSP chief's attack on Ansari for his absence left MPs speechless. A visibly stunned chairman was left groping for words as Mayawati refused to listen to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595898", "title": "Uniform ritual course for servitors", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Servitors of Jagannath temples will be trained in religious practices and rituals of Puri temple at a three-day workshop here starting December 29.The Puri shrine administration would sensitize them on maintaining uniformity in rituals in all Jagannath shrines. Such programmes are being organized since 2007 in Puri and Bhubaneswar. A seminar on Jagannath was organized at Puri on February 9 and 10. \"It has been our continuous effort to solemnize rituals at all Jagannath shrines like it is in Puri temple,\" temple's chief administrator Arvind Padhee said. \"In the forthcoming event, we have invited those servitors, who could not attend the previous programmes,\" said Padhee, also the revenue divisional commissioner (RDC), central range.The temple administration has also decided to sensitize servitors and Sanskrit scholars, who deliver discourses on Jagannath. \"We will organize a 15-day programme for them at Puri from January 15, 2013. They will be urged to propagate Jagannath culture as written in Hindu religious texts and scriptures,\" Padhee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592603", "title": "Travel on bus footboard? You can be expelled", "text": "CHENNAI: Schools can even expel students found travelling on the footboard of buses, the Madras high court said on Wednesday.Passing interim orders on suo motu proceedings initiated by the court after four students travelling on the footboard of a n overcrowded bus were killed in an accident on December 10, it the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"If any student is found travelling on the footboard, the matter may be reported not only to the parent of the student concerned, but also to the principal of the school/college concerned. If he repeats the same thing again for second or third time, the school may take action for removal of such a student, after issuing notice to the parent.\"A day after the tragic incident, Chief Justice Eqbal, sitting in the Madurai bench with Justice K N Basha, initiated suo motu proceedings and asked the government and transport authorities to explain the safety measures they have taken to prevent such incidents in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17591851", "title": "Gautam Gambhir is a big-game player: MS Dhoni", "text": "NAGPUR: Though a thousand things might be on his mind, Indian skipper MS Dhoni presented a calm demeanour on Wednesday. On the eve of the crucial fourth and final Test against England, Dhoni fielded tricky questions from the mediapersons with usual ease. Excerpts...ON GAUTAM GAMBHIR: The best thing about him is that he is an aggressive character. If you see the last few games, he has batted beautifully. There has been a lot of improvement in his batting. I like him whenever he is aggressive. I don't mean only stepping out and hitting the ball, but even defending the ball positively. He is a big game player and I hope he can convert his starts. He is taking time but I am hopeful that he can get us a good one.ON DRESSING ROOM SPIRIT: The spirit is really good, and that's something we have maintained well. In tough times, the people who will really support you are your team members and the support staff. The good thing is that we are enjoying ourselves, which at times you don't tend to do when you go through a rough patch.ON THE TRANSITION PHASE OF INDIAN CRICKET: Everybody was talking about this phase in Indian cricket when the big players would go out and the pressure would fall on the youngsters and we would go through a rough patch. So everybody expected this. Of course, we have struggled in the last two Test matches. This might happen in the future too - we might lose two Test matches and then you will say all these youngsters should go out and new youngsters should come in. You have to be consistent and you have to keep faith in the youngsters.ON BEING 1-2 DOWN IN THE TEST SERIES: It's the most important Test not just as captain but as an individual too. This sort of situation comes very rarely for the team. I won't say it's a good situation to be in, but it's a good test of our character. It happened against South Africa when we were we were down and we won the last Test in Kanpur. In a way it's good we are in a situation like this where we have no other option but to do well.ON THE PITCH &amp; TEAM COMBINATION: The wicket looks good, it's quite hard. If you weigh the pacers and spinners and see what might play a bigger role...there will be some reverse swing, so we will have to see what we go in with. We could play three spinners. Maybe an additional spinner will be more effective in the second innings. You have to wait till tomorrow morning to know the composition of the side.ON SACHIN TENDULKAR: He is the best man to have in the team in a situation like this because of the kind of experience he has and the kind of performances he has given in similar situations in the past. He is someone we all look up to. When it comes to Sachin, I think it is best not to speculate. Let him enjoy his cricket.ON CRITICISM FROM DRAVID AND OTHER FORMER CRICKETERS: As ex-cricketers, we respect their opinion. But we have our own problems to solve. We need to look at how we get everything right and not worry about things that are not in our control. All these people are reputed ex-cricketers who have played for India, so we respect their opinions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17593905", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRefreezing the Arctic can help fight climate crisis\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LONDON: An American scientist has offered a radical solution to global warming by suggesting that we could refreeze the Arctic using a few modified jets.David Keith, professor of applied physics at Harvard University, used climate models to suggest that injecting reflective particles into the atmosphere could reduce the amount of sunlight reaching the Earth, engineering a regional effect that could bring ice back to the Arctic.He claims that reducing the penetration of sunlight by just 0.5% could be possible to restore the sea-ice around the North Pole to pre-industrial era levels. His research suggests the whole operation could be accomplished with just a few modified Gulfstream jets, costing around $8 billion a year.The amount of ice in the Arctic Ocean has shrunk to an all time low in September, with the total area covered now half of what it was in the 1980s, the report said. However, while Keith believes action must be taken to tackle the amount of pollution spewed into the Earth's atmosphere, he doesn't yet advocate the kind of action his study suggest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17596431", "title": "Mukhiya sacked over Indira Awas Yojna bungling", "text": "GARHWA: Deputy commissioner R P Sinha has dismissed Sondag mukhiya Malti Devi over irregularities in selection of Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) beneficiaries. The DC has also recommended action against Sudhni Devi, the mukhiya of Raji panchayat at Kharondhi block, after an enquiry revealed that she was taking money from the beneficiaries of wells.However, the sacking of the Sondag panchayat mukhiya at Ranka block on the charges of largescale irregularities in selecting Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) beneficiaries has prompted other village heads to launch a \"pen down\" strike.Sinha said an enquiry was being conducted in the district's three subdivisions - Ranka, Nagar Untari and Garhwa by the SDOs. \"The list of 74 IAY beneficiaries have been cancelled in Ranka block following largescale irregularities were found during the enquiry,\" Sinha said adding that a show-cause notice had also been served against Ranka BDO Dhananjay Kumar in this connection. \"Selection of IAY beneficiaries has been done violating all norms\", the DC said adding that the housing scheme has been allotted to those people who come from well-off families. tnnSimilarly, Raji panchayat mukhiya Sudhni Devi has been found guilty of violating the government rules and regulations. She was found guilty of taking money from the beneficiaries in construction of wells. Expressing shock over the matter, the DC said he would not allow any irregularities in the schemes meant for poor at any cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592905", "title": "3 students picked up after ragging clash", "text": "CHENNAI: Police detained three students of Sathyabama Engineering College after a clash over ragging in Thoraipakkam on Tuesday night. Police later let them off.Police said the trouble started when second-year engineering students asked a first-year student to remove ear studs. When the freshers resisted the attempts to rag them, the seniors attacked them, a police officer said. Both sides exchanged blows and the seniors claimed that the first-year students had abused them.A few other senior students broke up the fight and asked them not to behave inappropriately in the college.Later in the night, at 10.30 pm, around 20 senior students came looking for the freshers in the apartment complex near Kottivakkam where they stayed, the officer said. They barged into the rooms of the students on the first floor and started an all-out fight. The two sides traded punches till the complex security guards stopped the fight.A passer-by who saw the two groups fighting alerted the police. Policemen rushed to the spot and picked up over 30 students for questioning. Police registered cases against three students involved in the incident and later let them off on bail. \"We gave them a stern warning,\" the officer said. \"We will take stringent action against them if they fight and cause a ruckus again.\"He said police officers spoke to college authorities about the incident. \"We have been holding awareness programmes in colleges to stop ragging, but students do not seem to learn,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17591783", "title": "Small screen's News-makers of the year 2012", "text": "It is very rightly said that in the glamour world 'no publicity is bad publicity' and thanks to few stars of the Telly land the year 2012 became thrilling and entertaining.The Indian TV industry saw a handful of news-makers who made a lot of noise and also created news for good and bad reasons in the year 2012. Here's a list of Small Screen's newsmakers of the year 2012.Rakhi Sawant lashes out at Arvind Kejriwal: Controversies favourite child Rakhi Sawant who was seen maintaining a distance from the entire hullabaloo couldn't stay away for too long. The item girl grabbed all the media attention as she lashed out at Arvind Kejriwal calling him a Bhagoda'.Imam Siddiqui an overnight star: Imam Siddique, an artist choreographer, dancer, painter, poet &amp; trainer by passion has currently become the talk of the town. His antics in the Bigg Boss house have made him an overnight star. Viewers of Bigg Boss can never forget Imam's mid-night drama inside the bigg boss when he locked Aashka and Nirahua inside the house leaving them to scream for help. Later all hell broke, as Imam showed his violent side to the viewers and started breaking the earthen pots and banging utensils against the house door. Imam's insanity forced the makers of the Bigg Boss to thrown him out of the Bigg Boss house.Barun Sobti creates a history: The young and charming Barun Sobti who recently hogged all the limelight for quitting his popular daily Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon is basking in the glory of his current success. The news about Barun's exit from the show spread like a fire and in no time the makers were bombarded with emails and messages to retain him on the show. The young lad changed the history of Indian daily soaps as his exit, forced the makers to shut down the show.Ram Kapoor-Sakshi Tanwar intimate moment on TV: Who said that the small screen is all about saas-bahu dramas, a minute look at these current dailies will change your perception. The myth was broken by two talented and most admired stars of TV, Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar. Their lip-lock and intimate moments in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain stunned the audiences and created a over-night hysteria amongst the trade pundits. Their on-screen lip-lock which was a part of 17 minutes long love making scene soon became viral on the web.Aamir Khan's positive impact through Satyamev Jayate: Mr. Perfectionist Aamir Khan is known for doing unconventional things so how can his maiden TV project be left behind. His show not only garnered impressive numbers but also became quite prominent on the social networking sites. Aamir's efforts were applauded by every section of the society and Satyamev Jayate was the latest addition in the long list of his extraordinary projects.Mohnish Behl the drama behind his exit: One of the most respected and loved actors of the screen Mohnish Behl suddenly made headlines but this time for wrong reason. The veteran actor has worked in some of the popular shows of the small screen like Dill Mill Gayye, Sanjeevani but his sudden exit from Sony TV's Kuch Toh Log Kahenge helped him garner more attention. Though the Production house and the channel both stated the cause of his exit as health issues but certain section of media claimed that his tantrums was the real reason behind his departure.Niaa Sharma- Kushal Tandon caught getting cozy: The lead actors of Star Plus' Ek Haazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai were in the news for reasons beyond awards and their performances. Both Niaa Sharma and Kushal Tandon who play Maanvi and Virat in the daily reportedly got intimate and cozy on the sets of their current show. However, both the actors later denied the news stating that the news was planned by a group of people who wanted to tarnish their image.Karan Kundra-Kritika Kamra's complicated relationship: Karan Kundra and Kritika Kamra are known for sharing a love-hate relationship. Since the time they started working on their first show Kitni Mohabbat Hai the actors have been going through a fluctuating relationship. However, after their show went off-air problems started brewing between the two finally leading to their break-up. The couple continued to play non-stop hide-and-seek with the media till the time their break-up was officially announced by Kritika Kamra. The couple was recently in news once again as their relationship was used as one of the key elements in a TV show. In fact Kratika was miffed with the way she was portrayed on 'The Serial' .Thus, the year 2012 saw many news-makers - right from people who always make it to the headlines and some new contenders!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592759", "title": "Auto driver foils bid to steal baby", "text": "CHENNAI: An autorickshaw driver rescued a baby who was stolen from a hospital on Wednesday by driving straight to the police station after the woman attempting to make away with the child got into his vehicle and asked him to take them to Purasawalkam.Investigating officers said Suraya Sulthana got into Senthilnathan's autorickshaw after stealing the baby, one-month-old Afrin, from her mother Yasmin Begum, 32, of Taramani, at the Government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital. She was accompanied by two teenage girls and asked the auto driver to take them to Purasawalkam. Senthilnathan grew suspicious because the woman was acting shifty and kept urging him to speed up.As soon as the auto reached Anna Salai, Senthilnathan called the autorickshaw drivers at the hospital's auto stand and asked them if anything was amiss there, a police officer said. They replied in the negative, so Senthilnathan continued towards Purasawalkam. But a few minutes later one of the drivers called Senthilnathan on his cellphone and said a baby girl had been stolen from the hospital.Senthilnathan first thought he would drive back to the hospital. \"But I was worried that the woman would jump out of the vehicle, so I decided to go to the police station,\" he said.As the autorickshaw approached the Chintadripet police station, the woman and the girls jumped out and attempted to escape but policemen on duty helped Senthilnathan catch Sulthana and the two girls.Police officers initially did not believe Senthilnathan and asked him how he knew that Sulthana had stolen the child. But the child's mother and her husband, Imtiaaz Basha, a policeman and a few auto drivers arrived at the police station and corroborated Senthilnathan's version of events. Sulthana confessed when police questioned her, an investigating officer said. \"She said her husband, Rafeeque, who worked in Saudi Arabia, wanted to have a child,\" the officer said. \"When he last visited Chennai, she told him that she was pregnant. He returned to Chennai a few days ago. Afraid that he would discover that she was lying, Sulthana decided to steal a baby.\"He said Sulthana carried away the baby after distracting her mother. Yasmin Begum had delivered the baby on November 14 and was staying with her mother in Triplicane.The Triplicane police arrested Sulthana, 32, and booked her under Sections 363 (kidnap) and 365 (wrongful confinement) of the IPC. Sulthana was remanded in judicial custody on Wednesday night.Police said two teenage girls aged 16 and 14 had accompanied Sulthana but were not involved in the crime. Police officers let off the girls, students of Class 6 and Class 9, after giving them a stern warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17596362", "title": "5 held for damaging Bokaro ATMs", "text": "BOKARO: A special team of district police has busted a gang of criminals who had damaged four ATM machines, thrashed its guards and a police officer in their attempt to steal cash during the past one month.Police arrested five youths, including three who are the sons of railway employees. The five have been identified as Mohd Arif, Mohd Islam, Suman Goswami, Bablu Rajak and Karan Kumar. They all are friends and residents of Railway Colony near Bokaro station.Goswami's father is a section engineer in railways in Bokaro while Aarif and Karan are the sons of railways employees. Islam runs a garage, while Rajak is a worker. They all are aged between 19-21 years. Aarif, Goswami and Karan are studying in colleges, police said.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said the arrest of the gang members was not an easy task as these youths didn't have any criminal record. \"Our officers initially found it difficult to get a clue of the miscreants but the footage of CCTV cameras installed at the ATMs helped them get hold of them.\"Investigators got the photos of miscreants through the CCTV footage but it was also difficult to locate them. \"Initially, we thought that these ATMs might have been attacked by some outsider gang and were investigating in that direction. But failing to get any clue, we pushed our intelligence network in local areas situated around the targeted ATMs and finally caught the gang members,\" said Dwivedi.Police team arrested five of them from a ground near Purana Thana Moad in Balidih where they had assembled to hatch another plot. During police interrogation, Goswami and his friends confessed that they had targeted the ATMs to steal cash. However, the district police earlier had asked all the private and public sector banks to beef up security at their ATM kiosks. The SP said these criminals first targeted the ATM machine of ICICI bank in Telgadia Moad on November 3 and next day they made an attempt in SBI's ATM in Balidih. On November 22, they again targeted another ATM of the SBI in Telgadia Moad. In all these three attempts, they failed to take out cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17593853", "title": "Brinda Karat flays Ramadoss", "text": "MADURAI: Brinda Karat, politburo member of the Communist Party of India - Marxist (CPM) came down heavily on Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK) leader S Ramadoss for his statements against inter-caste marriages.Karat, who was in Madurai on Wednesday to participate in a conference on \"Land rights of Dalit women,\" told reporters that the All India Women Democratic Association (AIDWA) will organise an event in Madurai to felicitate all couples of inter-caste marriages.\"His stand is anti-constitutional, illegal and against the democratic set up of the country. We are wondering in which state he is living. But such statements will not work out in the state that has long history of social justice movement and the land of Periyar,\" she said, flaying Ramadoss. tnnBrinda Karat said that Ramadoss' effort of fielding non-dalits against dalits across the state will not fetch him results. Appreciating the young couple of Dharmapuri who decided to fight against caste boundaries, she said that inter-caste marriages should not be discouraged. She also urged the govt to rehabilitate the victims of Dharmapuri violence.Brinda also trained her guns against the DMK in the state for its double standards over allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail trade. The party has betrayed the people and proved its hypocrisy by supporting Congress in the resolution, she charged. However, she appreciated ruling AIADMK party and its leader J Jayalalithaa for opposing FDI from the beginning. \"Though 14 out of 18 political parties had opposed FDI, Congress turned it out in its favour to get the majority. But the same trick will not work with majority of the people,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17592051", "title": "No trust fiasco has Sena under lens", "text": "NAGPUR: As the drama surrounding the opposition's no-trust motion reached a frantic conclusion on Tuesday, it kicked up a different political churn. This time within the Shiv Sena .Barely a month after the Sena patriarch passed away, party's shaky handling of the trust vote set a few tongues wagging, especially of saffron detractors and doomsayers. The buzz around the party and its internal churnings are louder than ever before at winter session. Some are calling it the race for the No 2 slot, left open after Uddhav Thackeray moved up in hierarchy following his father's demise. Others simply see it as a leadership issue.While senior leaders have been talking in different voices over the issue of Thackeray memorial, the decision to introduce a no-trust vote by party leader in the assembly Subhash Desai was taken apparently in isolation. Those who are currently seem to be shaping party policies and decision include Desai, MLC Vinayak Raut, MP Sanjay Raut, veteran Manohar Joshi and Milind Narvekar, close aide of the Thackerays. In political parlance, these equations can only be defined as layered and complicated.\"At this point, there is a fierce competition between leaders to show their loyalty towards Matoshree,\" said a party insider. The no-trust motion lapsed in the legislature on Tuesday, indicative of a communication gap between the opposition parties. However, the ruling Congress-NCP only seems to be targeting Sena over it. \"This is a big let down for Sena, a party known for its discipline and command over sainiks. From here on, it will have to work doubly hard to stay together,\" said a top Congress minister.A former Sena leader, now part of DF ministry, said party was lacking authoritative leadership and unless steps were taken, it may benefit 'others'. \"The party was built on military discipline and never encouraged the number game. It is not the case even now. It is just that it lacks a unified command,\" he said. PWD minister and former Sena man Chhagan Bhujbal said party had strong foundation and was capable of bouncing back. \"Only time will show that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17596271", "title": "ICAR, FJCCI join up to boost agri business in state", "text": "RANCHI: The Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) has joined hands with the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJto promote agri-business in the state.To help the FJCCI members and aspiring entrepreneurs of Jharkhand, the ICAR in association with the chamber will organize a workshop here on Friday. \"Over the past few years, the scientists of ICAR have developed techniques improving agricultural produce and food processing. Now, we want to share it will the business community so that public in general is benefitted,\" said principal scientist and head of ICAR Shivendra Kumar.Around 20 senior scientists from 16 centres of the ICAR will take part in the workshop to explain the businessmen about technology and use.In case a businessman is interested in using the technology developed by the ICAR, its experts will help prepare a detailed project report at a nominal charge.FJCCI president Ranjeet Tibrewal said it had been often noticed in the past that a number of entrepreneurs fail to arrange finance for their project. \"To address this problem, we have decided to even call representatives from financial institutions including the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and other nationalized banks to take part in the workshop. The moment someone shows interest in any project, we will arrange an on-the-spot meeting between the bankers and the entrepreneurs,\" said Tibrewal.Officials from state government especially industry and agriculture department have also been invited for the workshop so that they can explain about the existing policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17593139", "title": "'Panditji shouldn't have performed on November 4'", "text": "KOLKATA: Robin Pal, Pandit Ravi Shankar's long-time associate in the city, is convinced the sitar maestro's condition would not have turned critical had his family members in the US persuaded him to postpone last month's concert at the Long Beach Performing Arts Centre, California.Despite respiratory trouble and ill health, Ravi Shankar went ahead with the performance on November 4 and wore an oxygen mask during the concert. The strain, however, proved too much and the 92-year-old was hospitalized two days later. He could never recuperate and passed away in Scripps Memorial Hospital in Sam Diego.\"Ravi Shankar had called me on Bijoya Dashami to exchange greetings like he always did. During the half-hour conversation, he sounded breathless a couple of times. When I enquired if all was well, he expressed concern over the programme on November 4. 'It had been cancelled on two occasions earlier and I don't want it to be postponed again. Just pray that I can go ahead with the programme', he told me. Since his wife Sukanya and daughter Anoushka were with him, I felt they were better placed to take a call. Had the situation been otherwise, I would certainly have dissuaded him from performing on that day,\" Pal told TOI on Wednesday.Though Ravi Shankar did not easily refuse a request for performance, what irks Pal is the compulsion that may have led to Panditji taking the stage despite acute breathing trouble. \"He was certainly not in need of money. For someone who commanded Rs 20 lakh or more in a recital in India in recent years and many times over for performances abroad, he was easily the richest Indian musician,\" said Pal, who last managed a programme for Ravi Shankar in Kolkata in 2000 when his fee was Rs 7 lakh.Pal's association with Pandit Ravi Shankar began in 1974 when he approached him with a request to perform at a concert that Jalshaghar, then a fledgling organization, had organized. Pal wanted to host it at Marble Palace with just candlelight for illumination. The concert materialized in 1976. Pandit Ravi Shankar and Kishen Maharaj played all night. Thereafter, he did several other memorable concerts with Ravi Shankar, including ones at Victoria Memorial Hall, Dakshineswar temple and Jorashanko Thakurbari. On Panditji's request, he also organized a Babu adda at Marble Palace, which was attended by Premendra Mitra, Chapalakanta Bhattacharya, Subho Thakur, Hemanta Mukhopadhyay, Ramkumar Chattopadhyay, Subinoy Ray and Nayana Debi, among others.So dependant was Ravi Shankar on his lieutenant that when he was asked to create the theme music for 1982 Asian Games, he wanted Pal alongside. When Pal's bosses at BSNL, where he was employed, refused to grant him leave, Panditji got in touch with I&B; minister Vasant Sathe and had special leave sanctioned for Pal.Over the years, Pal became one of Ravi Shankar's most trusted associates. The two kept in touch over phone and later more frequently over email. \"I am extremely lucky to have been so blessed with Panditji's love though I was not a musician. It was a guru-shishya relationship and I paid my respect on Guru Purnima each year,\" said Pal.So much did the maestro trust him that when Ravi Shankar's estranged wife Annapurna wanted him to perform at Baba Allauddin Khan Music Circle, having hosted all major musicians other than Panditji, she got in touch with Pal. \"Since their separation, the two were not on speaking terms. So I was very surprised when I received a letter from Annapurna Shankar, requesting me to meet her. She sent me plane ticket and booked me at Shalimar Hotel in Mumbai. At the meeting, she broached the topic. 'I have heard that he listens to you. Will you ask him to perform at the event?' she said. I was in no position to commit anything but promised to try,\" he recalled. And, in fact, Pal convinced Ravi Shankar to perform at the event.Some days later, when Pal was travelling with Panditji on a train, he spilled the beans. On hearing Annapurna's name, Pandit Ravi Shankar flared up. \"I don't want to hear her name,\" he said. Later in the journey, he mellowed. Eventually, he did perform at the event without remuneration and even facilitated a private audience with Panditji that Annauprna requested. \"Panditji agreed to go to boudi's residence Akash Ganga on the condition that I would accompany him. It was awkward to be amidst a couple who had bitterly separated. But it didn't turn out to be that unpleasant. Annapurnadi discussed financial matters and how difficult it was to maintain everything with the alimony and Panditji agreed to increase the amount,\" Pal recounted.Incidentally, it was Pal who had finalized Ravi Shankar's marriage date with Sukanya in 1989. \"He asked me to suggest a date and I picked January 23 for the wedding in Hyderabad because it was special date,\" said the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592790", "title": "Over 100 babies 'born' on this special day", "text": "PATNA: The same combination of dates will come after one thousand years and there were over one hundred couples who preferred their babies to be born on 12-12-12 and at around 12 in different city hospitals and nursing homes on Wednesday.According to the Hindu calendar, the last such date of the century, however, was not considered very auspicious due to Chaudas Amavasya. But, that failed to deter many couples from having the delivery date of their babies preponed or postponed for December 12, 2012. No wonder, many C-section deliveries lined up in private hospitals for the day.According to Pandit Bhavanath, \"This date is inauspicious, both for child birth and marriage, not because of 12.12.12 but as per Hindu calendar.\" But according to the figures collected from various hospitals and gynecologists in the city, more than 100 babies were born on this rarest of the rare date.Dr Sarika Roy, a gynaecologist who attended the delivery of 23 patients till Wednesday evening and eight more were waiting at her nursing home, said, \"Compared to last year that had triple 11, this year there were more requests for shifting the dates to December 12 for C-section deliveries. Last year, on November 11, only 18 babies were born through C-section at my nursing home.\"Rajvendra Kumar, a businessman, is overwhelmed as his wife Shipi Jha gave birth to twins on the day. Sharing his happiness, he said, \"My son has five 12s attached to him now as he is born at 12 hours and 12 minutes of this special day while my daughter carries six 12s, with addition of 12 seconds.\"The due date of the twins was three days after 12.12.12 but they requested the doctor to reschedule it for caesarean delivery.There were many such modern couples who preferred having special dates for their babies. Gyanendra Jha, a government servant whose wife gave birth to a baby on Wednesday, said, \"In foreign countries, people reschedule the birth of their babies as per their wish. They do not consider auspicious or inauspicious muhurats and nothing bad happens. This is an old thinking.\"The joy of Akhtar Ali Ansari and his wife Shehnaz Bano has not been affected by the prediction. Ansaris live in Arwal, Rajasthan, but the couple had come to their hometown for the birth of their baby. \"My son is a special gift of God and, thus, to make it more special we shifted the date to 12.12.12,\" Ansari said.Shagufta Parveen, whose baby was born on this special day, said, \"I had not forcibly scheduled the delivery but I am really very happy that my son is born on this special day.\"However, not many marriages were held in the city on Wednesday but there were many engagements and receptions to make it a more memorable day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17592652", "title": "AISF wins 2 of 5 PUSU posts", "text": "PATNA: Left forces might be on the wane in Bihar politics, but two of the five key posts of Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) have been bagged by the All India Students' Federation (AISF), students' wing of Communist Party of India . The BJP's students' wing Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Chhatra JD-U and Chhatra RJD had to remain content with one each of the three remaining posts the election to which was held on Tuesday. The results were announced in the wee hours of Wednesday.ABVP's Ashish Sinha, a student of Patna Law College and son of local BJP MLA Arun Kumar Sinha, was elected the union president defeating his nearest rival All India Students' Association (AISA)'s Divya Gautam, a student of Patna College, by 168 votes. Ashish got 1,896 votes. There were 15 contestants in the fray for the post.AISF's Anshuman, a PG student of ancient Indian history and archaeology department, trounced his nearest rival ABVP's Abhishek Kumar, a student of Patna College, by 79 votes to become the vice-president of the union. Anshuman secured 1,463 votes. There were 12 students contesting for the post.AISF's Anshu Kumari, a PG student of applied economics and commerce, was elected general secretary. She defeated her nearest rival Chhatra RJD's Saif Danish Karim of Patna College by 960 votes. Anshu secured 2,203 votes. There were 12 contestants for this post.Chhatra JD-U's Anupriya, a student of Magadh Mahila College, defeated her nearest rival AISA's Prachi Raj of Patna Women's College by 600 votes to bag the post of secretary for which 13 candidates were trying their luck. Anupriya got 1,865 votes.Chhatra RJD's Abhishek Gupta, a student of Patna College, was elected treasurer. His nearest rival was his college mate Sanjeev Kumar who contested the election as an independent candidate. While Abhishek bagged 1,504 votes, Sanjeev polled 1,112 votes.Those elected to the PUSU executive committee from different constituencies are Amrita Sinha and Nancy (Patna Women's College), Anushka Arya and Pallavi (Magadh Mahila College), Amrikesh Kumar Gulshan and Nikhil Chakrabarty (B N College), Abhishek Kumar and Kumar Abhishek (Patna Science College), Ritwik Raj and Vijay Kumar Yadav (Patna College), Rakesh Kumar (College of Arts and Crafts), Priyanka Sinha (Women's Training College), Deep Narayan Kumar (Patna Training College), Puja Kumari (Vanijya Mahavidyalaya), Himanshu Kumar Yadav (Patna Law College), Ravi Kumar (faculty of science), Ram Kumar Singh (faculty of social science), Ramesh Kumar (faculty of humanities), and Vidyanand Kumar (faculties of commerce, education and law).There were altogether 18,000 voters of whom around 50% turned out to exercise their franchise. At 58 booths. Announcing the results, PUSU election's chief returning officer Amarendra Mishra thanked the students for maintaining peace during the entire process of polling and counting of votes. He also thanked PU teachers and non-teaching staff for their cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592788", "title": "Police warn Rajinifans in punch-up at birthday bash", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Wednesday issued a community service register against three fans of actor Rajnikanth , after two groups came to blows at a birthday bash for the veteran actor at Kamarajar Arangam in Teynampet on Tuesday night.The trouble started when a group of fans danced to a song sung by the U K Murali band at the venue. Other fans, who could not see the band perform because of the group dancing, asked them to sit down. This led to an argument and the seated fans asked security personnel to evict the group.This led to a dust-up and Ravi, a resident of Saidapet and a fan association member, led the group that was dancing as they attacked the other fans, a police officer said.\"Raj, a resident of Kundrathur and district vice-president of Rajni Fans Association in Kancheepuram district was injured in the fight,\" the officer said. \"He was admitted to a private hospital where he is being treated.\"He said the programme had been organised by Rajni Fans Association, which had invited many fans to attend. Many of those who were involved in the fight were drunk at the time, the officer said.Based on a complaint by Raj, the Teynampet police issued a community service register (CSR) to three of the fans who were involved in the scuffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17593154", "title": "Restricted water supply", "text": "PANAJI: There will be no water supply on December 13 to Advalpal, Mencurem, Dhumacem and Sal in Bicholim taluka, and Pirna and Kelim in Bardez taluka due to urgent maintenance work at Assonora, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.Kerosene quota for December: Kerosene amounting to 3.5 litres will be distributed during the month of December only to those ration card holders who do not have LPG gas connection. Such cardholders should draw their SKO quota from the respective retailers, until further orders. Complaints if any in case of non-supply/short supply of SKO should be made to the director of civil supplies and consumer affairs, Panaji. Cardholders attached to the retailers, to whom no allocation of SKO is done, should approach the department of civil supplies and consumer affairs, Panaji for necessary instructions.Coop Societies Act to be replaced: The government has proposed to replace the existing Goa Cooperative Societies Act, 2001 by the New Goa Cooperative Societies Act, 2012. A committee under the chairmanship of the registrar of cooperative societies has been constituted to review the draft of the New Goa Cooperative Societies Act, 2012. The copy of the said New Goa Cooperative Societies Act, 2012 is posted on the official website http://coopgoa.gov.in for the knowledge of general public and for submitting suggestions, if any, by December 22 to the office of the registrar of cooperative societies, 4th floor 'Sahakari Sankul', Patto, Panaji.Blood donation drive held at Bicholim college: The Rotary Club of Panaji Riviera recently organized a blood donation drive at the Narayan Zantye college of commerce, Bicholim. Students and staff of the college participated in the event. Prasad Pawar, immediate past president of the Rotary Club of Panaji Riviera, was the chief guest. The event was organized in association of the NSS division of the college and the Goa Medical College.Power shotdownMalim/Britona (Dec 13): Between 9am and 1.30pm. Areas to be affected are Britona, Virlosa, Haliwada, RND slipway, Malim, tourist complex, ice factory, Betim, Gauliwada and vicinity.Salvador do Mundo (Dec 13): Between 2.30pm nd 5.30pm. Areas to be affected are Salvador do Mundo, Quitla, Paithona, Ekoxim, Donwado and vicinity.Chandor/Guirdolim (Dec 14): Between 8am and 3pm. Areas in the jurisdiction of the Chandor, Guirdolim and part of Nessai panchayat will be affected.Batim (Dec 14): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Vernekar Vaddo, Curca, Santana, Gauli Moula, Mansher, Filsu Bar andvicinity.Divar (Dec 15): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Narva, Muddi and Vanjuva.Margao (Dec 15): Between 8am and 3pm. Margao industrial estate and Menezes Bhat will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17595518", "title": "SC orders CBI to continue probe against Mulayam, Akhilesh in DA case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has asked the CBI to continue with its probe into the disproportionate assets case against Mulayam Singh Yadav and Akhilesh Yadav .The court also ordered investigations to continue against Mulayam's other son Prateek. However, the apex court dropped DA charges against Akhilesh's wife Dimple Yadav , saying that she was not holding any public office and she was only a private person holding no position.A bench comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice H L Dattu also modified its March 1, 2007 order and ordered CBI to file the status report before the apex court and not to the government.\"We are modifying our order of March 1, 2007 to remove the error in it directing CBI to place the report before the government,\" the bench said, making it clear that the agency will have to place the probe report before the apex court.The bench said, \"Since CBI is an independent body\", there is no obligation for it to file the status report before the government.The court ordered CBI to proceed with the DA investigations against the Yadavs independently and take steps in accordance with the law.The Supreme Court had ordered the DA probe agianst Mulayam's family on March 1, 2007.The court had on February 17, 2011 reserved its verdict on Mulayam's plea for annulment of the order.Mulayam in his plea had said he could not be made to suffer a CBI probe when he and his family members had regularly filed income tax returns. He had also said that the court had adopted a different stand -- \"Supreme Court cannot be the ground for settling political battles\" -- when it came to investigating identical charges against RJD leader Lalu Prasad.On a petition filed by Vishwanath Chaturvedi, whom Mulayam accuses to be associated with rival Congress party, the court had on March 1, 2007 ordered the CBI to conduct a preliminary probe and surprisingly asked the agency to submit a probe report to the government for further action.The probe was ordered against Mulayam, his sons Akhilesh and Prateek and his daughter-in-law Dimple. The Centre, after initially supporting the petitioner and taking a stand against Mulayam 's review petition, backed the SP leader's plea last year.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and H L Dattu had reserved orders on the review petitions filed by Mulayam and his kin after hearing Chaturvedi's counsel and senior advocate K T S Tulsi, who criticized the Centre for its double standards and quoted the Centre's November 13, 2006 affidavit supporting the probe into the alleged illegal wealth of the Yadavs.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17593099", "title": "Maestro asked Vani Jairam to escort George Harrison", "text": "CHENNAI: Pandit Ravi Shankar literally gave the Beatles connection to playback singer Vani Jairam. \"It was November 1976 and Raviji asked me at his residence in suburban Khar in Mumbai to drop the famous Beatle George Harrison at the Taj Hotel downtown. It was a very great responsibility as he was an international celebrity. My husband Jairam was driving him in our small Fiat car. Harrision appreciated the car and made a special mention of the long rear view mirror,\" Vani told TOI on Wednesday.Harrison also visited Ravi Shankar during Vani's recording for the film 'Meeraa' directed by Gulzar. \"Harrision expressed his appreciation that Raviji was creating such great music with the limited help he was getting from technology,\" she said, remembering that she spent almost a week with the maestro composing and recording songs for the film. \"Raviji was so kind and soft-spoken through out Meeraa recording that I did not have any tension working with such an international genius and celebrity,\" she said.\"I first met Pandit Ravi Shankar in 1970 in Mumbai immediately after my marriage to Jairam who was a student of Pandit Ravi Shankar's Kinnara School of Music. It was in vocalist Lakshmi Shankar's residence in Khar, Mumbai, that we met him. He asked me to sing a song and listened to me in rapt attention. I had taken a pencil portrait of Raviji I had drawn myself and he was good enough to register his autograph on it,\" she recounted.Subsequently, she kept meeting him regularly in his concerts, and was a frequent invitee in many of his family functions. \"During this period, Raviji even traveled in our Fiat and wondered about the taxi driver like skills of my husband's driving\".Vani said, \"It's a colossal loss to the music world. He was one of his kind who can be admired but not equaled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17595804", "title": "Probe chit fund scam: HC to CBI", "text": "CUTTACK: The Orissa High Court on Wednesday ordered a CBI inquiry into the multi-crore Balasore chit fund scam involving Fine Indisales, a company owned by Bollywood actor and film-maker Naseer Khan. \"The division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B N Mohapatra directed the CBI to probe the matter and submit a status report within three months,\" said Bibhu Prasad Nayak, the petitioner's counsel.The All India Networkers' Welfare Trust, comprising investors from Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, had filed a writ petition in the high court seeking refund of money invested by its members in the multi-level marketing company. The trust alleged that over 4,000 of its members had invested in the Kanpur-based company and were duped with a promise of lucrative returns on their investments. Similarly, hordes of people from Balasore had also invested in the fraud company and were allegedly duped.The scam was unearthed in 2009 after investors from Balasore lodged a police complaint against the company. The Crime Branch (CB) of the state police took over the case and found that the tentacles of the controversial money circulation by the company ran beyond the boundaries of Odisha. Naseer was arrested in October 2009 but soon released on bail.The CB had also frozen bank accounts of the company with deposits of over Rs 191 crore. The investigating agency had found that over 2 .5 lakh people had invested over Rs 578 crore in the company.The CB had found evidence that the chit fund scam money was used to make \"Shadow\" film by the visually challenged actor Naseer Khan. Crime branch sleuths had also found evidence that crores of scam money was transferred to the account of the Naseer Khan's production company, Great Entertainment, which had produced the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17595836", "title": "Cava students capture beauty of Mysore Palace", "text": "MYSORE: The creative imagination of the students of Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts ( Cava ) gave various hues and shapes to the district's landmark - the Mysore Palace.The Mysore Palace Board gave 17 students from the institute access into the palace with their cameras, which is usually not allowed, as a part of an assignment for photography and photojournalism students.The outcome of this opportunity - around 50 magnificent photographs - is on display at a three-day exhibition that began on Wednesday. Students have clicked some eye-catching and majestic pictures of the palace. The spiral stairs, doom, magnificent doors and the huge hall with its pillars have been creatively captured.Praising the students' work, Mysore Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya said the photographs were unusual and brilliant. He added that the Board would want to upload the images on the Mysore Palace website as many people across the world log on to it. An exhibition at Bidadi block would also be held for the public, he said.Photography and photojournalism head Preethi Kapoor said the assignment and exhibition made students confident of their talents and they felt proud about the appreciation they received.Tejaswini S, a second year student, said: \"We spent a week there. It was a great experience for all of us. We have come out with the best. We never felt that it was an assignment and we thoroughly enjoyed it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17591779", "title": "No time-frame for real estate bill", "text": "PUNE: The central government has clarified that there is no definite time-frame for approval and implementation of the 'Real Estate (Regulation &amp; Development) Bill, 2012.The bill was prepared to promote planned and healthy real estate development of colonies and apartments with a view to protect consumer interest and to facilitate smooth and speedy urban construction.\"In order to provide a uniform regulatory environment to enforce disclosure, fair practice and accountability norms and fast track dispute resolution mechanism in real estate transactions, the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation has drafted the 'Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2012 in consultation with all stakeholders... Since necessary approvals for introducing the bill in Parliament have not been received, no time-frame can be assigned for its finalization at this juncture,\" states a press statement issued by the government.The bill aims to establish a regulatory authority and an appellate tribunal to regulate, control and promote planned and healthy development and construction, sale, transfer and management of colonies, residential buildings and apartments.As of now the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats (Regulation of the Promotion of Construction, Sale, Management and Transfer) Act, 1963 enables the state government to monitor timely completion of real estate projects. The draft cabinet note on the new bill has been circulated to all state governments for comments. A meeting with the state ministers dealing with the subject was also held recently.\"The state government has given its feed back to the central government regarding this bill and The state governmenthas held rounds of meetings with the municipal corporation office-bearers in the state. Considering the opposition from the real estate market , the bill is likely to get delayed,\" said a state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593725", "title": "Police begin probe into factory worker\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "NASHIK: The death of a worker, Subhash Vartak (52), in a blast at Crompton Greaves factory on Tuesday, is being investigated by the police, deputy commissioner of police zone II D S Swami said on Wednesday.An explosion had occurred during the testing of an insulator at the factory in Ambad industrial area.Three others who were working in the gas chamber suffered injuries in the accident. Vartak succumbed to head injuries at Wockhart Hospital.\"If there has been any lacunae in the safety measures, the concerned officer can also be held guilty,\" the DCP added.Meanwhile, fire officials said that since there was no fire and their department had not received any call from the company and the exact cause of Vartak's death could not be known. The Ambad police, meanwhile, said that a case of accidental death has been registered at their police station.The cause of the incident will also be investigated with the help of other agencies and in case of any violation, officials of the concerned company can face action.Meanwhile, a senior official of the company said, \"The mishap happened when equipment validation process was going on at the switchgear plant of the company.Whatever happened was unfortunate and we regret it. An investigation is going on to find out the cause of mishap. One person died and five persons were injured. They were immediately taken to the hospital. Of the five, four persons have been discharged.\"Suresh Mali of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) said, \"Whatever happened on Tuesday was unfortunate, but a little bit of precaution should have been taken at the plant.The efforts for safety of workers have to be taken at sensitive places so that such incidents can be avoided in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591494", "title": "477 convicts in jails awaiting hanging, govt tells Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 477 convicts awarded death sentence are awaiting hanging in various jails across the country, the government told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.Maharashtra, which last month hanged LeT terrorist Ajmal Kasab in a secret operation after President Pranab Mukherjee rejected his mercy petition, has 50 convicts in its jails awaiting hanging, putting it third on the list of states with maximum number of convicts awaiting hanging.The data was released by the government in Rajya Sabha in response to a question on number of criminals in jails, as on December 1, 2012, who have been awarded death sentence and are yet to be hanged.The data revealed that UP had the maximum number of criminals (174) in jails with a death sentence. Second on the list was Karnataka with 61 convicts awaiting hanging. Bihar is at fourth place with 37.Delhi, which has Parliament attack accused Afzal Guru as one of the convicts awaiting hanging, has 24 such convicts. None of the other Union Territories have any such convict in their jails.Among larger states, Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan have the least number of pending hangings with three and four respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591828", "title": "Dreams smashed in a shower of bricks", "text": "NEW DELHI: They hoped to leave behind poverty believing they can earn a decent living in the capital. Yet for Sadhan Haldar, a villager from Nadia, West Bengal, Satish, who comes from the heartland of Uttar Pradesh, and Tuntun Singh, a native of Chhapra, Bihar, Wednesday's horror will not be forgotten.For Satish, who lost his sons - four-year-old Ankit and two-year-old Bulti, the deaths are even more painful as they were avoidable. \"For the past three weeks, I have been visiting plot owner Bijender Gujjar and his son Shahzad telling them that the 20-foot wall they were constructing had no pillars or beams. I spoke to the local administration and beat staff - each asked me to mind my own business,\" he said.He said he has two more school-going children but will stay in Delhi no more. \"He might miss his education but I need him safe,\" he said.\"Everyday I worry if my children would be safe when I'm home from work. My worst fears came true today,\" Shyamoli, Sadhan's wife, said. Her sentiments are echoed by Sunita from Murshidabad who is married to rickshaw-puller Tuntun. \"My boy, Aditya, waved me goodbye. He is no more. My little girl Saraswati is in ICU,\" she said.Locals claim the plot owner was at the site. \"He left hastily even when we cried for help. The administration only now admits the mode of construction was unauthorized,\" Tuntun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bariranchi", "code": "17596321", "title": "Music, fun &amp; games at old age home on 12/12/12", "text": "BariRANCHI: For the boarders of an old age home at Bariatu, 12.12.12 will always be a red-letter day, thanks to the efforts of a local fashion designing institute students. Twenty students of I-Fa gave their best to make the day a special one for the home boarders. They spent the day with the elderly boarders with music, fun, frolic and games. \"I am thankful to the children who came here and tried making the day special for us. My family left me here long ago and never came to visit me again. Today I felt like I was with my grandchildren and I hope that these children keep visiting us often,\" Harsukh Lal Permar said.The celebration started with both the students and the boarders singing songs and dancing. A game of passing the parcel was organized for the elderly. A special lunch was also arranged for the boarders of the home and chocolates, sweets, biscuits, blankets and woollens were given to the elderly people. Sabir Hussain, the institute director, said, \"The day is special and the whole world is celebrating, so we thought we should organize something for the elderly people too. They were really happy with the celebration and asked us to visit again.\"Students of the academy were also happy spending time with the elderly people. Sapna Bharti, a student, said, \"The joy on the face of the elderly people made me happy too. They treated me like their daughter and spoke about their life. I could not stop my tears on hearing how these people were treated at home and how much they missed their family made me cry. I will come to visit them often now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17591615", "title": "Fishermen's leader attacked by mob, in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Fishermen's union leader Damodar Tandel was grievously assaulted by a mob in Palghar over a land dispute on Sunday. Tandel is admitted to Bombay Hospital with a fractured nose and limbs and 23 stitches to his head. Eleven people have been arrested and charged with attempt to murder.Tandel is the president of the Akhil Maharashtra Machhimar Kruti Samiti and a politician. He had previously filed 12 police complaints of trespass against the main accused, Vishnu Nana Gharat, and his sons, , Nayan and Rajesh, who have been booked in this case.Tandel's son Devendra said, \"My father had purchased a plot of land near Satpatti village in Palghar around 10 years ago. before.Our neighbours, the Gharats, laid claim on the adjoining parcel of 7 gunthas that was , in fact, also ours. Earlier this year, the court settled matters in our favour, but they feel as if their pride has been dented.\" by the decision.\"Officials in Palghar denied the matter was unequivocally settled in court.The fishermen's leader, who who lives in Machhimar Colony in Cuffe Parade, went to Palghar on Sunday to oversee the property, he was allegedly. The family alleges that the accused anticipated his visit last Sunday and waylaid him when he arrived with his sons. \"That evening attacked by around 40 people armed with iron rods and bamboo sticks. accosted him and rained blows on his head. They tried to kill him by hurling a huge boulder at his head. He raised his arm to fend them off and fractured it in the process. As my brother Puneet intervened, the goons beat him up as well. He is admitted to hospital with a dislocated arm,\" Devendra said.Deputy superintendent R D Shinde told TOI, \"We have registered a case under Sec. 307 of attempt to murder as well as rioting, and arrested 11-12 people. We have secured their custody for a further two days and investigation is under way.\"A doctor in Bombay Hospital said Tandel was recovering well and was stable. \"He was admitted with injuries to the head and required multiple sutures. He also has an injury to the right thumb,\" he said, adding that he would be discharged in the next few days.Meanwhile the Tandel family accuses the local police of shielding the culprits for they are wealthy landowners and builders. However, the deputy superintendent denied this was so. \"The police have been taking down each one of their complaints. We have applied the most stringent sections of attempt to murder in Sunday's matter too and can hardly be accused of partisan behaviour,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17592927", "title": "Burglars strike cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house, steal gold, silver", "text": "CHENNAI: Burglars struck at a police sub-inspector's house in Sathangadu near Ennore and decamped with two sovereigns of gold jewellery and 2.5kg of silver ornaments.Police said the incident occurred on Tuesday, when S Durairaj, a special branch sub-inspector, was in his office at Ennore and his wife had gone out.The burglars broke open the lock with a crowbar, police said. They added that it was a daring attempt by the burglars despite knowing that the house belonged to a policeman.Neighbours told police they did not notice the men breaking into the house. A case has been registered and police are on the lookout for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17595862", "title": "Supreme Court breather for Pyarimohan Mohapatra in RS membership issue", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Expelled BJD Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Wednesday got a shot in the arm following a Supreme Court order that can qualify him to function as an independent member in the upper house.Pyari had moved the apex court seeking a direction to BJD president Naveen Patnaik to forthwith intimate in writing his status to the Rajya Sabha. The party president had announced his suspension on June 1 and got his expulsion decided at a meeting of the executive committee on 16th November. Naveen, however, did not intimate the decision to the Rajya Sabha, thereby letting Pyarimohan continue as a party MP in the Parliament records, but practically making him non-operational as a legislator. Pyari waited for some time and decided to approach the Supreme Court after Mangala Kisan, the BJD leader in the Rajya Sabha, recently served a party whip on all the members except him to participate in and vote during the FDI debate.Pyari apprehended that without seeking judicial relief, he might eventually fall into Naveen's trap and lose his Rajya Sabha membership on the ground of defying party whip. A three-judge Supreme Court bench, while admitting Pyari's petition, referred it to a larger bench and ordered that the previous decision by the same court in G Viswanathan case would not be applicable to him. In the G Viswanathan case, a SC bench had said that an expelled member could be deemed a member of the party on whose ticket he or she was elected.The judicial relief for Pyari came in line with similar orders passed earlier in case of former Samajwadi Party MPs Amar Singh and Jaya Prada , when they were expelled from the Samajwadi Party. They had approached the apex court fearing that its order in the G Viswanathan case could be applied to them. The Supreme Court, however, had referred its own decision to a larger bench for reconsideration, and ordered them to continue as MPs not attached to the SP.\"I am happy that justice is given to me. BJD president Naveen Patnaik had hatched a conspiracy against me to deny me of my rights, which failed. I will continue to fight for the large majority of BJD workers, who are now oppressed by their leader. My fight to cleanse the BJD of unconstitutional elements will intensify,\" Pyarimohan said.The Supreme Court interim order apparently came as a shocker for the BJD leadership, but most party leaders were at a loss to explain why Pyari's expulsion was not communicated to the Rajya Sabha. \"We have discarded Pyarimohan Mohapatra from our party. He should resign on his own. We wonder why he is talking of fighting for our party workers and cleansing the party anymore,\" remarked Pravat Tripathy, BJD government chief whip and party's election returning officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592779", "title": "Mental scars often run deeper", "text": "MUMBAI: A blade slash on the face left Mona Chaudhary, a 20-year-old student of a Parel junior college, needing 28 stitches in November. Prior to the attack, she was a chirpy college goer, excited about making a career in the food industry.Her uncle Bharat said Mona now does not step out of her house alone. \"We are trying to give her support, but she keeps thinking about the incident,\" he added. Mona has just starting going to college again after much convincing by her family that life has to go on.Experts say attack on women to disfigure them or cause grave harm, leave them with catastrophic effects on mind and body. The mental agony combined with physical pain and an unforeseen financial burden cause long-term depression and frustration in many of them.Ten months on, 22-year-old acid attack victim Aarti Thakur is yet to piece her life together. The fact that she was attacked in the middle of a busy Goregaon station has only worsened her trauma. The fear of being attacked again has robbed her of all confidence to step out and live life normally. Not only that, her medical expenses and the need for two more surgeries have only added to the burden of her single parent. Thakur said the family is in the process of collecting around Rs 2 lakh for corrective procedures.Doctors say acid or chemical attacks can have horrific impact on the human skin. Plastic surgeon Dr Sunil Keswani, who has treated several acid attack victims, said mostly concentrated hydrochloric or sulfuric acid is used. \"It could melt skin tissue, exposing the bones and in worse cases, even melt the bone,\" he said. Worse, he added, in most cases the victims need recurrent surgeries as contractures have a tendency to come back.While figures on attack on women are scarce, activists believe 200-300 acid attack cases take place in India every year. Psychiatrist Dr Yusuf Matcheswalla said the ways of dealing with trauma vary. \"Some come out of it fast while others go into a shell. The onus is on loved ones to reach out and give them confidence, or on the victims to seek help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17596147", "title": "Dreams do come true: Missy J", "text": "Jenny Vaghela, better known as Missy J, was born and raised in London &amp; is an aspiring female Dhol player set to make her mark!From a young age she has always had a passion for music and to be performing on stage. This started with using pencils to make beats on tables, and learning to play tabla at the age of six, As she grew older the tabla turned into the dhol, which she has been playing for more than four years. Missy J has been taught by the likes of the famous dhol player Johnny Kalsi at The Dhol Foundation. She has played dhol at many weddings, performed at cultural shows, and at the famous Royal Albert Hall.In August 2010, Missy J also performed live on BBC Asian Network radio for the presenter Nihal on his show \"The Nihal Show\". Missy J has continued to build an exciting reputation as one of the finest up and coming female dhol artists, and will definitely bring added glamour and style to future Asian events.Missy J has also played alongside METZ from Metz 'N' Trix, Stranger Family and has built up her connections in the Asian music industry with artists such as H Dhami, Juggy D, Rishi Rich and others know all about her. Missy J has also appeared with her dhol in the famous bhangra singer Mangal Singh's new music video called Celebrations which was air on major asian music channels.She recently had her first ever international booking in South Africa , which was a dream come true. \"Been playing dhol all around the UK and had always wanted to take the dhol abroad and I finally got that chance. Dreams do come true\". This is just a starting point for her and she has many more years to progress in this music industry.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17596229", "title": "Kumb Mela Facebook account carries a helpline number", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The DSP claimed that the police are putting even minute details for the convenience of pilgrims on the Facebook account for the Kumbh Mela and also welcoming suggestions.The account also carries a helpline number and email addresses of senior Kumbh Mela authorities as they could share inputs or suggestions.Similarly, details regarding civil police, jal police, fire services, PAC and CPRF is also available online.\"Interestingly, while 50 people 'befrended' the Mela police on the first day, over 400 liked the page. The exercise would yield desired results as people have started sharing the inputs. A technical team of cops is also assisting the Mela police officials to update the information,\" the Dy SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17592245", "title": "Boost for Navi Mumbai Metro", "text": "MUMBAI: The Metro rail project being constructed by the City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) in Navi Mumbai between Belapur and Pendhar got a shot in the arm on Tuesday.Engineers have started installing segments atop the pillars, said a Cidco official. The Rs 2,111-crore project to create a 11-km viaduct for the Metro with 11 stations, with majority falling in Kharghar,was launched in May 2011. Of the 320 pillars the metro has built nearly 42 are ready now with foundations for many more already in place.\"Our project has delayed by six months. However, we hope to complete the viaducts and stations by March 2014,\" said Cidco managing director Tanaji Satre. \"We expect another six months for rolling stock to come up.We hope to undertake the trial run by December 2014,\" he added. \"Normally it takes minimum four years to build metro but we are planning to finish it in three-and-half months as there are no hurdles on the ground now. The work on seven stations has already begun. The construction of depots will start this month. Developer for rolling stock like trains, signaling and tracks will be in place in another four months,\" Satre said. According to planners, the Metro will be extended till Khandeshwar near the proposed Navi Mumbai airport from Taloja in the next phase.While the civil work of the project will cost Rs 1011 crore the rolling stock will cost Rs 1100 crore. Once complete the metro with four to six coaches will up to 2250 passengers one-way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17591978", "title": "Subhash Place murders solved", "text": "NEW DELHI: Angry at his sister and her husband for evicting him from their Aman Vihar property, a man hired a contract killer and got them murdered at their Subhash Place home, north-west Delhi police said on Wednesday after arresting the duo. The murders had taken place on October 30.Satpal Garg (49) dealt in steel and owned two units in Trinagar and Budh Vihar while his wife Ramkali Garg (46) was a homemaker. They were found strangled at their house in Sri Nagar.The main culprit has been identified as Pawan Jindal (34) and the contract killer as Sandeep Kumar (25) from Haryana. Two others are yet to be arrested. \"Garg sold his Aman Vihar house and asked Pawan - who had been living there for years - to vacate it. Pawan began conspiring with his two friends, Chandraveer and Vikram, to eliminate Garg. He hired a professional killer, Sandeep Kumar, for a sum of Rs 1 lakh for committing the double murder. Chandraveer, Vikram and Sandeep strangled the couple to death and proceeded to rob the house,\" DCP northwest P Karunakaran said. They severed Ramkali's ear to rob her earrings.When Garg's son, Naveen, rushed to the spot about 8.30 pm after receiving a call from the milkman, he found his father in a pool of blood and took him to Argrasen Hospital. He then remembered his mother had not answered his frantic calls and returned. He rushed her to Max Hospital at Pitampura. Both were declared dead on arrival.\"As tea was being prepared and entry to the house had been friendly, we suspected an insider's role,\" Karunakaran said. Analysis of call records led police to Chandraveer and Vikram but they went absconding. Finally, cops zeroed in on Sandeep from call details. \"He confessed during interrogation,\" Karunakaran said. Pawan was apprehended and he confessed, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17593155", "title": "'Panditji shouldn't have performed on November 4'", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17596002", "title": "Cash transfers to begin from January 1", "text": "MYSORE: The district's domestic LPG consumers will get subsidy as cash component credited to their account from January 1, in-charge DC Ajay Nagbushan has said.The official machinery is readying to implement the UPA's flagship Direct Cash Transfer (DCT) scheme for LPG users in the city and has started the process of assessing the number of consumers who have Unique Identification (UID) numbers. Notwithstanding the criticism by political parties, the official machinery is going ahead with its plan. There are 6,88,422 households in the district of which 4,42,072 have SB account in banks. \"We are assessing as to how many of the 3.6 lakh LPG consumers have UID numbers to link them to the bank accounts,\" sources told TOI. This is expected to take a week's time.When oil PSUs started working out the plan, they selected three LPG distributors to roll out DCT gathering bank account details and Aaadhaar numbers of 77,000 consumers in the city.But the target has not been reached, as LPG consumers are facing difficulty in getting the UID numbers. Though the enrolment for the 12-digit Aadhaar is 95 per cent in the district, majority of them have not received the UID numbers. But officials are undeterred. \"We'll start implementing DCT for those consumers who have Aadhaar on an experimental basis,\" sources stated.Ahead of the launch of the scheme, Ajay Nagbushan and director in the Union ministry of finance Aseeta Singh held a meeting with officials and bankers, including M B Chinappa, the lead bank manager, who has to coordinate with other banks for DCT, and discussed the preparedness.According to Ajay Nagbushan, the social security schemes like widow and old age pensions will be brought under DCT.However, officials said the focus is on reaching LPG subsidy to consumers. The system works like this: when a cylinder is delivered to the consumer, the dealer will update the information and the cash component will be directly credited to the bank account. The pilot project in other districts has established that the cash can be credited to the consumer's bank account on the same day of the delivery, a senior bank official explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17592754", "title": "Haryana hikes bus fares, Chandigarh-Delhi travel to cost Rs 38 more", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Those travelling from Chandigarh to Delhi in Haryana Roadways buses will now have to shell out Rs 38 more as the Haryana government on Wednesday hiked the bus fare by 10 paise per kilometre.However, there is no hike in the fares of Volvo buses. The decision was taken at a cabinet meeting.With this, the effective rate per km will work out to 75 paise per km, including 25 paise service tax.Now, a passenger travelling to Delhi will have to pay Rs 225 against the old fare of Rs 187. The new fare will come into force with immediate effect, officials said.\"Despite the increase, bus fares are less than Punjab, Himachal and Uttar Pradesh,\" said CM Hooda, attributing the hike to increase in rates of diesel.Arun Kumar, director general of transport department, Haryana, confirmed that increased rates will not have any impact on running of Volvo buses.Other decisions taken during the meeting of Haryana cabinet included re-launching of schemes related to compounding and settlement of unpaid electricity bills in domestic, rural and agriculture sectors.The cabinet also approved petty grant of chief parliamentary secretaries and legislators. The grant for CPS has gone up to Rs 3 lakh, while MLAs will have yearly petty grant of Rs 1 lakh.The cabinet also approved a proposal to constitute state commission for protection of child rights as per provisions of Commissions for Protection of Child Rights Act, 2005. Its headquarters will be Chandigarh or Panchkula, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17591243", "title": "Colleges panic over returning money", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Colleges which did not spend money given by the University Grants Commission (UGC) as grant are now frantically approaching the (GU) to get them more time to spend the money.The ironic sudden action follows a UGC diktat that colleges which did not spend any UGC grant within one year of its disbursement should return the same with 10 per cent interest.The UGC had given grant ranging from Rs 10 lakh to 50 lakh to colleges in Gujarat towards buying new equipment, building a new department, renovating existing buildings, library and even buying books or journals for research and other expenses for 2007-2012.The UGC has now issued a directive to all the colleges that they should submit their audited accounts of the grant used to their Pune headquarters after December 26.GU officials said that there are many colleges which have not even spent a rupee from the grant. These colleges were initially completely apathetic towards using the grant for the betterment of the college and students. Now faced with the prospective of returning the grant with ten per cent interest, colleges are asking the GU to represent their cause and win them some more time to use the grants.\"Since this is an issue concerning the respective colleges, we cannot directly intervene. However, if we get representations from a sizeable number of colleges, we may request the UGC to give these colleges some more time\", said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17596153", "title": "Tahsildar fined for RTI lapses", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore tahsildar Ravichandra Naik, who failed to provide information sought under Right to Information (RTI) Act to an applicant on time, will have to cough up Rs 10,000 as penalty for the lapse.RTI activist B Prakash Bhat had filed two separate applications seeking information on cases related to land records a year ago.Prakash told TOI that the officer had failed to provide information within the time frame prescribed under the RTI Act.\"I received replies for my RTI applications only after I approached the State Information Commission (SIC). Convinced about the undue delay on part of the officer, SIC directed him to pay a penalty in both the cases,\" Prakash added.In his reply to one of the two show-ause notices, the tahsildar had informed the State Information Commission that he could not provide information to the applicant on time as the related file was kept at a different place while the records room was being shifted. In his reply to the second show-cause notice, he stated that the information was delayed as the work of file indexing and cataloging was going on at the record room.However, the commission did not accept the justifications given by the tahsildar.State information commissioner MR Poojar directed Ravichandra Naik to pay Rs 5,000 each under Section 20(1) of the RTI Act for the lapses. The commission will reopen the cases to review the action taken reports on April 17, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17593660", "title": "Woman robbed at knifepoint", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 65-year-old retired Panjab University English professor was robbed at knife-point inside her house in Sector 44 B on Tuesday night. The victim, Nirmala Datta had gone out to move her car parked on the road inside the gate when the accused apparently sneaked into the house.When she came to the room, the man who was masked, pounced on her brandishing a knife and tied her up with a dupatta before taking away her money, jewellery, ATM card and camera. Datta was alone at home when she was robbed around 8pm on Tuesday night.\"When I entered the house, a masked man, who appeared to be either in his late 20s or early 30s held a knife to my neck. He tied my hands and legs with a dupatta and asked for valuables, saying he would kill me if I didn't comply. I was too afraid to notice whether he came on a vehicle or not\", Datta said.Sector 34 police station SHO inspector Diwan Singh said, \"We are working on different theories to nab the culprit. The accused could be a drug addict, because his motive was just to get money and not to injure the victim. He could also be known to the victim, as he was familiar with the layout of the house and he did not touch anything else. By that argument, he could be a professional. We are working on the case and will nab the culprit soon.\" A case has been registered at the Sector 34 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17593692", "title": "Protest against power tariff hike", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association ( NIMA) and Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) have decided to organise an agitation in front of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) divisional office at Nashik Road on Thursday to protest against the power tariff hike.The MSEDCL has hiked power tariff up to 30% for industries with effect from August. With an aim to protest against the power tariff hike, the Thane-based Chamber of Small Industries Association ( COSIA) and Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCI&A;) had called a state-wide bandh inOctober.Now, the Maharashtra Industrial Co-ordination Committee has decided to intensify its protest against the power tariff rise with a ghantanad agitation which will be staged by the industries in front of the offices of MSEDCL. Speaking to TOI, President of AIMA Suresh Mali said, \"Maharashtra is playing a major role in the economic and industrial sectors of the country. We are aware of the state government's policy of increasing business within the state and bringing in foreign investments. The 30 to 50% power tariff hike by MSEDCL will lead to around 30 to 40% rise in the production cost.\"\"The expenditure on power is 30 to 50% of the production cost in some sectors like manufacturing of glass containers, steel, chemical, plastic, casting and foundry. This may force industries either to migrate to other states or face closure. This will make workers unemployable and also cause result in the state government losing out on taxes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-13"}
