{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421745", "title": "Thane school pays for not refunding fee", "text": "MUMBAI: A consumer forum has ruled that schools and educational institutions taking lumpsum fees and not refunding them when astudent wishes to opt out amounts to unfair trade practice.The Thane District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum made the observation recently while directing Billabong High International School to refund fees amounting to Rs 56,250 to Thane resident Santosh Pillai. The school was also ordered to pay Rs 12,000 as compensation and cost of litigation.On March 8, 2010, Pillai had enrolled his daughter in Class VI and paid Rs 45,250 as advance fee for the first quarter term and Rs 11,000 towards sports and performing arts programme (SPA) fee. Through a letter dated April 29, he cancelled the admission citing personal reasons. Pillai then sought the refund of the fees he had paid. With his followup and reminders amounting to little, Pillai filed a complaint with the forum in 2011.The education department has released a government resolution saying schools that have buses on contract will not be held responsible for the safety of students outside the campus. The decision follows the cancellation of bus contracts by several schools in Chembur who said they could not ensure the safety of students, putting parents in a spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421561", "title": "672 passengers caught travelling without ticket", "text": "VARANASI: As many as 672 passengers travelling without ticket have been caught on various routes of NER (Varanasi division) during the six-day drive which concluded.According to NER (Varanasi) spokesperson, Rs 2,59,872 were collected as penalty from these passengers. The raid led by assistant divisional commercial manager (ticket checking) Radheshyam and comprising TTEs and RPF personnel conducted raids in several trains passing through Manduadih-Aurihar-Mau and Aurihar-Ghazipur city-Ballia section under the division. The raids were conducted in Chauri Chaura Express, Vibhuti Express, Ganga-Kaveri Express, Swatantrata Senani Express and other trains passing through the division.Another accused in Dargah case surrenders: One more accused in the killing of the head of Rahim Shah Dargah and his three family members on June 16, surrendered before the chief judicial magistrate on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418313", "title": "Blaze casts a shadow on IAS transfers", "text": "MUMBAI: Scheduled transfers of many bureaucrats are likely to be put on hold in the wake of the Mantralaya fire, which destroyed thousands of files.\"Many bureaucrats are due for transfers. But transfers of bureaucrats whose departments were affected by the fire will not happen soon,\" a senior Mantralaya official said. \"Replacing exiting IAS officers, especially in departments that were affected by the fire, will lead to a delay in the reconstruction of files. Hence, the government is contemplating to put transfers of IAS officers on the backburner.\"T C Benjamin, additional chief secretary, urban development department, and Nitin Kareer, secretary to the chief minister's office, are among the officers due for transfer, but might have to wait longer as their departments were the most affected by the fire. The transfers of nearly ten more bureaucrats will be affected as their departments, too, were badly affected.According to service rules, the normal tenure in a posting is three years for IAS officers and group A, B and C employees.In May, health secretary Bhushan Gagrani was transferred as CEO of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), but he continued to hold additional charge of health. Days later, Jayant Kumar Banthia-additional chief secretary, health-was promoted to chief secretary. He replaced outgoing chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad. Since then, talk of IAS transfers was doing the rounds of Mantralaya's corridors of power.\"The reshuffle of IAS officers might take a back seat for a couple of months,\" a Mantralaya source said.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday said that it would be difficult to quantify loss of data at the present juncture. About 30% \"of Mantralaya was damaged in the fire. But it will be difficult to gauge data loss immediately.\"Taking cue from public health minister Suresh Shetty's department---National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) which is the first department to have paper less office in the state, Chavan said, \"Vikas Kharage, NRHM, mission director has made his office paperless. On Similar lines all other departments too will be made paperless.\" However when asked whether government has set any deadline, Chavan said, \"The attempt is to have paperless system in place for all the departments. The government is working towards its goal. How long it will take, it is difficult to say.\"According to government statistics when fire engulfed the Mantralaya, there were total 5.86 lakh files in the state administrative headquarters. Of which 5.52 lakh were active (moving from one department to other).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421204", "title": "Govt no to Patna University entrance test for degree courses", "text": "PATNA: The state government has turned down the proposal of Patna University (PU) to hold entrance test for admission to the three-year degree courses in different colleges of the university.According to official sources, in a communication sent to PU registrar on Tuesday, the higher education department has asked the university not to hold the entrance test as it would be against the provisions of the Patna University Act. The state government has rejected the university's proposal on two grounds. Firstly, the PU admission ordinance does not provide for holding any entrance test for admission to the undergraduate courses. Secondly, the state government has not yet taken any such decision to hold entrance test for admission.Section 58(3) of the Patna University Act, 1976, as amended up to date states, \"The state government may, by notification, direct the university to prescribe entrance examination for admission into the graduate courses in the colleges specified in this behalf and to commence such entrance examination annually from the academic session notified by the state government in this behalf.\"However, the state government has not issued, till date, any notification directing the PU to hold the entrance examination for admission, said government sources. The university had decided to hold entrance test for undergraduate courses this year without seeking prior permission of the state government.PU colleges had made all the necessary arrangements for conducting the entrance test from July 2 to July 7. More than 20,000 students have applied for admission to BA, BSc and BCom honours part-I courses in different colleges of PU. The last date for submission of forms for admission ended on Monday.Patna Science College principal Arun Kumar Sinha, when contacted, said he had not received any official information regarding postponement of entrance test so far. In case of postponement, admission would be made on the basis of marks secured in the last qualifying examination (Plus 2) and the entrance test fee collected from students would be refunded to them, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418883", "title": "Four more file for bail in Juhu 'rave' party case", "text": "MUMBAI: Four more people, who had tested positive for drugs in the Juhu 'rave' party last month, filed anticipatory bail applications in the special Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) court.The court will hear these applications along with those filed by two others earlier on Wednesday. The court orally restrained the Juhu police from taking any further action till then. The court also directed the police to file its reply and be more clear on the sections applied.Two of the applications were filed by a city-based fashion designer and an actor through their lawyer Satish Maneshinde. In the application, the designer said he cannot be held vicariously liable for the acts of people who attended the said party. The designer further said that no incriminating contraband or any other material was recovered from him. He said he took some time to settle down at the party and had had just one drink when the police raided the party.The police had summoned the applicants for further legal action and investigation in a case registered against them on May 21 under Section 8(C) read with 20, 21, 25, 27 and 29 of the NDPS Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14419816", "title": "Dangre re-elected MSVA president for the third term", "text": "NAGPUR: With almost all the affiliated units of Maharashtra State Volleyball Association (MSVA) backing him, president of Nagpur District Volleyball Association, Vijay Dangre has been unanimously re-elected as the head of state body on Tuesday.Dangre will head the MSVA for the third term in succession. During the AGM held at the MLA hostel, 28 of the 35 district associations joined hands with a signature campaign to re-elect Dangre as its president.All these 28 district association gave a signed memorandum in favour of Dangre to the election officer Advocate Vivek Kedar. After electing Dangre as its president for a three-year period, all members gave him the powers to elect the 20-member new executive.Joint secretary of Volleyball Federation of India Nand Kumar and member of Maharashtra Olympic Association Dhananjay Bhosle were the observer for the general body meeting.Kolhapur's Balasaheb Suryavanshi too was re-elected as the secretary of the state body.The eight vice-presidents of the MSVA include CP Gupta (Gondia), Ravi Kiran (Ratnagiri), Manish Joshi (Amravati), Pradeep Thakur (Wardha), Ravindra Kamble (Mumbai Sub-Urban), S Satturkar (Nanded), MA Barai (Hingoli) and Mansingh Jagtap (Satara). Dhule's Ratan Ligade was announced as the joint secretary while Chandrapur's Wamanrao Hemke became the new treasurer.The eight zonal secretaries in the state body include Sanjay Naik (Mumbai city), PP Nikumbh (Nandurbar), D Deshmukh (Buldhana), S Pawar (Gadchiroli), N Chamankar (Sindhudurg), MA Padne (Osmanabad), Arshad Qazi (Jalna) and V Rahirkar (Pune).In addition, Sahebrao Thakre from Akola has been named as the chairman of referees' board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14419864", "title": "Doubts raised over Vishaka Steel Plant oxygen facility", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Steel Workers Federation of India (SWFI) general secretary PK Das on Tuesday expressed doubts over the design and construction of the new oxygen control facility in the Vishaka Steel Plant. A major blast in the oxygen facility a couple of weeks ago had killed 19 employees of VSP, Blue Star, Dastur and Company and SMS India.After visiting the blast site in the plant, Das who is also vice chairman of the National Safety Council of India, observed some marked discrepancies in the design and construction of the oxygen plant.He expressed doubts about the layout, quality of materials used, reliability of its safety and control equipments and the space between the equipments.In a press statement, Das said if the new oxygen unit at the SMS II of the expansion works was on par with the old unit at SMS I constructed by BHPV 25 years ago, then the new unit might have easily withstood the enhanced pressure of the oxygen. He said there was a difference between the designs of the old one and new one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14427747", "title": "Man gets life imprisonment in a murder case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court has sentenced a person to life imprisonment after it found him guilty of committing murder over the issue of payment.Bhupendersingh alias Banti Bhatia has got convicted of committing murder and an additional sessions judge D Y Malik ordered him to serve a life term in jail and the court has also slapped a penalty of Rs 5,000 on him.As per the prosecution's case, a quarrel took place at Chakudiya Mahadev in Hatkeshwar area on January 11, 2010, when Bhatia refused to pay a parlor owner Devilal after consuming food of considerable amount. Bhatia took on the shop owner, and when the latter insisted on payment, Bhatia brutally beat him and even stabbed him in groin. Devilal was rushed to a hospital, but could not survive the injuries. The Rakhial police lodged an offence against Bhatia accusing him of murder. A trial came to be initiated and public prosecutor Hansa Jain examined 16 witnesses and produced 18 documentary evidence before the court. After hearing the case, the court found Bhatia guilty of murder.Arguing for the quantum of punishment, the prosecutor argued that the accused's behaviour was like that of an extortionist and exemplary punishment should be awarded to Bhatia in order to send a strong single in the society. She also demanded life term claiming that freedom of a person like the accused was dangerous for the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14421012", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation decides to fell dead trees in city", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided to conduct a survey and fell all dead trees located in the city. This was decided in the standing committee meeting of the RMC held here on Tuesday. The meeting was held following the death of an auto driver when a tree fell on his vehicle on Monday.Mayor Rama Khalkho said, \"We will be writing to the forest department and conduct a survey and cut down all standing trees which are dead to avoid recurrence of such tragedies.\"The mayor also said a committee would be set up for beautification and conservation of lakes in the city. Khalko said, \"While one committee will be set up for the beautification of lakes in the city,a separate committee will be set up for cleaning and beautification of the distillery lake.\"Funds have been sanctioned for setting up parks in different areas of the city. Amounts of Rs 6,79,200 and Rs16,31,900 have been sanctioned for two parks to be set up at Harmu Housing Colony and Rs 18, 39,200 has been sanctioned for setting up a park near Kartik Oraon Chowk.Another important decision taken at the meeting was to give rebate to people in professional taxes and license fees if the amount for five years is paid at one go.Khalko said, \"According to Section 455 of Jharkhand Municipal Act, 2011 a rebate of 4% will be given if license fee and professional taxes for a five-year period are paid in a bulk.\"Before the meeting began, Deepankar Panda was welcomed as the new chief executive officer of RMC and the former CEO Vinay Chaubey was given farewell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422780", "title": "Solanki may have to resign", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Minister of state for fisheries Parshottam Solanki is likely to resign from the Narendra Modi ministry over corruption charges in the Rs 400 crore fishing scam, which is on the radar of the Gujarat high court. On March 30, the court directed the state government to give sanction to prosecute Solanki within three months, failing which the governor will have to take a call. The cabinet meeting on Wednesday is likely to take a decision on this issue. Efforts are on to appease Solanki who wields considerable influence over Koli votes - almost 20% in the coastal belt. In his place, younger brother Hira Solanki, also a BJP MLA, may be inducted into the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422172", "title": "Diploma engineering merit list today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The wait for students aspiring for admission in diploma engineering courses will end on Wednesday. In the morning, the admission committee for professional diploma courses (ACPDC) will declare the merit list for admission.Over 54,000 seats are available in various diploma engineering colleges across the state for which more than 1.10 lakh students have applied. This time more admission forms were sold, as compared to the last year, said an ACPDC official.On Tuesday, the ACPDC will conduct mock rounds for students. During this process, which students will specify their preferred colleges and courses. Based on their SSC marks, colleges and courses will be allocated by ACPDC, said sources.\"Each applicant can specify names of 100 colleges and courses in his wish list. After first mock round results will be declared where students have got admission. Then the second mock round will be conducted,\" said police officials.The final merit list, said ACPDC officials, will be declared after rechecking of answersheets of SSC students is completed by the first week of July. Rechecking of answersheets is being carried out by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board on the basis of applications filed by students who suspect that there are error in addition of marks given to them in various papers. After this is complete the education board will submit final marks to ACPDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14422209", "title": "Mumbai MLAs get poor rating in survey", "text": "MUMBAI: At a timewhen student scores hover around 100%, a report card of the legislative assembly shows that MLAs from the city would score 63.59 % on an average if evaluated for their performance . This is what NGO Praja Foundation concluded after scrutinizing MLAs on various criteria such as their attendance in the legislature , the questions they asked , I-T and criminal records and conducting an opinion poll of 14,561 Mumbaikars.Political partiesof allhuescut a sorry figure with no party scoring over 65 % for its MLAs' collective performance . MLAs from NCP emerged better than the rest followed closely by political ally Congress . The performance of NCP MLAs saw a drop from last year , even as MNS legislators saw the best improvement since 2011.\"Our purpose is to hold a mirror to elected representatives abouthowthey perform aswell as to inform citizens about their choices. We would want political parties to consider self-evaluation in future ,\" said Nitai Mehta , founder trustee of Praja .Yogesh Sagar (BJP) emerged as the best-performing MLA among his counterparts . He scored 72.5%, his score riding largely on his clean criminal record and number of questions raised in the legislature . \"People are cynical about politicians and paint them with the same brush . It is only fair to get such acknowledgment ,\" Sagar said .At the other end of the spectrum was Congress MLA Chandrakant Handore for playing truant from the legislature and barely asking any questions . Following him were BJP's Prakash Mehta and Congress's Baba Siddique . \"I have raised over 200 questions in thelegislature andsitin my office every day for any one who wants to meet me ,\" he claimed , dismissing thefindings .Mehta'sPAsaid hewasunwell andwould getback to TOI but did not respond till the time of going to press. Handore's PA askedTOItocallbacklater ,but did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418455", "title": "Power shock: Tariffs rise 26% for Delhi households", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the steepest hike in recent years, domestic consumers will have to pay almost 26% more for power from July 1, the city's electricity regulator said on Tuesday while announcing new tariff slabs.This is the second tariff hike in 10 months, not taking into account the increase in power bills due to fuel surcharge. The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission's announcement, initially expected in early July, was announced on Tuesday evening. While the overall increase across categories is 20.87%, domestic consumers have been handed the steepest hike.As per the new tariff chart, the hike works out to be 25.47% for BSES Rajdhani consumers, 24.29% for BSES Yamuna customers and the highest 27.88% for consumers of Tata Power Delhi.The difference in hikes is mainly on account of the fuel surcharge being replaced by a quarterly fuel price adjustment (FAC).\"The fuel surcharge was different for all three discoms, with Tata Delhi having the lowest charge. This would mean the lowest reduction for their consumers. The actual hike for domestic consumers is 24.15% but the additional 8% surcharge on the overall bill would effectively make it more,\" explained an official.Domestic consumers will be charged Rs 3.70/unit for the first 200 units instead of Rs 3. Up to 400 units, a charge of Rs 4.80/unit will be calculated from zero, not 200 as earlier, adding to middle-class bills. Above 400 units, charges will be Rs 6.40/unit. Fixed charges have also been raised.The power tariff hike for commercial users is 19.49% and for industries, the increase amounts to 20.2%.For many consumers, one of the biggest shocks in the order lies in the new tariff slabs. To protect poor consumers and ensure that middle and upper-class consumers bear the brunt of the hike, DERC has revised the slabs. Now, a consumer who uses more than 200 units will automatically be billed according to the second slab of energy charge of Rs 4.80/unit.\"Every unit of power will make a difference now. To pay the lowest energy charges, your consumption must be 200 units or lower, otherwise you will be billed according to the second slab,\" said DERC member J P Singh.Justifying the hike, DERC chairperson P D Sudhakar said the combined deficits of the three discoms have been estimated at around Rs 6,000 crore and there was no alternative but to hike the tariff. He said DERC has decided to impose an 8% surcharge to help recover the private discoms part of their losses incurred in the last few years.\"For several years, there was no tariff revision at all and since then, power purchase cost has gone up and generation costs have increased. We have adjusted a deficit of Rs 700 crore but discoms still have a gap of Rs 5,800 crore that has to be adjusted in future years,\" Sudhakar said.Discoms in the city, who have been campaigning hard for a hike, have a reason to cheer. Discom Tata Delhi Power said it was yet to fully analyse the impact of the new tariffs.\"The increase will be used to meet power purchase costs that have been rising in recent times. The surcharge allowed by the regulator will be used to meet the accumulated deficit which is putting a huge burden on both the consumer and also affecting the debt raising capacity of the discoms,\" said a Tata Power spokesperson.Discom BSES justified the hike, saying bulk power costs had gone up 300% as against retail tariffs increasing by only 36%. \"The absence of cost reflective tariff had put a severe strain on the finances of the companies. The huge difference between the increase in bulk power costs and retail tariff led to a build-up of regulatory assets to the tune of nearly Rs 20,000 crore. This affected the sustainability of operations for the discoms who continued to lose nearly Rs 2 per unit of power purchased,\" said a BSES spokesperson.\"Our expenditure has been way more than our income because of which we have been finding it very hard to make timely payments to power generating stations,\" he added.Times ViewThe regulator has determined that rising input costs necessitate an increase in power tariffs in the capital. As consumers, we would be willing to accept that, provided there was an accompanying commitment from the discoms that power supply would become more reliable. They need to invest much more than they have done in upgrading infrastructure to ensure that systems don't trip as regularly as they do today. The government too must do its bit by enhancing power generating capacity, an area in which there has been a major lag in recent years. In short, a deal which offers better service for higher prices is acceptable, one that hikes tariffs without delivering anything in %return is not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14418102", "title": "PIL against cement companies for violating Forest Act", "text": "SHILLONG: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) has filed a PIL in the Supreme Court regarding \"gross violation\" of Forest Act, 1980, by cement companies in Jaintia Hills in course of limestone mining in forest areas taken on lease from local tribals.The Chief Justice of Supreme Court, in his ruling on April 16, 2012, disposed of the PIL with provision for JYF to file the petition in an appropriate court first. \"Accordingly, JYF filed a fresh PIL in Gauhati high court, seeking injunction against carrying on work for establishing and operating limestone mines in violation of FC Act, 1980 and Supreme Court ruling on TN Godavarman versus Union of India, State of Meghalaya and nine cement companies, including Star Cement, Topcem, Taj Cement, Best Cement, Green Valley Industries (P) Limited, Amrit Cement Industries Limited, Adhunik Cement Limited, Cosmos Cement Limited, Goldstone Cement, located at Jaintia Hills among others are respondents,\" a release issued by JYF president Poipynhun Majaw said.\"Chief Justice AK Goel and Justice N Kotiswar Singh, while taking cognizance of the issue raised in the petition, directed the secretary, Union ministry of environment and forests, to look into the matter relating to alleged violation of law and to take steps in the matter within three months besides submitting a report to court,\" added Majaw.The next hearing on the case is on October 10. The JYF also pointed out that the Union minister of environment and forests had stated in Parliament that violation of FC Act, 1980, by cement plants in Jaintia Hills, has indeed taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426036", "title": "Bappi Lahiri felicitate", "text": "It was time to felicitate achievers from various fields on Monday as part of an awards ceremony held at a city art gallery.While music man Bappi Lahiri received the Lifetime Achievement Award for his contribution to the music industry, Agnimitra Paul, Wasim Kapoor, Riddhi Bandopadhyay and Debajyoti Mishra were awarded for outstanding achievements in the fields of fashion, art, vocals and music direction, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422240", "title": "Board office traffic signals to be restored soon: BMC", "text": "BHOPAL: Traffic signals at the Board office square may start functioning within a week, if the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials are to be believed.The traffic signals at the busy square have been out of order for more than a week now, resulting in jams and causing inconvenience for the commuters.\"The repair work of the traffic signal here is on. We expect the repair work to be over within a week,\" Subodh Jain, engineer, BMC said.The signals here went out of order as the cables were damaged during the widening of roads under the Bus Rapid Transit System ( BRTS) corridor near board office square, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421460", "title": "Man crushed by bus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A pedestrian died after a KSRTC bus knocked him down and ran over him at East Fort on Tuesday afternoon. The identity of the man has not been established.According to the police, the accident occurred around 1.30pm on the heavily-congested road leading to the KSRTC city depot at East Fort near Gandhi Park. The man appeared to be aged between 30 and 45. His body has been moved to the mortuary of the Medical College Hospital.Two days ago, another pedestrian had died in a similar way after he was run over by a KSRTC low-foor bus near the KSRTC central bus terminal at Thampanoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14422691", "title": "Traffic continues to crawl on Southern Bypass", "text": "LUDHIANA: The construction work to connect bridge portions on the Southern Bypass continues to pose problems to the commuters, who suggest the construction be kept on during night, in order to avoid snarls during peak traffic hours.The work of connecting various bridge portions near Pakhowal Road crossing on the Bypass during peak hours leads to frequent jams on the stretch.Businessman Amarjit Singh from Basant Vihar says, \"No prior information was given to the daily commuter before starting the construction work, which surprisingly, is in full swing during the rush hours.\" This particular spot near Pakhowal Road crossing is already a traffic bottleneck and the mistimed construction increases the problem all more.\"The officials should inform people beforehand, so that we can take alternative routes to avoid the trouble,\" says Richa Gupta, a student from Dugri. The PWD officials are have a tight deadline to meet and hence, they are continuing work during daytime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14419837", "title": "Rural students shine in EdCET-2012", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two students from rural areas topped in mathematics and biological sciences streams in EdCET-2012. T Veera Venkata Bapiraju of Visakhapatnam district and Bhallmudi Santosh Sarath of Vizianagaram secured top positions.A total of 1,52,278 students applied for EdCET and 1,37,768 appeared for the exams, in which 99.21% qualified for the courses. There are 60,000 seats in BEd course in 605 colleges across the state.P Prasanna Lakshmi of Hyderabad secured top rank in English, while K. Lakshminarayana of Kavali got the first rank in social studies. PS Sudha of Vijayawada topped physical sciences.Higher education council principal secretary and in-charge vice-chancellor of Andhra University MG Gopal released the results here on Tuesday. He said the admission counselling date will be announced later.EAMCET-2012 results will be announced on June 30 and counselling would be held on July 14, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421615", "title": "Varanasi home to 12,000 drug addicts: Survey", "text": "VARANASI: Thousand of children in the city, who are homeless and have no access to education and health, have access to harmful and addictive drugs. According to a survey conducted by an NGO, Vishal Bharat Sansthan, over 12,000 children living near railway station working as rag-pickers and dwelling in urban slums are drug addicts. According to the reports of the survey, the age group of those children is between 4 to 16 and they use different kind of material like pain ointment, white ink, adhesive which is used by shoe makers and even cocaine and heroine to satisfy their need.As the World has observed the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking on June 26, scenario of drug addition in the city has presented an embarrassing picture. According to president, Human Welfare Association (HWA), Rajnikant, \"there are several identified pockets in the city where drug addiction is a prevalent practice. Back and front gates of Cantonment railway station, maal godam, Pandeypur, new slums at Panchkosi, Shivpur, Bazardiha are the places where over 500 children use local form of drugs. Around 2-3 bottles or packets of such drugs are used by them each day and for that they spend Rs 60-70. Such practice causes severe problems in lungs and chest of the addict,\" he informed.However, there are no government-owned rehabilitation centres in the city to bring these children to the mainstream. While the district social welfare officer, Shankar Lal could not be contacted inspite of several efforts. An official of Women and Child welfare department revealed that the Bal Sudhar Grih at Ramnagar admits no children or teenager who are drug abused or drug addict.According to Rajnikant, \"due to controlled growth of such practice in these areas, a number of teenagers who were drug addicts are now acting as drug peddlers and suppliers. Believing that drug addiction is prominent among the children and teenagers dwelling only in slum areas or those belonging to a very high society can only be considered as a half baked knowledge.\"Not revealing the identity of her patient, who was a school-going boy, senior research scientist and counsellor, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) Punam Rani Shukla, shared, \"he developed the habit of smelling the white ink (whitener) and was addicted to it. Similarly, 2-3 adolescent from good family background come on daily basis to seek an escape from their addiction to cigarettes, tobacco, alcohol and other drugs on daily basis.\"\"Drug addiction is a serious problem which cannot be controlled by a single therapy alone. Some teenagers, who are addicted to a certain kind of drug, take the therapeutic medicine as well as drugs simultaneously.A proper psychiatrist therapy, counselling as well as drug therapy along with the will power of the patient is necessary to control the habit because the person once discharged from the rehabilitation or counselling centre enters the same environment where he began taking drugs,\" she informed.According to medical social worker, department of Psychiatry, IMS, BHU, Anuradha, \"the rehabilitation centre of the department witnesses 10-12 patients addicted to heroine, alcohol, tobacco, and even bhaang in just one day. Since a person starts taking drugs during the early adolescent there is very less number of teenagers who come to the rehabilitation centre of the department.\" Most of the time, parents get to know about his or her habits at a later age when the person has reached the age of 20 or above. In such cases, an overall treatment with psycho therapy, drug therapy and family counselling helps the person get better,\" she added.Sudden personality changes that include abrupt changes in work or school attendance, quality of work, output, grades, discipline, unusual flare-ups or outbreaks of temper, withdrawal from responsibility, general changes in overall attitude, loss of interest in what were once favourite hobbies and pursuits, changes in friends and reluctance to have friends visit or talk about them, are some of the symptoms that the parents should always be watching in their children, said VB Singh, an Allahabad-based expert. Difficulty in concentration or paying attention, sudden jitteriness, nervousness, aggression, increased secretiveness, deterioration of physical appearance and grooming, wearing of sunglasses at inappropriate times and continual wearing of long-sleeved garments particularly in hot weather or reluctance to wear short-sleeved attire when appropriate, should be the watch list followed by the caring parents, he added.He said that during the state of intoxication the youngsters appeared to be in a subconscious state arising out of the kick generated by inhaling the particular potion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14420932", "title": "Upper caste youths stop dalit's ghurchari", "text": "ROHTAK: A dalit groom was barred from carrying out the marriage ritual of ghurchari by a group of upper caste youths in Baniyani village of Rohtak district on Monday night.Police booked around 10 persons and arrested one of them on Tuesday. A police team also took stock of the situation in the village.Meham DSP Prithvi Singh said that the situation is under control now and the police were trying to nab the remaining accused of which six had been identified.Ghurchari is a pre-nuptial ritual in which the groom rides a mare to the village temple.The complainant, Patlu, told the police that they were carrying out the marriage procession of his son Rajesh Kumar. When the procession reached near the house of Ram Pal, he objected and denied entry to the street. He was supported by youths identified as Bhagate, Madan, Kale, Devender, Raju and some others.The complainant said they tried to argue with them but the youths refused to let the ghurchari march on. \"We had to divert our route to return home. We informed the police about the incident,\" the groom's father said.Police sources said that on Tuesday, both the groups had a confrontation on the issue again. However, it was resolved by the police. The DSP said police has been deployed in the village and the situation. \"One person has been rounded up for questioning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14422677", "title": "Residents cheer train-tracking though SMS", "text": "LUDHIANA: Indian Railway's move to enable people to track Shatabdi's status through SMS service is gaining huge popularity and applause from commuters, who say the system not only saves time but energy too. The commuters just need to send an SMS on 09415139139 or 09664139139 for knowing the exact location of that train. In the first phase, the service is available only for Amritsar-Delhi Shatabdi while rest of the trains would be covered in the later stage.City residents are now demanding extension of this service to other trains too since the Shatabdi Express remains mostly on time, but other trains that are not very punctual. A businessman and regular traveler through Shatabdi Express, Badish Jindal said, \"It's great that such a service has been extended to passengers. Thanks to this service, the commute has become more predictable and can be planned well in advance.\" He added, \"Though, Shatabdi is very punctual, but during rainy season or winter it gets delayed. Therefore, during these months this service would prove beneficial.\"Another businessman and resident of Civil Lines, Pankaj Malhotra said, \"The first phase of this service seems to have become a huge success, but the system's real test would come once the service is extended to passengers commuting by other trains.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420568", "title": "Protect doctors, CM DV Sadananda Gowda tells police", "text": "BANGALORE: When Mruthunjaya, 69, a heart patient from Tumkur, breathed his last on June 22 at Jayadeva Hospital, his grieving son, Praveen M Yajman, along with 20 of his friends, hit the hospital staff with iron rods. As a result, Dr Kailash K Bhagali's eardrum was partially damaged.The doctors had, in fact, pointed out to the family that the patient was at high risk. Mruthunjaya had undergone an operation, and though his condition was stable, he did not survive.On Tuesday, medical education minister SA Ramdas condemned the incident and requested chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda to hold an immediate meeting of top police and health officials. The CM took stock of the situation and directed police officers to take immediate action, not only in the case of Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology, but in all other cases in the state. He pointed out to senior police officers that unlawful assault was a non-bailable offence.Ramdas visited Jayadeva Hospital on Tuesday and assured the staff that steps would be taken to protect doctors. Dr CN Manjunath, director of the institute, said: \"We doctors usually take verbal abuse by the kin of the aggrieved patients because we understand their situation. But by assaulting doctors, people are demoralizing them. The minister has indicated that people who assault medical staff can face imprisonment up to three years and pay a penalty of Rs 50,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14420712", "title": "Now, biometric system for orphanage inmates", "text": "GURGAON: In a bid to overhaul the monitoring mechanism in orphanages, the Haryana government is planning to introduce biometric system for inmates and child mapping in every district.In Gurgaon, over a dozen orphanages and child homes are operating and many of these are yet to be registered as per the recent guidelines issued by the state government. After the shocking Apna Ghar incident, all the orphanages and Child Care Institutions (CCI) have been directed to get registered in the prescribed format before June 30.On Tuesday, the finance commissioner, Women and Child Development Department, Dheera Khandelwal announced a series of steps planned to be taken in the state to monitor orphanages. \"Regular health check-ups of inmates, registration of child care institutions, police verification of the staff and collection of information regarding all orphanages, women and children staying in these institutions, will be done in the entire state,\" said Khandelwal.She also said that the NCPCR had been informed about the multi-pronged strategy to streamline the functioning of the orphanages in Haryana. The initiatives planned by the state government will curb instances of child abuse.At present, the state government has no monitoring apparatus for keeping tabs on orphanages that leaves the child welfare department clueless about ground realities in the districts.The state government has initiated an exercise to seek detailed information about all the NGOs working in Haryana and the government nodal officers facilitating the NGOs.The NGO and child care institutions will now provide mandatory details like landline phone connection for better coordination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "14424545", "title": "Special sessions to decide police complaints in Bathinda", "text": "BATHINDA: The Punjab police have planned to organize special sessions to clear the pendency of complaints filed by citizens in Bathinda, Muktsar and Mansa districts of Punjab soon.These sessions will be held in air conditioned buildings and hot tea as well biscuits will be offered to the cops associated with exercise.Such sessions will be held in 11 sub-divisions of Bathinda police range comprising Bathinda, Muktsar and Mansa districts.Deputy inspector general of police, Bathinda, Pramod Ban told the Times of India that such type of program has been planned first time in Punjab.\"We have already initiated process to make a list of pending complaints. We will call both parties involved in different disputes in attempt to solve the complaints,\" he added.\"We hope that each police station will be able to decide at least 50 complaints during first phase of the session, which would be held soon,\" he added.Lot of people file their complaints to the police stations but many of them could not be attended due to work-load on the police officials, said an officer. Senior police officials believe that the new exercise would prove helpful in keeping a check on corruption in the police department", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422165", "title": "Johri fails to turn up before CBI for 2nd time", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Additional DGP Geetha Johri failed to turn up before the CBI in Gandhinagar on Tuesday. This is the second time that the agency has summoned her for questioning in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case.On both the occasions, Johri failed to turn up. The IPS officer, said Gujarat police, is on leave till July 1. CBI sources said: \"She is untraceable. We have not been able to contact her.\" Gujarat police officials said that the senior IPS officer has taken a \"headquarter leave\". Police officers avail this leave when they wish to go out of station. Gujarat cops too are unaware of Johri's current whereabouts.CBI officials want to question Johri about her stint in CID (Crime) in 2006 when Tulsiram was gunned down in a fake encounter in Banaskantha. The probe agency wants to know why Johri's sub-ordinate police inspector V L Solanki was not allowed to go to Rajasthan to question Tulsiram. The history-sheeter was then lodged in a jail in Rajasthan.Solanki had sought permission from CID (Crime) authorities to go to Rajasthan and question Tulsiram in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. Immediately after this development, Tulsiram was brought for a hearing in an Ahmedabad court. Later, while being taken back to Rajasthan by train he was killed in the encounter. Tulsiram and Sohrabuddin were partners in crime. CBI believes that Tulsiram was with Sohrabuddin when he was kidnapped from Hyderabad in 2005.Sohrabuddin was killed in a fake encounter just days after this illegal abduction. His wife Kauserbi was also killed by Gujarat police a couple of days later. Solanki in his statement to CBI had claimed that Johri, at the behest of the then political bosses, had asked him to doctor documents of Sohrabuddin encounter probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14420144", "title": "Auto drivers attack two-wheeler rider for questioning", "text": "KOCHI: Autorickshaw drivers have gone berserk once again in the city, claiming a two-wheel rider as the latest victim of their attack.The victim, identified as Francis Fernandes of Chammani Road, Kaloor was beaten brutally by auto drivers for questioning the manner in which an auto was being driven.The North police have registered a case in connection with the incident and a search is on to nab the drivers who attacked Francis. According to the police, the incident occurred around 10.30am on Tuesday when the victim was traveling on his scooter to a nearby shop in Kaloor.The assailants attacked the person with an iron rod and broke his right leg. He was admitted to a nearby hospital. The police said that following a quarrel between the victim and an autoriskshaw driver, a gang of drivers rushed in an auto to the spot and attacked Francis. Though locals tried to rescue him, they were threatened by the gang.The police have recovered a mobile phone belonging to the gang from the spot.\"We have started to track the owner of the autorickshaw in which the goons came,\" the police said. A preliminary probe revealed that autodrivers were forming various gangs in the city and resorting to illegal activities like smuggling ganja.\"The victim has noted down the registration number of the autorickshaw. We will collect the details of the owner from the Regional Transport Office,\" officials said.A few days ago, four auto drivers were arrested by the city police for attacking a family from New Delhi who were overcharged by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420890", "title": "No agency for one lakh drug-addict kids in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: There are over one lakh drug-addict street children in Jharkhand. But no government agency is working to identify such children and rehabilitate them.Intelligence officer of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB)'s Ranchi subzone R K Sinha said, \"I am not aware of any government agency working for the welfare of drug-addict kids anywhere in the state. There is no non-government agency either.\"Over 80% of these children are badly addicted to the consumption of particular adhesive and are now mentally sick. \"The adhesive affects central nervous system and makes it dull. It will kill the kids mentally. With a useless mind, the kids will become useless and die ultimately,\" said an NCB officer.The Ranchi subzone of the NCB was established in March 2009. In the past three years, the enforcement agency has come across only one case. In October last year, intelligence officers of the agency caught a drug peddler with 3.5 kg hashish from Pandar locality.Ranchi Institute of Neuro-Psychiatry and Allied Sciences (RINPAS) director Amool Ranjan said number of drug addicts has grown at his centre in the past three years. \"In the past three years, the number of drug abusers has just doubled. This year we have treated 765 drug addicts at our centre. The annual number of treated patients at RINPAS three years ago was 350,\" said Ranjan.Dr Ashok Kumar Nag, the medical superintendent of the RINPAS and an expert on drug de-addiction, said, \"There are over 1 lakh drug-addict children in Jharkhand. The number may be more. The government has so far done no survey to ascertain the number.\" Only after the government conducts a survey, a comprehensive plan for welfare of such children can be made.The number of walk-in patients at the RINPAS has also grown. In the past one year, over 1,000 walk-in patients have come for treatment at our five centres, including Ranchi, where the head office is situated. RINPAS runs outdoor centres in Dumka, Gumla, Daltonganj and Jamshedpur. All subcentres of the institute organize awareness programmes every month in which school and college students participate. The main centre in Ranchi has organized six sensitization workshops in the past one year.On the increasing number of drug users, an expert said lack of enforcement of laws had made it easy for the addicts to get the drugs easily. \"It has encouraged drug abuse.\"If experts are to be believed, a large number of children who are badly addicted to drugs are those who do not go to schools. These children eke out a living by selling mineral water, papers, fruits, or by picking pockets at railway stations. Quite a few of them are also engaged in scavenging for money. But neither the RINPAS nor any other government agency has ever organized any awareness workshop for such kids in the slum localities or at railway stations.Dr Nag said the need of the hour was to include all such children if one wishes to have a drug-free society.NCB's Ranchi subzone on Tuesday organized a rally of students to create awareness against drug abuse. The rally was flagged off by Ranchi range IG MS Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14419411", "title": "A fire sermon for Kashmir\u2019s heritage shrines", "text": "SRINAGAR: Graceful white and green wood carvings cover glorious papier mache interiors full of scrollwork, Arabic script and floral motifs. Mesmerizing Khatamband ceilings and grand chandeliers reflect artwork of a bygone era. The Indian National Trust for Art and Heritage (Intach) has identified at least 40 out of more than a hundred shrines like the Dastageer Sahab that, with poor electrification and lack of safety equipment, are sitting on powder kegs.\"The 200-year-old Khanyar shrine devastated in Monday's fire had distinct khatambandi ceiling of walnut wood decorated with Quranic verses,\" said Mohammad Saleem Beig, convener of Intach in Srinagar. Khatamband as a craft doesn't exist outside Kashmir. It involves fitting small pieces of wood \u2014 walnut or deodar \u2014 into each other in geometrical patterns without using a single nail.Khatamband artists from Persia taught their ceiling and wall art to Kashmiris. Such structures increased with the influx of missionaries, artists and craftsmen from other centres of Islamic art from Central Asia from the ninth century onwards.Beig says the Dastageer Sahab shrine can be reconstructed with its original look and grandeur \u2014 he has a digital map of the shrine. But Zareef Ahmad, a staunch devotee of Peer Dastageer disagrees. \"Who can inscribe awrat fatiha (Quranic verses) on the wood paneled walls? he asks. The shrine, which was built in 1806 in memory of Sheikh Syed Abdullah Qadir Jeelani, was renovated by the Dogra king, Maharaja Ranbir Singh, in the early 19th century. Beig said Intach has informed the state government about poor fire safety in these shrines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "14421359", "title": "Kishanganj business tycoon killed", "text": "KISHANGANJ: A hotel owner and transport tycoon Mukesh Singh was killed and his body was thrown on the rail tracks near Baluchuka, some 2 km from Kishanganj town early on Tuesday morning. Singh was sitting on a wooden platform outside his roadside hotel at Faringola on the borders of Bihar-West Bengal, when a group of business rivals and criminals reached the spot around 2.45 am in the wee hours on Tuesday, police said.They reportedly picked up a quarrel with him and after a heated exchange they forcibly lifted and dumped him into a Bolero, even before the hotel staff could come out and save him. They whisked him away towards North Bengal.Singh's body with head and arms severed was found abandoned on the rail track, Kishanganj RPF inspector R K Singh said. The assailants appeared to have shot him dead and then thrown his body on the rail track obviously to obliterate the evidences, police sources said. Alwabari (West bengal) GRP and Goalpokher police ( North Dinajpur) are now probing the incident.The needle of suspicion has riveted to slain hotelier's business rival and his associates on the basis of the statements of the hotel staff. There were, at least, four persons when Singh was forcibly lifted and taken away, Kishanganj police said.The brutal killing is said to be the fallout of 'entry fee' collection, which has tainted the transport department here.There was a long feud between two groups of roadside hoteliers or dhaba owners and transporters over collection of illegal entry fee, according to highly placed sources in the district.The truckers and others are allegedly forced to shell out hefty sums called 'entry fee' for passing through the 4km-long corridor of National Highway-31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14418889", "title": "Two arrested for killing teenager", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested a 22-year-old centering worker and his relative in connection with the murder of a 16-year-old girl at Dornala.The victim, Yadamma, 16, of Madannapet, was said to be forcing her relative Anjaneyulu, with whom she had a relationship, to marry her. On June 23, Yadamma left her house saying that she was going to her native place in Madugula mandal of Mahbubnagar district. While leaving, she stole Rs 30,000 from the house. Both the girl and her boyfriend boarded a bus at Yadagiri cinema hall and got down at Kartal, where Anjaneyulu's relative, Suresh, was waiting on a bike.The trio then continued their journey towards Srisailam. Anjaneyulu told Yadamma that he would marry her at Srisailam and she believed him. En route, the accused stopped the bike at Dornala and dragged Yadamma into bushes. They killed her by throwing a boulder on her head and escaped with the cash.Finding Yadamma missing, her family members lodged a complaint with the Madannapet police. Meanwhile, locals alerted Dornala police about the body of Yadamma on Sunday. City police were informed about the body on Monday night and a team of officers along with the family members visited the local hospital and identified the body. After the post-mortem, the body was handed over to the parents on Tuesday and the suspects were taken into custody by the police from their native place in Mahbubnagar. \"Yadamma was forcing Anjaneyulu to marry her and to avoid this, he murdered her,\" a Madannapet police official said.In a similar case, KPHB police nabbed two persons who allegedly murdered a 14-year-old student, Vihari, at Pragati Nagar Colony on June 9. After killing the girl, the accused dumped her body in Pragati Nagar lake. The body was found by locals on June 19 and a murder case was booked. The suspects are being grilled by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425762", "title": "11 offical panel members win AMMA elections", "text": "In the election of AMMA, association of Malayalam film stars, all the 11 members from the official panel have won. The election was needed because actor Ravindhran has competed for the election from outside the panel.Nedumudi Venu, Lal,Devan,Suraj Venjaramoodu,Lalu Alex, Indrajith, Jayasurya, Sadhique, Kavya Madhavan, Lena, Kukku Parameshwaran are the elected members.Innocent and Mohanlal were already elected as President and General Secretary . Edavela Babu is the secretary. K. B.Ganesh Kumar and Dileep are the Vice Presidents. Kunchako Boban is the treasurer.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427487", "title": "My role in Madhubala not easy: Manish Naggdev", "text": "Manish Naggdev who plays Mukund Dixit in Nautanki Films Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon on Colors TV, finds it difficult to play his character.Currently on the show, Mukund is in hospital when a car runs him over and Madhubala (Drashti Dhami) is tending to him. A likeable character on the show, Manish feels playing this goody role is very unlike him. \"People see me as a good character because that's what I've always played. But there is so much negativity inside me that's just bottled up. I'm not that cute, innocent boy next door. I'm a Mumbai guy who is tough and upfront. Therefore, it's very difficult to play Mukund Dixit\". Further adding, \"I'd love to play negative characters\".But Manish is very grateful for this role because he feels Madhubala is a grand show on television and the chance to play Mukund has been a highlight for the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14424591", "title": "Adolescent girls in rural areas miss out on education: Survey", "text": "JAIPUR: Most of the girls in the rural areas, especially in the case of adolescent girls, are deprived of above primary level education even though the state government has been putting maximum efforts in girls' education.\"Girls generally go to schools but only till primary level and most dropout cases are reported after primary level due to poor outreach of schools. Parents are reluctant in the villages to send their daughters to school located in outskirts or other villages to study. They don't want their daughters to cover long distances for school,\" Rajkiya Madhyamik Shiksha Vidhyalaya of Suranda village in Bikaner district principal Chuttan Lal Meena told officials of Ajit Foundation (a non-profit voluntary organization) who conducted a survey on adolescent girls in Bikaner recently.Meena said majority of the girls are not going to schools above primary level there are not sufficient numbers of schools because in his village.Sarpanch of Momasar also accepted that the number of school going girls is quite less; the reason could be low socio-economic status in the village. Only 40% of adolescent girls go to school. The schools are situated on the outskirts of the villages so conveyance becomes a big problem and due to such reasons they prefer to remain at home in spite of going to schools.Also, during the survey, gender bias was observed in every aspect including education, food and other issues. The sarpanch said gender discrimination exists because of illiteracy and ignorance, the Ajit Foundation claimed.The survey also revealed that comparatively high proportion of girls, who never attended school or dropped out, belonged to 16-18 years age group, which indicates early child marriage and gender bias is a common practice in the villages in Bikaner.The survey showed that 14.35% of the respondents were found illiterate, while 0.9% of them completed graduation. The girls who completed senior secondary schools were 3.34%. The girls, who were covered under the survey, belonged to 10-18 year category.The other finding of the survey was that more than 3/4 th of the adolescent girls (83.4%) were found anaemic. Among them 2.98% severe, 22.2% moderate and 58.21 were moderate anaemic cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419551", "title": "German technology proposed for city's roads", "text": "NASHIK: Dr Malek de Jaroueh, a German professionalal who has been working in Malaysia for the last few years, in a presentation made to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), proposed the use of a German technology for road construction.During his presentation, Jaroureh assured that the technology would strenghten the city's roads enabling it to withstand the pressure of increasing vehicular traffic. give more strength to the roads for coping up with increasing vehicular traffic. On Tuesday, Jaroueh, who is of German origin but working in Malaysia, gave a presentation to the mayor, the municipal commissioner, other officials and corporators on this technology.The technology proposes the use of According to the German technology for road construction, Novocrete (a binding agent) along with soil, for soil solidification. is done through Novocrete (a binding agent) and soil.\"This provides strength for vehicular traffic,\" said Dr Malek de Jaroueh, who has been using the technology in Malaysia for constructing roads since the past few years through his company OPiS AG.He added that the treatment had been used with success in Canada and Americaadding that it had also been approved in Russia. He said that Canada has used his technology for demonstration and experimentation very successfully. He also said that Russia had approved of this technology and that America used this technology.The NMC has asked him to construct a one km road for demonstration purpose on his own expense. He has also been asked to compare the cost of this technology with that of asphalted roads and concrete roads. He has agreed to do the needful at the earliest.But NMC's engineers are wereof NMC are unsure of the technology's success in Nashik due to the city's climate. A similar technology had been used in the past for a small patch of road, but was not very successful.was used in the past for a small patch of road in the city which has not been very successful.\"In 2005-06, we had constructed a similar patch of less than 500 m road from Gadve petrol pump to Trimurti Chowkwhich was known as American Method Type Road. Within two years there were cracks on the road and this forced us to go back to traditional asphalting. India has a tropical climate as opposed to Western countries. Such technology may not be useful here,\" executive engineer, Public Works Department, P B Chavan.The engineers however agree that unless they see the demonstration and how it works it would be too early to comment on its viability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "14419215", "title": "Corlim boy killed in St Cruz mishap", "text": "OLD GOA: A youth from Corlim, who was to celebrate his 21th birthday later this week, lost his life in a road accident in St Cruz in the wee hours of Tuesday.Edigo Pires, 20, died on the spot after his motorcycle skidded off the road and hit a footpath near the football ground in St Cruz at around 2.35am, police said. The impact threw him off the road and he remained there for a while.On being informed, the police control room passed on the message to Old Goa cops who rushed to the spot. Pires was taken to hospital but was declared dead on admission. Edigo was the only son of the Pires family. He had lost his father earlier this year. He was working for a private firm in Panaji, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14418993", "title": "Met department predicts heavy rainfall", "text": "HYDERABAD: There may have been a week-long lull after the first monsoon showers, but the south west monsoon is apparently at its best so far this year for Hyderabad, say Met officials. This is also turning out to be a good monsoon for Telangana region in general, which has recorded 15% excess rainfall this year.With last night's heavy rain measuring 31.3 mm, Hyderabad has received seasonal rainfall of a considerable 124 mm. The normal rainfall for this time of the year is 84.4 mm. With about 40 mm excess rainfall, Met officials said that the city is likely to get normal or even excess rainfall this monsoon unlike last year when it recorded a deficit of 15%.Officials said that till June 20, when the department issued its latest weekly report, Hyderabad district had received 66% excess rainfall. \"The rainfall on Monday night was triggered by the north south trough created over Chhattisgarh extending up to south peninsular across Telangana and south Coastal AP,\" said Sudhakar Rao, director, Met department, Hyderabad.The rainfall statistics up to June 20 indicate that monsoon this year has been normal over Telangana. The region has recorded 87.8 mm rainfall which is in excess by 15% given that its normal rainfall is 76.3 mm. However, Coastal AP recorded 50.1 mm so far this year as against the normal figure of 61.9 mm while Rayalaseema, with 19.3 mm, received scanty rainfall as against normal rainfall of 48.4 mm. But last week (June 12-20) has been lucky for Andhra Pradesh as the state recorded 47.4 mm rainfall as against the weekly normal of 28.7 mm, which is 65% in excess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418822", "title": "No immediate water cuts, rains to decide city's fate", "text": "MUMBAI: It is official: No water cut for the time being.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has adopted the wait-and-watch policy as far as water cuts are concerned. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"Only if there is no rainfall in the next 15 to 20 days will we be forced to impose water cuts. However, there are no immediate water cuts.\"Civic officials, however, say that if the situation does not improve in the next 15-20 days, then water cuts would be inevitable.Discussions are on of water cuts in the city.BMC chief Sitaram Kunte said, \"A proposal for water cuts has been sent by the hydraulics engineer and discussions are on, but no official water cut has been announced.\"A senior official in the hydraulics department told TOI, \"It all depends on the rain. If there is good rainfall tomorrow, then there will be no water cuts.The proposal is only a precautionary measure if there is no rain in the next 15 days.\"In comparison to last year there was no significant difference in the levels of the lakes, for instance on June 26, 2011 the water level in Upper Vaitarna the largest lake was 595.80 meters as opposed to 594.64 meters this year. Similarly the three other major lakes -- Modak Sagar, Tansa, Tulsi have about the same level of water as in 2011.BMC officials claim there is no immediate cause for concern. Yet, mayor Sunil Prabhu and civic standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale have advised citizens to save water. as there might be a chance of a water cut. \"Because of the delay in the monsoon there is a possibility of a water cuts thus I would appeal to all residents to conserve water,\" said Shewale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419038", "title": "No remorse, Abu Jundal ready for more hits, sources say", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the 26/11 attacks concluded on November 29, 2008 following an NSG operation, there was an atmosphere of celebration and the Lashkar brass was exchanging hugs in the control room in Karachi though there was a little disappointment that Ajmal Kasab had been caught, LeT operative Abu Jundal has told interrogators.The control room in Karachi, which had several satellite phones, mobile phones and TV sets, had turned into a celebration room, he said.\"Jundal said the common words after the attack came to an end were 'Mubarak ho! Hamne teen din tak Hindustan ki security forces ke saath ladai ki, jo wo hamesha yaad karenge (we fought with Indian security forces for three days, which they are not going to forget)'. Since the operation had stretched for three days and Kasab had been caught, they were asked by Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi to return to their hideouts,\" a top source said.Meanwhile, National Investigation Agency officials questioned him on Tuesday at the Delhi Police special cell office for several hours.Sources said Jundal, who turned into a hardcore jihadi after the Gujarat riots, had no 'remorse' about killing 166 Mumbaikars. \"He feels very proud about it and says that he would do it again if he got a chance. He is a well motivated member of Lashkar-e-Taiba who reached the top ranks of the organization in the last six-seven years,\" an officer said.Delhi Police sources said Jundal's interrogation may lead to revelations about the hideouts of various Lashkar members and their leaders after 26/11. Jundal has reportedly given details about training camps run by Lashkar operatives in Muridke, Mansera, Azizabad, Muzzafarabad and Paanch Teeni areas of Pakistan.The investigators are now trying to know more about Muzammil, the operational commander of Lashkar, and LeT chief Hafiz Saeed. \"He has claimed that Saeed used to visit Karachi and he has met him several times. We are questioning him on the funding part and about hideouts of leaders of Lashkar and Indian Mujahideen in India,\" said a source.Jundal is also aware of attacks carried out by Indian Mujahideen chief Ahmad Zarar Siddi Bappa alias Shahrukh recently in India but he has claimed that he never met him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422274", "title": "IT raids on businessmen; probe yet to gain pace", "text": "BHOPAL: The Income Tax investigations into the seizures made during searches against the two businessmen having close connections with the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders is yet to gain momentum after the top I-T officials were reportedly summoned to New Delhi. The bank lockers of Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma are yet to be opened.\"We plan to open the 23 bank lockers of Suryavanshi, Sharma and their associates on Wednesday\", a top IT official told TOI.Taxmen were prepared to open the lockers on Monday but the top I-T officials of MP and Chhattisgarh were called to Delhi on Monday, sources said. Though IT investigation (MP &amp; Chhattisgarh) director general Suresh Kumar and director B D Vishnoi have returned, the exercise to scrutinize the lockers was not taken up on Tuesday.The three-day IT raids on the two businessmen, known for their close links with ruling BJP , and their associates last week had taken place when chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan was on a foreign tour to woo investors to the state. The IT department had initiated search operation at 60 places across the country using 700 men and more than 100 vehicles. \"I cannot comment anything about the pace of the probe\", an official privy to investigation said.Meanwhile, the raids on the two businessmen is gradually snowballing into a political row with opposition Congress going whole hog against Chouhan alleging that he was too close to the two. Congress has even given advertisements in newspapers seeking reply from Chouhan over the huge wealth uncovered from contractor turned billionaire Suryavanshi and teacher-turned mining magnet Sharma.Suryavanshi and Sharma have thrived in a short span of eight years, after bagging contracts from the state government departments, allegedly with the help of their connections with the people in power.Suryavanshi's flagship company Dilip Buildcon and Sharma's SR group's sudden growth has been much-debated subject in the state capital for last couple of years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "14422697", "title": "Kawalpreet\u2019s 8-medal haul gets city championship", "text": "DUGRI: An array of eight medals at the 37th junior Punjab state swimming championship, which concluded on June 24 at Patiala, are what Kawalpreet Kaur of Dugri achieved to prove her mettle in the water sport. Five of her eight medals came from individual events while the rest were team achievements.This 16-year-old swimmer not only spends hours in the pool but even watches swimmers in action on VCDs to learn their skills to cut the water faster. Kawalpreet won gold medals in 1,500m and 200m butterfly, 400m free style and 200m individual medley. In the team events, her team won a silver medal in 4X200 free style and two bronze medals in 4X100 free style and 4X100 m medley relay. Kawalpreet's effort went a long way in ensuring the Ludhiana women's team clinched overall championship trophy at the state meet.An intermediate student in GNP School, Sarabha Nagar, Kawalpreet says, \"Michael Phelps has been an inspiration to me since I started practicing swimming five years ago at the MC pool in Rakh.\" \"I have learned a lot from watching videos of best swimmers in the world,\" she adds. The other Ludhianvi girls in the women's junior team included Shubkarman, Ishpreet and Anmolpreet. Kawalpreet's coach Amandeep Kaur says the gritty swimmer would surely represent participate in international meets soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422445", "title": "15 years on, varsity finds 2 got job on fake certificates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They worked for over 15 years at Panjab University (PU), resided in official accommodation on the campus, remained active in campus politics and also served at various capacities in employees' union, but authorities were taken aback on Tuesday on finding that they had secured jobs on the basis of forged documents.The accused identified as Ved Vart Sharma and his brother Sunil Kumar Sharma, both of them were serving as permanent drivers in PU. Though police have managed to arrest Ved, Sunil is still at large. This startling fact came to light due to rivalry among two groups of employees.\"Sunil was the president of some union of PU employees, but the presiding group was changed in last elections. Members of the rival group sought information about the educational certificates of Ved and Sunil, on whose basis they had got jobs in PU. Later, they expressed apprehensions that their certificates were fake and PU registrar told me to conduct an inquiry,\" P K Dhawan, chief security officer of PU, told TOI.\"During the probe, I found that both of them had submitted fake certificates and now I have submitted my probe report to Chandigarh police. They had submitted certificates that were issued by some school in Sector 36, but that school did not exist,\" he added.After booking Ved under various sections of the IPC, police are interrogating him to ascertain the source of fake certificates.\"We have taken police remand of Ved and his questioning is on. We are trying to know the source of fake documents. There is a possibility that some other PU staff members, who are close to accused, might have used fake documents. Sunil Kumar is absconding,\" said Gurmukh Singh, SHO sector 11 police station, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425825", "title": "Hollywood screenwriter Nora Ephron dies at 71", "text": "Oscar-nominated Hollywood screenwriter and director Nora Ephron , who penned such romantic films as 'When Harry Met Sally' and 'Sleepless in Seattle', died on Tuesday in New York. She was 71.Alfred P Knopf, Ephron's publisher, confirmed her death on Tuesday night in a statement.She died in Manhattan of complications from the blood disorder myelodysplasia, with which she was diagnosed six years ago.According to The New York Times her son Jacob Bernstein said that she died from pneumonia brought on by acute myeloid leukaemia.The writer grew up in California, and started her career reporting for the New York Post.\"She brought an awful lot of people a tremendous amount of joy,\" the BBC quoted her publisher as saying in a statement.\"She will be sorely missed,\" the statement read.Her 15 film credits also include movies like 'You've Got Mail', 'Silkwood' and 'Julie and Julia', which was her final film, in 2009.She was nominated for an Oscar three times, but never won the award.Ephron was born on 19 May 1941 in New York, to a Broadway playwright and a Hollywood screenwriter.She took her mother's advice - \"take notes, everything is copy\" - very seriously and turned wry personal observations on relationships into hugely successful romantic comedies.Ephron wrote essays for major US magazines from the late 1960s, as well as several non-fiction books, including two recent memoirs.She was married three times, once to Carl Bernstein , the Washington Post reporter who helped uncover the 'Watergate' scandal.Their marriage ended publicly when he began an affair with the wife of the then-British ambassador, Margaret Jay, who was also the daughter of former British Prime Minister James Callaghan.Ephron's divorce from Bernstein resulted in the novel, 'Heartburn', which she converted into a movie starring Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson.Her first marriage to writer Dan Greenburg ended in 1976.Ephron's third marriage to Nicholas Pileggi , who wrote the screenplays for the Martin Scorsese films 'Goodfellas' and 'Casino', lasted for more than 20 years.Rumours of her death started circulating on Tuesday evening after her friend, celebrity columnist Liz Smith , published an online memorial.Smith said the writer's son had informed her that a funeral had been scheduled for his mother.Ephron is survived by her husband and two sons. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14424776", "title": "Change in decision could be under pressure: Sarabjit's lawyer", "text": "AMRITSAR: Disappointed over the U-turn on the fate of his client Sarabjit Singh, advocate Awais Sheikh said that Pakistan government had committed a blunder which could affect Indo-Pak relations.While talking to TOI on Wednesday, Sheikh said, \"Pakistan government has not given a good message to the international community and have rather disappointed everyone\".He said that he believed that the Pakistan government had changed its decision under pressure from fundamental groups who were inimical to Indo-Pak peace.He said there couldn't be any kind of mistake since the cases of Sarabjit Singh and Sujreet Singh were entirely different. \"One case is of capital punishment and another is of life imprisonment so how can there be any confusion\" questioned Sheikh.Expressing sympathy towards the family of Sarabjit Singh , Sheikh said he would continue to put efforts for the release of Sarabjit Singh. \"I am still hopeful that Pakistan government could announce Sarabjit's release on August 14, Pak's independence day as a goodwill gesture\" he said.Surjeet Singh's death sentence was commuted in 1989 by the then president Ghulam Ishaq Khan whereas Sarabjit's mercy petition was pending with President Asif Ali Zardari \"Whatever happened in shameful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14422097", "title": "Pune: Validation of marks a hassle for CBSE students", "text": "PUNE: Several students who have passed their Std X examination from the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) are facing problems with the submission of their Std XI admission forms due to the absence of an authorised centre in the city for validating the percentage of marks calculated from their cumulative grade points average (CGPA).The problem is more pronounced in the case of students from outside Maharashtra who have come to the city to apply for seats in Std XI under the ongoing centralised admission process (CAP). Wednesday is the last date for submission of admission forms.For these students, it's a race against time to get the all-important validation since the CBSE has set up only four guidance centres, all in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, to help them with the certification of marks. Travelling all the way to these centres \u2014 R N Podar school, Santacruz (West), Apeejay school, Nerul in Navi Mumbai, DAV public school, Airoli, Navi Mumbai and DAV public school, Nerul, Navi Mumbai \u2014 and returning to Pune to submit the forms in time is indeed a bit of a bother.The four guidance centres too have not proved to be of much help to some of the students. \"I visited the R N Podar school at Santacruz on June 21 but the authorities there insisted that they will mail my grade sheet to the CBSE in New Delhi. Nothing has happened thereafter,\" said Mohammed Umer Bhati, who passed his Std X from the CBSE-affiliated Indian School Al Seeb in Muscat.\"My CGPA is 9.4 and my overall percentage works out to 89.3 but the authorities at the Laxmanrao Apte Prashala refused to accept my form,\" Bhati said. Apte Prashala is the only form submission centre in Pune for non-SSC board students. \"The authorities insisted that I furnish the original of my converted mark sheet along with an attested copy of the same,\" he said.Anubha Jaiswal, who approached Fergusson College, had a similar experience to narrate about her cousin, Mragendra Singh, who passed his Std X from the CBSE-affiliated Daly College school in Indore and is seeking admission to Std XI in Pune.\"The authorities at the Fergusson College centre are not accepting his grades sheet. We called the DAV public school at Airoli but the authorities said they won't be able to help unless they get clearcut instructions from CBSE Delhi regarding conversion of grades,\" said Jaiswal. Many students have sent frantic mails to the CBSE but they have received only auto-replies assuring that the board \"will look into the matter\".Under the CBSE's continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) and grading system, a student's performance is assessed using conventional numerical marking mode, which is converted into grades on the basis of a pre-determined marks range.For instance, if the marks are in the range of 91 to 100, the student is awarded A1 grade and 10 grade point. Similarly, an A2 grade and 9 grade point are given for marks in the range of 81 to 90. The last grade is a D for marks between 33 and 40. The 'grade sheet-cum-certificate of performance' issued by the CBSE carries only grades. The Maharashtra government uses only marks to decide admission in Std XI.For conversion of grades into marks, the CBSE has provided a formula under which the CGPA is multiplied by 9.5 to secure the overall percentage of marks. However, the calculation of percentage from the CGPA has to be validated by a CBSE-assigned authority.\"The CBSE provides marksheets of students to its affiliated schools. Based on this, the schools certify their students' marks on the school letterheads and only such validated marksheets are accepted along with the Std XI admission forms,\" said Rekha Palshikar, Std XI CAP committee member and vice-principal of Fergusson College. For students from outside Maharashtra, the guidance centres are located in Mumbai, she said.Officials at the Std XI CAP centres at Fergusson College and Apte Prashala confirmed that they are getting a steady stream of CBSE students expressing their worry over how to get their marks certified with no authorised guidance centre in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419797", "title": "NDA establishment officer sent to CBI custody till June 28", "text": "PUNE: A special court on Tuesday sent National Defence Academy (NDA) establishment officer Suhas Shankar Waghmare to CBI custody till June 28 for his alleged role in the cash-for-job scam.Waghmare is the seventh suspect in the case. He was arrested on Monday. The CBI issued a statement on Tuesday stating that Waghmare had obtained large sums of money from more than 15 candidates. He had passed on a considerable amount to one of the senior officers at the NDA, who is already behind the bars.Earlier, deputy superintendent of police (anti corruption bureau) Rajpal Singh produced Waghmare before special judge D R Mahajan for seeking CBI custody.CBI special public prosecutors Vivek Saxena and Ayub Pathan told the court that the custodial interrogation of Waghmare was essential to determine his role in the alleged misappropriation and to recover the bribe money he had received from the candidates.The prosecutors said that time is required to examine the role of senior NDA officials in the conspiracy to finalise recruitment and acepting bribes from candidates.They submitted that Waghmare was one of the main persons in the establishment section of NDA and investigations will remain incomplete if his role was not established.The prosecution pleaded to give sufficient time to CBI to ascertain the modus operandi of NDA officials and their associates in the alleged scam.Opposing the prosecution's plea, Waghmare's counsel Suchit Mundada argued that his client was not responsible for committing an offence of cheating and forgery as the NDA has not received a complaint against him from the candidates.He refuted allegations that Waghmare was a part of the conspiracy with other suspects and denied his direct and indirect involvement in the crime.Judge Mahajan remanded Waghmare to CBI custody for two days.The CBI had earlier arrested six people including Colonel Kulbir Singh, staff officer to NDA commandant. The suspects are in CBI custody till July 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421393", "title": "Inkel demand for prime land irks revenue department", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Infrastructure Kerala Limited (Inkel) proposal seeking transfer of prime land at key locations in the state for developing commercial zones has left the revenue department frowning.Revenue officials say Inkel's demand if accepted will be a blatant violation of government lease rules. Inkel in its proposal, accessed by TOI, has demanded three prime plots in state capital, one in Aluva and one each in Kozhikode and Malappuram. It also wants the government to give it on lease for 99 years, with rights to sub-lease and mortgage.In the capital, INKEL wants 29 cents of land at Van Ross junction which currently houses the Kerala Olympic Association, 1.26 acres of land under the possession of the Kerala State Industrial Enterprises (KSIE) lying unused at Thampanoor and 4.65 acres at Palayam which houses the Connemara market.In Aluva, it has sought possession of 7.62 acres of land now leased out to the Forest Industries Ltd. Inkel also wants 85 acres at Ramanattukara in Kozhikode and 250 acres at Panakkad in Malappuram.But revenue officials say that all these demands are in gross violation of the existing Land Assignment Rules 1964 and Assignment of Land Within Municipal and Corporation Areas Rules, 1995.\"Inkel is a private firm with only 26% government's stake. Even if it has to be transferred to the agency, it can only be based on existing rules followed by the government to lease out land to any private player,\" sources said. Meanwhile, Inkel managing director T Balakrishnan said that the government has already assured that the rules will be amended. \"This is not in conformity with the industrial development in the state. This government has already agreed to amend those rules,\" he said. He said the previous government had amended land lease rules based on the advice of a few officials without consulting the industries department.But revenue minister Adoor Prakash was quick to refute Balakrishnan's claims. He said the government has not made any such commitments. \"We have not till date thought about changing any such rules. The government will not at any cost go out of the way to award land to Inkel. In case any land is leased, it will only be done under the existing rules and in case any violation is found, it will be taken back,\" Adoor Prakash told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426692", "title": "Ayushmann-Kunal Roy Kapoor in Rohan Sippy\u2019s romcom", "text": "Best friends for life Abhishek Bachchan and Rohan Sippy have decided to take a break from one another. After starring in all the three films that Rohan Sippy has directed(Kuch Na Kaho, Bluffmaster and Dum Maro Dum) Abhishek Bachchan has decided to take a break from Sippy.The actor currently exploring an area beyond his comfort zone working with directors who aren't necessarily personal friends (e.g Rohit Shetty ) has opted out of Rohan Sippy's next to make way for Ayushmann Khurrana and Kunal Roy Kapoor who will do what appears to be a buddy-buddy film on the lines of Bluffmaster .Says a source close to the project, \"Rohan can't dream of directing without Abhishek. He wrote his new film with Abhishek in mind to play one of the leads . He wanted to revive the Bluffmaster duo of Abhishek and Riteish Deshmukh . But after Dum Maro Dum Abhishek has done some serious re-thinking. He is not doing the next films of either of his childhood friends Rohan Sippy or Goldie Behl.\"The new Rohan Sippy film stars the Vicky Donor actor Ayushmann Khurrana with the Delhi Belly actor Kunal Roy Kapoor. Kunal Roy Kapoor had directed the political satire Shall We Tell The President for producer Rohan Sippy 5 years ago.Confirming the casting Kunal Roy Kapoor said, \"It's a rom-com. I can't say much more. I am really looking forward to working with Rohan and Ayushmann.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14422554", "title": "Programme on drug abuse held", "text": "KOCHI: The international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking was observed in the city with an awareness programme organized by the state excise department and the state youth welfare board on Tuesday.Professor M K Sanu delivered the keynote address at the event held at St. Albert's Higher Secondary School, saying that the use of drugs ruin the creativity of human mind. District youth programme officer Sreekala P R, administered the anti-drug oath to students. School principal Monica Sabeena K L, said that it is the second time the school is conducting an awareness programme on drugs. \"Nowadays even high school students get easily addicted to tobacco products and alcohol. Our aim is to save students from this,\" she said.A session on drug abuse by Jijo Mathew, psychologist and executive director of Green Life Foundation, and a poster competition was held to highlight the importance of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14419263", "title": "Man assaulted in his Navelim office, cops arrest three", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Tuesday arrested three persons in connection with the assault of a businessman inside his office premises at Shirvodem, Navelim, late on Monday.Police sources informed TOI that Shyam Kumar Jamuni lodged a complaint stating that a group of persons barged into his office at around 11pm and assaulted him with stout sticks. Three of his employees, who were present in office at the time, were also assaulted by the assailants, police said.The complaint said that after beating him, the accused also damaged the office and fled with 2 lakh and four mobiles from the premises. Jamuni has been admitted to Hospicio hospital, Margao, where he is undergoing treatment. The Navelim businessman also owns two shops in Margao, police sources said.Acting on his complaint, the Margao police arrested three persons-Nagesh alias Nagia Madval, Parshuram alias Subhash Kammar and Vinod Jamuni, all of whom reside in the area near Cine Lata in Margao.The police suspect it to be a case of previous enmity and are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421783", "title": "Newspaper staff's organs donated", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old layout artist with a Tamil weekly died of his injuries at a private hospital in city on Tuesday after a motorbike on which he was riding pillion was hit by a share autorickshaw at Neelankarai on Sunday.Police said D Madan Kumar's cousin brother was riding the bike when the accident occurred. \"Madan Kumar's cousin tried to overtake the share auto when the three-wheeler knocked them down,\" a traffic police officer said.Madan Kumar was rushed to the hospital but was declared brain-dead. His relatives consented to donate his organs on Tuesday. Surgeons harvested his lungs, liver, kidneys and heart valves. While the lungs, a kidney and the liver were transplanted to three patients at Global Hospitals, the other kidney was given to Kaliappa Hospital and the eyes to Government Ophthalmic Hospital in Egmore. The heart valves have been given to Madras Medical Mission.Guindy police are investigating the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418320", "title": "BEST to cut power in buildings at fire risk", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (BEST) Undertaking has decided to check electricity distribution pillars (EDPs) and buildings' meter junction rooms in the B and C wards in south Mumbai. If BEST finds a building at high risk, it will cut off its power supply. The decision follows Thursday's Mantralaya blaze.Comprising Mandvi, Umerkhadi, Dongri, Bhuleshwar, Crawford Market and Dhobi Talao, these wards have the maximum short-circuit-caused fires in the city. TOI on Tuesday reported that an RTI query had revealed that areas around Memonwada fire station, which is close to Bhendi Bazaar, are the most vulnerable to fires.Following a demand by committee member Yakub Memon, the BEST administration ordered an inspection of all electrical units in and around buildings barring internal wiring. \"For checking the internal wiring of certain buildings, we will write to the public works department, mentioning the apprehensions raised by our committee member. It is not the job of BEST to inspect wiring in buildings,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta.He said special squads will inspect the EDPs and check if they are above the flood line. \"If this is not the case, we will raise the height of the pillars and ensure that there is no waterlogging around them,\" Gupta said at the meeting.He later told mediapersons that BEST staffers will also inspect meter junction rooms at every building and if \"any risk factor\" was found, BEST would put the respective building off power supply. A source said that after B and C, BEST will conduct checks in other wards as well.The undertaking is serious about fire safety measures. On Tuesday, it cleared proposals for installation, commissioning, testing and annual maintenance of automated fire-fighting systems at sub-stations and power transformers. \"In the future, we plan to switch over to dry-core transformers, whose core and coils are not immersed in insulating oil, thereby minimizing the risk of fire,\" Gupta said.Regarding the Mantralaya fire, he said the building's power supply was stopped within five to seven minutes of the blaze erupting. \"We restored power only on Friday night. By Monday morning, we had provided power to the lower floors of the building.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422230", "title": "Luxury car rams into auto", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A luxury car being driven by a teenager rammed into a loading autorickshaw on Commerce Six Roads on Tuesday morning. The auto driver sustained minor injuries and was taken to a private hospital in Navrangpura. No police complaint has been filed in the case.According to Navrangpura police officials, a 19-year-old student of HL College of Commerce, driving a BMW X1, was passing through the crossroads. At that time, an auto came from the diagonal direction. The teen could not avert the collision and the car rammed into the rear of the auto.\"The auto driver tried to look back to see what was happening,\" said a Navrangpura police official. \"In the process, he fell off the auto. The auto crashed into the boundary of MG Science College. Meanwhile, the car got onto a divider. Some shopkeepers from the area and policemen from a nearby police chowky got the youth and the teen to the chowky.\" Investigators said that the families of the car and auto drivers came to a truce and refrained from filing a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422324", "title": "Check-in application: Maximum likes for TI, Radisson", "text": "INDORE: Treasure Island and Radisson (hotel) are the favourite check-in places for the city-based Face-bookers. Vijay Nagar, PVR Cinemas and Sayaji Hotel are among the other prime spots being thronged by netizens these days. Surprisingly, not many people 'check in' at popular Chhappan and Sarafa, where city residents can be easily seen hanging out in large numbers.The recent feature on FB titles 'places' enables the users to share exact locations on their wall and tag their friends too, and let the others know about their whereabouts.'Checking in' has become one of the favourite activities among the FB users. Whether it's about watching movie and having dinners at some restaurants, or just be it hanging out with friends at malls; netizens do not mind updating their location.Treasure Island, the first mall of the city, tops the charts with the maximum number of people visiting and posting comment on it through FB. Now, the city is crowded with many malls but TI still remains the most favourite hangout place for Indoreans. The Radisson being the second favourite for 'check-in' is an ideal place for the business class people to relax with their family and friends. Radisson has been a pride for the city as it hosts various celebrities and public figures.The feature is used by the Facebookers to let their friends know their whereabouts.\"I love sharing my locations with friends. Every time, I go out with my friends, I make sure that I check-into the location,\" says Nikita Rohada, an engineering student.\"I love making my friends jealous, that's why I tag myself and check-in on FB especially when I am at the KFC,\" chuckles Shefali Shrivastava.\"The check-in helps you meet people if you are visiting a new city. It is fun to use this feature and I am glad that FB has it,\" says Mudit Rajawat.\"I love showing off. So I check-in whenever I am at some posh hotel or attending any high profile event,\" says Palak Sethi, a medical student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14427165", "title": "British Council invites proposals for grants", "text": "NEW DELHI: The British Council is inviting proposals for grants under the UK-India Education and Research Initiative (UKIERI). Ten grants of up to 50,000 pounds each are being made available as part of the Trilateral Research in Partnership Awards, which aims to support the mobility of PhD and postdoctoral students between the UK, India and the US. Funds are available to support projects of up to two years that encourage multidisciplinary research projects and sustainable institutional links between the nations. Each proposal must be supported by a UK, US and an Indian institution and endorsed by the respective heads of department or their equivalent. All proposals will need to include details of additional contributions to be made by the three institutions involved.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "sangareddy/warangal", "code": "14419923", "title": "Protests against new excise policy in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "SANGAREDDY/WARANGAL: The protest against the new excise policy turned ugly on Tuesday in Sangareddy town in Medak district when three women protestors fainted amidst jostling and pushing between the cops and agitators. Police officials, however, denied any manhandling of the women during the agitation.The situation was brought under control after nearly an hour of commotion. The CPI, which led the protestors, called for a bandh on Wednesday in protest against police action.As part of statewide protests against the allotment of liquor shops through the lottery system, more than 60 activists were staging a dharna in front of the excise office at Sangareddy where the draw of lots was being held.When the protestors tried to barge into the office, cops prevented them and bundled them into a van.When they were being taken away, women activists pelted stones at the vehicles. There were about 40 of them, who also tried to gatecrash into the excise office. Police resorted to lathicharge on them. \"There were no women cops to control the women activists. In the jostling three women fainted,\" said Pavan a CPI district leader. Pochamma (35), Manemma (52) and Lakshmi (43) were admitted to the government hospital.However, senior police officials denied acting rudely with the women protestors.\"We did not have women police at the spot. We had to shift the women protestors to allow the process of draw of lots. We did not target the women,\" CI Harichandra Reddy said.Meanwhile, women workers of various political parties organized protest rallies against the draw of lots in Warangal.Police made elaborate arrangements in Hanamkonda where the draw of lots was conducted. All the protesters who were taken into custody by police were freed late in the night.District collector B Rahul started the draw for 226 shops across Warangal district.Around Rs 7.50 crore income was generated from the sale of applications.CPI, CPM, Lok Satta Party and TDP workers demanded that the state government run the liquor business, as the current system of holding lottery to allot shops results in benami transactions by traders.Highlighting the negative fallout of liquor consumption and its business, the parties demanded that the liquor trade should not be a major source of income for the government.The leaders of the opposition parties, who held protests near the venues where the lottery was being drawn to select the liquor shops, were taken into custody in Hyderabad and elsewhere in the state.CPI state Secretary K Narayana and party activists were rounded up by the police when they held a demonstration in Ongole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14422271", "title": "Govt plot \u2018sold\u2019 to firm with fake papers", "text": "MUMBAI: Juhu police have registered a cheating offence to the tune of Rs 135 crore against three Bangalore-based businessmen . The accused allegedly duped a Vile Parle-based firm and sold them a reserved government plot with the help of forged documents .Thecomplainant ,PuneetBhagia , 32 ,work as a manager in a real estate company at Vile Parle (W). Bhagia had planned to buy land near Bangalore on behalf of his firm . He entered into an agreement with the three accused\u2014Mohammad Aslam , A N Sriniwas and K Munniraj.Accordingly, Bhagia paid money to the accused in installments after they provided documents of the plot , which later turned out to be forged . The plot's title was transferred in the name of the company Bhagia was representing .The victim recently learnt that the land was a government reserved plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14421003", "title": "SAIL staffers asked to increase production", "text": "RANCHI: Chairman-cum-managing director of the NTPC Arup Roy Chaudhary exhorted to the employees of the SAIL to augment steel production in proportion to the employee strength.\"The total employee strength of Tata Steel is five times less than that of the SAIL but production of the two companies is almost the same. It is a challenge that employees of the SAIL to accept and at least increase their production which matches their strength,\" Chaudhary said while addressing the employees of Management Training Institute (MTI) of the SAIL on its golden jubilee foundation day here on Tuesday.MTI, the apex training institute of the SAIL, was established in 1962 on the recommendation of a high-power team comprising experts from the US.Chaudhary lauded the efforts of MTI in development of managers. He shared his interpretation on leadership and exhorted to the audience to lend their interpretation for exploring and unravelling the issues involved on the same.MTI executive director Manas R Panda gave the brief account of the achievements of the institute during its past 50 years. He emphasized that such celebration of foundation day gives opportunity not only to recapitulate the achievement of past but also provides a powerful means to build confidence to take up tougher challenges in future.Panda also read the message of SAIL chairman C S Verma on the occasion in which he had commended MTI for playing a pivotal role in the dissemination of knowledge and expertise.Director (personnel) SAIL H S Pati highlighted the important role played by MTI in enhancing the competence of human resource of the public sector steel company. He spoke about significant contributions made by MTI and mentioned about future expectations from MTI.Former heads of MTI S N Das, A K Singh, PD Kapila and PVS Sarma were also felicitated on the occasion for the significant contribution made by them. Chaudhary released the foundation day special issue of Growth, the quarterly management journal of MTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419838", "title": "Pay-and-park likely for 2-wheelers", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Tuesday asked the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to reintroduce the pay-and-park system for two-wheelers and ban marriage processions on the roads. Pawar also asked the commissioner of police not to permit any 'toran' procession during Navaratra festival.Buckling under pressure from civic groups and citizens, the PMC had withdrawn the pay-and-park scheme for two-wheelers in 2010.After a meeting with the municipal commissioner, corporators and the commissioner of police at Council Hall, Pawar told reporters that he has asked the police and the PMC to take stringent steps to improve the traffic situation in the city.\"I have told municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and the elected representatives that the pay-and-park system for two-wheelers should be reintroduced in all parts of the city. This will help ease traffic congestions. As of now, parking charges for two-wheelers are nil or minimal. Unless the parking charges for two-wheelers are hefty, there would be no improvement in traffic conditions,\" Pawar said. He added that the general body of the PMC should approve a proposal to this effect and also decide the charges.\"I have also asked the PMC to approve a proposal for a blanket ban on marriage processions on city roads. Marriage processions add to traffic congestion as majority of marriage halls are in the busy areas of the city,\" Pawar said.The minister added: \"I have told police commissioner Gulabrao Pol that no permission should be granted for 'toran' processions during Navaratra festival as these processions encourage hooliganism and create traffic jams, adding to common citizens' sufferings.\"Pawar said that the state road development corporation has stared work on the outer ring road and the PMC should co-ordinate with the state transport corporation to develop bus stands at Katraj, Baner and Kharadi so that outbound buses do not enter the city.The minister discussed construction of new subways in the city and also asked the civic officials to take immediate decision on operation of CCTV cameras installed to keep watch on traffic rules violators.\"We will convene a review meeting after a month and take stock of the situation,\" Pawar said.The state government will appoint a full-time officer for the PMPML, the minister said. \"There is no point in appointing an officer who is not interested in running the public transport,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422420", "title": "Guide maps for newcomers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the admission season on, Panjab University (PU) has installed guide maps on the campus to facilitate new applicants.Every year, new and outstation students faced a tough time locating different departments in the absence of signboards. The university has about 85 departments and centres.But now, five guide maps have been installed at Student Centre, PU gate number 1, 2 and 3 and at administration block.Akanksha Mahajan, an applicant, said, \"I have applied for MA public administration. As I am new to this place, a guide map on gate number 2 helped me find the department.\"\"Till last year, students found it difficult to locate departments. Now, with signboards, they can easily reach their departments without seeking the help of student leaders or security guards,\" said Palak Sharma, another applicant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427645", "title": "Sivasakthi Pandian as Censor board member", "text": "Producer Sivasakthi Pandian is a producer who has several hit films to his kitty. Some of them includes Kadhal Kottai, Kaalamellam Kadhal Vazhga, Kanethirae Thondrinal, Vetri Kodi Kattu, Kadal Pookal and many other films.It is to be noted that Kadhal Kottai by Agathiyan, Vetri Kodi Kattu by Cheran and Kadal Pookal by Bharathi Raja are National award winning movies. The producer's latest venture Arjunan Kadhali with Jai and Poorna in the lead is awaiting release. With the producer to have garnered attention in the past, the latest news is that Sivasakthi Pandian has been selected as the Censor Board member.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419645", "title": "Vehicle thefts in Nashik drop, claims police", "text": "NASHIK: Even as cries regarding rise in vehicle thefts are getting louder, according to the police the rate of vehicle thefts has come down to some extent as compared to that of last year.In the latest meeting held at the police commissionerate, it was revealed that as on June 21, 2012, as many as 355 vehicles had been reported stolen from city limits. This number is less by five as compared to the figure of vehicle thefts last year during the same period.In 2011, over a thousand vehicles had been stolen in the city. Though there is no significant drop in the number of vehicle thefts, senior police officials said that they have managed to control the crime compared to last year due to constant combing operations, nakabandis and various other drives.Given the number of vehicles stolen until June 21 this year, more than a couple of vehicles are stolen daily from the city.Meanwhile, police officials are still not able to find out where the vehicles are disposed of after the thefts. Officials from the crime branch said that they have traced stolen vehicles to different districts and states.In the past there were also talks that the vehicles stolen were sold off at throwaway prices to the villagers adjoining the city. However, a massive drive to check such vehicles in the rural parts is yet to see the light of day.The police said that the combing operations in the slums have not yielded the expected results where hardly any stolen vehicles were found.Nonetheless, the combing operations have helped in keeping a check on illegal activities in the slum areas and many wanted criminals have been found.Police officials said that they are spreading awareness among the public on securing their vehicle properly to prevent them from theft. At the same time they also expect the public to inform the police immediately if their vehicles are stolen so that such incidents are reported across all police stations and nakabandis can be implemented.However, most of the time the thefts are reported hours after the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14424717", "title": "Pranab Mukerjee, Sangma to file nominations tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Presidential race will kickstart on Thursday when both ruling UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee and opposition BJP-backed candidate P A Sangma file their nominations.Pranab Mukherjee will file papers at 1100 hrs in the presence of the top brass of the UPA including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and alliance chairperson and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.77-year-old Mukherjee is poised to become the next president admidst indications of an overwhelmingly favourable arithmetic and the election managers of UPA are working overtime to secure record votes for him.Barring Trinamool Congress, leaders of all UPA constituents are expected to be present on the occasion including Sharad Pawar(NCP), TR Baalu (DMK), Farooq Abdullah(NC) and E Ahmed (IUML), in a move to project a united face of the ruling alliance.NDA allies JD(U) and Shiv Sena have decided to support Mukherjee.Pranab Mukherjee is expected to file four sets of nomination papers and NDA Convenor and JD(U) president Sharad Yadav is the first signatory to one such set which also has the signature of defence minister A K Antony.As regards Sangma, his office said he will be filing nominations on the same day. He is likely to be accompanied by senior BJP leaders, Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy, senior MPs from AIADMK, BJD and SAD, among others.The 64-year-old tribal Christian leader from Meghalaya, who recently quit NCP to enter the fray, on Tuesday met West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata to solicit TMC support.However, TMC was non-committal on the issue and there are indications that it may abstain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14424805", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to visit maximum number of states to garner votes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seeking to secure a record number of votes in the presidential poll, UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee will visit the maximum number of states particularly those with higher number of votes.Pranab Mukherjee will launch his campaign from Chennai on June 30. The decision was taken at the first meeting of a high level coordination committee constituted by Congress to finalise and fine tune campaign programme and strategy of the UPA nominee.Though SP and BSP have promised support to him, Mukherjee will formally visit the states and meet leaders of all political parties to seek their support.Opposition BJP, which is supporting P A Sangma's candidature, has 40 votes from Uttar Pradesh.Similarly, the Congress breathes easy in Bihar, where all major parties except BJP have decided to vote for Mukherjee.Smaller states from North East will be clubbed together during the campaign with one set of leaders visiting those places.Mukherjee has already visited West Bengal but could go there again any day after June 30 formally to seek support.Union ministers will be visiting the states from where they hail to garner support. During his visit, Pranab Mukherjee will be accompanied by AICC general secretaries in-charge of the state.Mukherjee, who resigned on Tuesday as finance minister, will file his nomination on June 28.Besides Pranab Mukherjee, the Committee has senior ministers and party leaders as members. This could be the last meeting of the committee Mukherjee might attend as the veteran Congressman is expected to resign from his party posts by tomorrow before he files nomination on Thursday.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress President Sonia Gandhi will be among top UPA leaders who will propose his name when he files his papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418397", "title": "Power consumers' body protests against proposed hike in tariff", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad, on Tuesday, petitioned the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) lodging its protest against the proposed rise in power tariff.The parishad, in its memorandum submitted with UPERC chairman Rajesh Awasthi said that had the power corporation resorted to recovery of revenue then there would have been no need to raise the power tariff.President of the parishad, Avdhesh Verma said that the total revenue loss to the UPPCL has been to the tune of Rs 24,000 crore, which if recovered would have been sufficient to bail out the corporation from an ailing revenue situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421576", "title": "Awareness on brain stroke needed", "text": "VARANASI: More than 50 per cent people in the east UP region think that it is foul air that cause brain stroke . Worse still, more than 80 per cent of people believe that smoking or alcohol use have no role in causing stroke or paralysis. These revelations have surfaced in a recent survey conducted by department of neurology, Banaras Hindu University, report of which were released in a programme to create public awareness about stroke and paralysis on Tuesday.Releasing the report in a programme to mark World Paralysis Day (which fell on June 24), Deepika Joshi, head, department of neurology, BHU, said that there is a need to create awareness about these neurological disorders especially in east UP. One must realise that awareness can lead to better preventive practices and swift action which is vital in such conditions. The unnecessary delay turns life-threatening to the patients, she added.The report of the survey which covered 1,000 people from east UP region, including 659 people from Varanasi and 341 people from neighbouring districts, as many as 129 people (12.9 per cent) had no idea about where the stroke/paralysis cases are treated. Five people said that quacks can treat these cases. Similarly, 227 people (22.7 per cent) were not aware about the signs and symptoms of stroke/paralysis.As many as 314 people were patients, who turned up in the OPD of neurology department of BHU while 686 sought took treatment elsewhere. Similarly, 600 people (60 per cent) belonged to rural background while 400 were from urban areas.The list included 827 male respondents and 127 females. Most of the respondents were youngsters, with 404 below 25 years of age while another 491 people were in the age group of 25 to 45 years. Only 105 respondents were above 45 years.According to Dr VN Mishra, associate professor, east UP region also needs a fully equipped stroke unit, as there is no such unit after AIIMS, New Delhi. If such unit is established in the region and stroke patients could be brought within six hours (golden hours), around 30 per cent of ischemic attack (thrombolysis stroke) could be controlled. Developed countries respond to such cases within the first hour (golden hour) and a number of lives are saved. But the key is awareness and it could bring a lot of change in the region, he added.The level of awareness about stroke/paralysis could be also gauged with the fact that while 351 respondents (35.1 per cent) maintained that paralysis/stroke is not caused by hypertension (increase in blood pressure level) or blood sugar level, as many as 63 respondents felt that dispelling foul air through rituals and other measures may control the stroke/paralysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419169", "title": "Bethora restaurant gutted in fire", "text": "PANAJI: A restaurant that was serving breakfast and lunch at Bethora industrial estate in Ponda was gutted in a fire on Tuesday morning. The fire caused a loss of Rs 90,000 to the owner. There was no casualty reported in the incident. The Siddhiraj hotel, opposite the industrial estate gate, was open when the fire erupted. Some people present in the hotel spotted the fire and informed the Ponda central fire station. Fire station personnel doused the fire using one fire tender and after struggling for an hour. Prompt action by hotel staff who brought out the gas cylinders from the hotel premises averted a major loss, some eyewitnesses said. The fire personnel said the fire could have erupted accidentally. However, they stopped short from pointing out the exact cause of the fire.Fire officials said the owner of the hotel, Dattaprasad Gaonkar, claimed a loss of Rs 90,000 in the incident. Ponda police, however, had no report about the incident.Shirgao's 'Dhondachi Tali' polluted: The 'Dhondachi Tali', popular for providing round-the-year clean water supply to Shirgao village due to hundreds of natural springs existing in it, has been polluted due to mining slurry entering in from a nearby mining pit situated atop a hill. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Deelip Gaonkar, a resident of Shirgao, and environmentalist Ramesh Gawas to the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) stating that this clean and continuous water source was polluted. The complainants have requested the GSPCB to conduct a thorough enquiry into the matter.Antarctica expedition members presented mementos: Around 55 members of 30th and 31st Indian Antarctica Expeditions were presented mementos on their return from the cold continent at a function on Tuesday at the National Centre for Antarctic &amp; Ocean Research (NCAOR) campus in Headland Sada, Vasco. NCAOR director Rasik Ravindra welcomed the participants and spoke about the highlights of the expeditions at a debriefing. A few Goans, such as Suhas Shetye, young astronomer Rakesh Rao, nodal officer J A A Silveira, medical officer Dr Deependra Kamble, engineer Prasad Yadav were part of the expedition. Each expedition has two components. The winter team leaves first and is followed by a summer team, which returns within four months. The winter team of the 31st expedition is still in Antarctic while the summer team has already returned home. Chief guest U R Rao, an eminent space scientist and chairman of the research advisory council of NCAOR, released the 'technical publication' on the 24-Indian Scientific Expedition to Antarctica. A book on 'Antarctica logistics' by Shubrata Mishra was also released. Leader of the 30th expedition K Jeeva presented the achievements of his team, while M J Beg, programme director (logistics), recounted the odds faced at Antarctica.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419144", "title": "An Olympian dilemma", "text": "PANAJI: On the face of it, the cur rent fracas over the Indian tennis team seems like a story of petty ego clashes and administrative mismanagement, standard ingredients in the Indian controversy cocktail. To many, the stand taken by Bhupathi and Bopanna smacks of small-minded selfishness, an act of putting the self before the nation by isolating someone most Indians see as a selfless national hero. To a few, the question is less clear cut; after all, the fact that so many players are refusing to play with Leander must point to some problem with the veteran star. The role of the AITA has come under almost universal attack, as it advertises its helplessness and waffles its way from one non-position to another.There is a fundamental hypocrisy at the heart of the entire debate. While accusing Bhupathi of putting personal interest over that of the nation, the criticism itself is centred primarily on safeguarding the personal interest of another individual. The focus is not so much on selecting the teams with the best probability of winning, for if that were the case then the in-form combination would automatically get picked, but in paying tribute to someone who has been the country's top player for several years now. The overweening emotionality surrounding the desire 'not to be unfair to Leander' reveals the nature of the implicit considerations being used. Paes is taken as a given and the other players are meant to revolve around him, even if they do not wish to play with him. The compromise that is being attempted focuses exclusively on appeasing egos; a Bopanna conceded and a Sania extracted makes for a peculiar kind of faux-equilibrium that not only makes everyone uniformly unhappy, but also makes little sense from the perspective of medal prospects.But what of Bhupathi's position? Can he be allowed to dictate terms to the tennis federation, and in some ways to the country? Is he not putting forward an argument based on a personal emotional need rather than look at the larger national interest? But is this binary, this apparent dichotomy between the personal and the national really what is at stake here? When Bhupathi insists that he cannot play with Paes, is he merely throwing a tantrum?The nature of a tennis doubles team is responsible for some of the confusion. It is a combination sport rather than a team sport, in that it is not an arithmetical aggregation of individual abilities. More than any other sport, it depends on an exquisite mutuality and instinctive complementarity. It calls for mutual anticipation, trust, the filling in of each other's gaps and a tolerance for each other's failures. This is a sport that is much more about failure, weakness and its management than most others. Given its fast and fluid nature, circumstances change very quickly - attack turns into defence, a yawning gap into a sneak opportunity, and sport into a form of choreography. The nature of partnership is chemical more than physical, resembling dance rather than athletic exertion. Which is why the brute force of individual rankings do not automatically translate into better performance in doubles, and a pair like Paes-Bhupathi met with such success in spite of their lowly positions on the singles charts.For Bhupathi to contend that he does not wish to play with someone he no longer trusts is therefore hardly an act of arrogance, but a simple acknowledgment of fact. Tennis teams come in units of two, not as two individuals gummed together for a cause, no matter how lofty or worthy. The nature of the sport demands a reciprocal respect and instinctive understanding between the two players, something that is clearly absent today. The issue here is not one of giving in to an unreasonable demand of a star player and protecting the rights of the bigger, more heroic star but of playing the combination that the works best together and does so consensually. When we argue that the more accomplished player has the right to play with any individual that he is paired with, it is we who are putting the interests of an individual over that of the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425839", "title": "Celebrating World Music Day in Kolkata", "text": "A concert was organized to celebrate World Music Day \u2014 which was on June 21 \u2014 at a city auditorium on Monday where  some of the city's finest musicians came together to sing their hearts out.Music lovers came in hordes to witness the show, named Duet, conceptualized by Chandrabindoo's Anindya, supported by Anupam Roy, Paroma Bandyopadhyay, Sukanya Ghosh, Sasha Ghoshal and Pramita Mallick. Musicians such as Gabu, Rajkumar and Sayan Banerjee also performed at the concert.Pramita and Sasha kickstarted the evening with Rabindrasangeet such as \"Krishnakali ami tarei boli\" and \"Pagla hawar badol dine\". Pramita and Sukanya then mesmerized the audience with a medley of songs such as \"Tokhon tomar ekush bochor bodhhoy\", \"Dure dure kachhe kachhe\" and \"Chokhe chokhe kotha bolo\". Next, Anupam and Anindya took to the stage and performed each other's compositions. While Anupam gave his voice to \"Toker jatna nin\", Anindya sang \"Je kota din\" and \"Ek baar bol\". \"Amake amar moto\", sung by Anindya, Anupam, Upal, Paroma and Sukanya, brought the curtains down on the concert. \"It is privilege for me to have performed here today as I have grown up with these songs,\" said Anupam.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14422864", "title": "Sania Mirza-Bethanie in Wimbledon second round", "text": "LONDON: Sania Mirza and her American partner Bethanie Mattek-Sands dominated with their returns to put out Russian Alla Kudryavtseva and American Sloane Stephens 6-4, 6-2 in a rain interrupted first round match of the women's doubles competition, at Wimbledon on Tuesday.Next up for the Indo-US pairing is the winner of the opening round clash between Serb Jelena Jankovic and France's Virginie Razzano, who take on the French pair of Stephanie Foretx Gacon and Kristina Mladonovic.The No. 13 seeds raced away to a strong start, going up 4-1 after breaking the young Stephens in the second game of the match; the break of serve coming after some strong returns by the striking Indo-American pairing, who also share a great friendship off the court.Stephens, on the other hand, started slowly and it didn't help that her partner didn't quite come to the party on the day.Mattek-Sands, in soccer socks, racer back tee and A-line skirt hitched to her shorts, was broken in the seventh game of the opening set.Kudryavtseva and Stephens responded by levelling scores at 4-4. Sania then held serve comfortably before the skies opened up and the players were forced off the court. They returned after nearly an hour. The break seemed to have worked for the fancied combine, who promptly broke Stephens to close the set 6-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14419217", "title": "Ponda cops see red over black film, book 600 vehicles since May", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda traffic cell has booked 600 vehicles in a period of a little over a month for violations of a Supreme Court ruling on tints.An SC bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar went by the limits prescribed in the MV Act and held that anything beyond visual light transmission (VLT) limit of 70% for the front and rear windshields and 50% for the side windows would be punishable. The order came into effect on May 4.Ponda PI (traffic) Prabodh Shirwoikar told reporters that though the drive began from the apex court cut-off date, checks were on since January 2012. The cell therefore earned 1,34,800 by way of fines and registered 1,348 cases from January to May. From May 4 to Tuesday, 600 cases have been registered, with 212 booked in the first half of June alone.Traffic personnel said the fine is 100 for a first-time offence and 300 if the offence is repeated. They have urged all vehicle users to remove dark films from their windscreens and side windows.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar said he has had a meeting with owners of car accessories' shops in the temple town too and has tried to convince them not to affix artificial filming on vehicles. The 1,348 vehicles booked include buses, tempos and trucks.Shirwoikar has also urged vehicle owners to check that their windshield wipers, brakes, mud flaps, headlights etc are working properly to avert mishaps during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418781", "title": "DU admissions: Parents shoulder aspirants' burden", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was parents' day out at Delhi University on Tuesday. Many accompanied their children from college to college on the first day of admissions, carrying water, juice packs, documents and holding umbrellas over their heads.Parents of aspirants who got through at the college of their choice could be seen exulting while those not so fortunate deliberated at length whether waiting for the second list was a good idea.\"My daughter has made me proud,\" said Pulkit Sharma, whose daughter got admission to Shri Ram College of Commerce. \"I cannot express my joy in words.\"At many colleges, parents could be seen guiding their children to fill up forms, while others divided the work to get it done faster.While Gurneet Kalsi filled her form and waited for her turn to pay the fee at the cash counter, her mother stood in the queue for submitting copy of the fee slip.Students and the parents at Hans Raj College and Daulat Ram College were allowed to complete the admission process together unlike at Shri Ram College of Commerce, Kirori Mal College and Lady Shri Ram College where parents were asked to sit in the waiting room.However, many were unhappy with this arrangement. Anxious, excited parents could be seen pacing up and down the corridors, arguing with authorities that they be allowed inside to help their wards.\"It's the first such experience for my daughter and she needs me to be with her not because she cannot do it alone, but just for moral support,\" complained Puneet Kaur, whose daughter got admission into Kirori Mal College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14422736", "title": "A tale of three lakes in the city", "text": "SUKHNA LAKEThe three-km rain-fed lake was created in 1958. It is one of the greatest gifts from Le Corbusier to the City Beautiful. The lake is now shrinking fast due to siltation and lack of water inflow. For many years boating has remained its main attraction, but nowadays the place from where boats start has been changed due to its receding water. Besides, four-seater boats and shikara's have stopped plying here. It has lost much of its charm, with 70% of it drying upSector 42 New lakeSpread over three acres, the Sector 42 lake is fed by two tube-wells. Earlier, the lake, which was inaugurated in October 2008, provided an ideal site to perform religious ceremonies like Chhat puja and Ganesh puja. But these days, it is seeing many tourists as well as residents with the Sukhna Lake drying up. It is one of the main attractions for the residents of city's south too. The administration is developing a garden of palms and a saucer-shaped reception centre here.Lake in DhanasNot many know about the lake in Dhanas. The water body, created by the forest department, is an attraction for the residents of Dhanas and surrounding areas. It sees few people from other sectors, as it is on the outs-kirts of the city and no promotional activity has been undertaken to publicize it. But now-adays, more people are visiting it because of the shrinking Sukhna Lake. There is sufficient water in the lake, which is spread over two acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14419813", "title": "Range cops halt NFC run", "text": "NAGPUR: Abdul Jaffar scored a brace as three-time champions Range Police heaved a sigh of relief with their first victory of the season.The cops went on rampage to halt the winning run of Nagpur Football Club (NFC) 2-0 in the Meghe Nagpur District Football league at the Motibagh ground on Tuesday.Although NFC dominated the proceedings but missed a couple of easy goal scoring opportunities in the first half to allow their rivals make a comeback not only in the match but also in the league.After 40 minutes of NFC dominance, Range Police converted their first chance to take the lead which eventually disturbed the playmakers of NFC for the remaining part of the game. Making most of a Afaque Aamir cross, fed from the left. Abdul Jaffar opened the account for Range Police in the 41st minute.NFC's leading goal scorer Sushant Bhivgade was a bit off-colour as he failed to convert an open net when he was seen one-on-one with the Range goalie.Eying an equalizer with proper a defence, NFC changed their 4-4-2 formation with the regular 4-3-3 format in the second half. The change in strategy didn't help much as the cops displayed a strategic defence with proper man-to-man marking. In the 78th minute, both Aamir and Jaffar were again in the thick of action and soon the scores were doubled. On a left side pass of Aamir, Jaffar volleyed the ball to the far corner of the net as Range Police recorded their first victory in the 36th edition of the league.At the Police Line Takli ground, Divisional Sports Association Central Railway held two-time champions Nagpur Blues Football Club to a goalless draw.On Wednesday: Young Iqbal Sporting Club vs Gondwana Sporting (Police Line Takli ground); South East Central Railway vs Young Muslim Football Club (Motibagh ground) 4 pm tnnOn Wednesday, Young Iqbal Sporting Club will take on Gondwana Sporting at the Police ground while South East Central Railway face the challenge of Young Muslim Football Club on their home turf at 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422387", "title": "\u2018Poster boys\u2019 land in a fix", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ahead of Panjab University student council elections, five leaders of different student organizations were booked and one of them arrested for pasting their party posters on public property, on Tuesday.Those booked include Student Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) all India college president Ashish Saluja, SOPU joint secretary Ranjan Chopra, Panjab University Student Union ( PUSU) chairman of all colleges Baljit Choudhary, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad ( ABVP) leader Parvesh and Students' Organization of India (SOI) leader Manna Sekhon. Parvesh was arrested and later released on regular bail from Sector 11 police station.The booked student leaders had pasted their posters on the boundary walls of DAV college, Sector 10; Hotel Mountview; on Sector 8 Verka Booth and at a Sector 15 bus stop.SHO of Sector 3 police station inspector Neeraj Sarna said, \"Special teams were constituted to keep a tab on the activities of student leaders. Pasting of posters on public property is an offence under Section 3 of the West Bengal Property Defacement Act, 1976.\"The university authorities have been told about the registration of criminal cases against the student leaders, he added. Cops have removedall these posters from sectors 8, 10 and 11, among others. Student organizations have already started preparations for the council elections that are likely to be held in early September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14422627", "title": "Spreading the fragrance of words", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Gurcharan Kaur Kochar, 62, is busy giving final touches to her book of ghazals, \" Harfan Dee Mehak\" (Fragrance of words) at her BRS Nagar residence. The book will be released this August.Kochar, a triple MA, BEd and a law graduate, retired from Punjab Agricultural University after serving as an English teacher. She has bagged the best teacher award both at the state and national level. As a ghazal writer, Kochar has been honoured by various literary organizations for her books, \"Ahsas Dee Khushbu\", \"Ahsas Da Safar\", \"Ehsas Dian Rishman\", \"Deevian Dee Katar\" and \"Jagde Chirag\".Gurcharan Kaur is ready to release her book of ghazals this August. Dealing with social issues like female foeticide and issues ailing working women, Kochar has been doing her bit for the society through her ghazals. \"I feel very strongly about social issues. One of my ghazal speaks of unfortunate children who are deprived of their mother's feed as they are busy earning a livelyhood. The lyrics are, \"Kiwen ful tehkan, hawawan na aiyan, ke jhoole jhulawan mawan na aiyan (How would the flowers sway without any breeze, the mothers did not come to pull the swings).\"She added, \"Through my ghazals I have also raised concerns on issues like 'derawad', deforestation and cheating with women.\"Talking about her upcoming book, \"Harfan Dee Mehak\", she said, \"The book is a compilation of 70 ghazals and 65 of them have already been finalized. I plan to have the book released in August.\"And like every writer, Kochar too has an idol. Dr Jagtar, professor Niranjan Tasneem and Surjit Patar are her all time favourite writers, \" I have drawn a lot of inspiration from these writers,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422141", "title": "Ahmedabad has to content with drizzles, monsoon plays truant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It drizzled in most parts of the city on Tuesday. However, rains are still playing truant as widespread monsoon is nowhere in sight - at least not for the next four days.Weather officials said that June is expected to go almost dry with only local phenomenon likely to bring sparse, isolated rains. \"Currently, there is no system in sight which could cause widespread monsoon showers in the state,\" said Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist at Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat.The light showers have helped only to bring down the temperature but the dry spell does not have the weather officials worried, yet. The IMD said that last year too, widespread rains had begun in the state from July 7.Gujarat has received 31 mm of rains so far, which is 3.88% of its annual rainfall of 798 mm. Saurashtra has received 5% while south Gujarat have received 4% of the average seasonal rainfall. Kutch has received only 1% of the rains. North and central Gujarat have received 2% and 3% rains respectively.Till 8.30 am on Tuesday, five talukas in three districts had received rainfall. Pardi taluka in Valsad received the highest rainfall of 4 mm on Monday. However, northern parts of the state, including Ahmedabad city, only received drizzles.Officials in the revenue department's control room said that of the 225 talukas in the state, six talukas have received over 125 mm of rainfall. The season's highest so far has been received in Kaprada taluka in Valsad at 199 mm, followed by Limbdi in Surendranagar (173 mm), Babra in Amreli (146 mm), Pardi in Valsad (176 mm), Valsad (158 mm), and Bardoli in Surat which received 145 mm rain.According to data released by the state government, 37 talukas have received rains between 51 mm and 125 mm till Monday. There are still 22 talukas in the state that are yet to receive a single drop of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14418148", "title": "Bodo MP, World Bodo Historical Society president asked to appear before court", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CJM court here on Tuesday issued summons to BPF MP Sansuma Khunggur Bwiswmuthiary and Sri Janaklal Basumatary, president of World Bodo Historical Society (WBHS), asking them to appear before the court on June 31. Arun Pathak, a follower of Srimanta Sankardeva, had filed a petition before the CJM court saying that the duo had intentionally tried to destroy the unity of the Assamese by demanding a ban on Srimanta Sankardeva's books 'Kirtan Ghosha'.BD Konwar, counsel of the petitioner, argued before the court that the accused persons commented on the holy book in order to create racial and religious ill-will, enmity and disharmony between the Bodo-Mech and the rest of the Assamese community. The counsel added that they publicly refused to give any apology for making such remarks.Bwismuthiary had earlier said a verse in the Kirtan-Ghosha, where the Vaishnavite preacher gives a call to eliminate the \"Mlech\" had hurt the sentiments of the Bodos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419410", "title": "Five Nashikites to feature on state cricket panel for upcoming season", "text": "NASHIK: As many as five office bearers of the Nashik District Cricket Association (NDCA) have acquired member positions on Maharashtra Cricket Association's cricket committees, for the the 2012-13 season. in course of reshuffling within the organization. office bearers have dominated places in the recent reshuffling of the Maharashtra Cricket Association's (MCA) various cricket committees for the cricket season 2012/13.As many as five, Prashant Rai, Kiran Joshi, Shekhar Ghosh, Shekhar Gawali and Sameer Rakte from Nashik have been assigned important responsibilities within the Association for the forthcoming season.Rai, who is a former Maharashtra Ranji left-arm spinner, has been retained as a chairman of the Junior Selection Committee that will take care of the Under-14, Under-16 and Under-19 teams. The Under-19 team was chosen by the selection committee under Rai's leadership and performed exceptionally well by the Prashant Rai led selection committee in particular did exceptionally well as it as it rose from the Plate group and went on to play an Elite final which they narrowly lost in the last season.Kiran Joshi who has also been a left-arm slow bowler, Kiran Joshi who was the manager of the Under-19 team, and has been asked to continue in the same position for the current season as well. has too been asked to continue for the current season also.Another former Ranji pacer, Shekhar Ghosh, who was an assistant coach and manager of the Maharashtra Ranji team, has been given independent charge as coach to the Under-22 team for the current season. Former leg-spinner, Shekhar Gawali, will be trainer of the same Under-22 team, coached by Ghosh.Sameer Rakte, the NDCA's treasurer, has been accommodated in the MCA's tournament committee for one more year. The MCA managing committee, conducted a two-day meeting in Pune last week, to select its various panels, under the chairmanship of Ajay Shirke.NDCA chairman Vinod Shah, who is also the vice-president of the MCA, who attended the meeting commented on how the MCA had duly acknowledged the work put in by its Nashik members.\"The MCA committee members was very impressed with the knowledge, results and work ethic displayed by the five Nashikites and has hence decided unanimously retain them for the current season as well, \" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14424767", "title": "RBI asks Kotak Mahindra Bank to dilute promoter stake to 20% by 2018", "text": "MUMBAI: Kotak Mahindra Bank has been asked by Reserve Bank of India to bring down its promoter stake, currently at 45.21% to 20% by March 31, 2018. RBI has also said that it might ask the bank to bring down promoter equity further from 20% to 10% or any other level depending on the new guidelines that it comes up with.Although in the past RBI had indicated that private banks should bring down promoter stake to 40% and subsequently to 20%, Kotak Bank had a special dispensation as the banking licence it received was upon conversion of a non-banking finance company. As a result of the conversion and consolidation of the group the promoter continued to hold a large chunk of equity.Of the 45.21% promoter stake 41.35% is directly held by Uday Kotak the bank's promoter the remaining shares are held by family members. Given that the bank currently has a market capitalization of around Rs 43,000 crore, the value of the shares to be offloaded would be over Rs 10,000 crore. The amount would be higher if promoters choose to dilute equity through fresh issuances and the share price rises. Earlier in March Warburg Pincus sold 3.6% stake in Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd to raise about Rs 1400crore.In the past Kotak had held that as per licencing condition the promoters could hold up to 49% and there was no pressure from RBI to bring down stake below 49%. RBI's directive to Kotak Mahindra Bank comes ahead of new norms for bank licencing where the central bank is expected to set the ground rules under which corporate houses can get bank licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "trichy/madurai", "code": "14421847", "title": "Kumbakonam track doubling soon", "text": "TRICHY/MADURAI: The Indian Railways will actively consider laying one more broad gauge line between Trichy and Kumbakonam in the near future, according to the divisional railway manager (DRM) of Tiruchirappalli Division, Manjula Rangarajan.Manjula, who belongs to the Indian Railway Accounts Service (IRAS) and has served in various zones said in Thanjavur during an inspection that such a new line would very helpful before the next 'Mahamaham' slated to be held in 2016. The DRM also assured that the Karaikal - Chennai Egmore Express, which at present passes through Thanjavur and Kumbakonam would continue to run the same way until September 30 so that those who had already booked on this sector need not change their travel plans. From October onwards, this train would go via Tiruvarur and Mayiladuthurai.Meanwhile, the railways have decided to extend the Bangalore - Salem Express up to Nagore from July 1. This extended route would run through the newly-laid Mayiladuthurai - Tiruvarur line, a 38-km project that was recently completed at a cost of Rs 204 crore and at present only good trains are operated. This line facilitates a shorter route to Tiruvarur instead of a 124-km-long circuitous route running through Thanjavur. From now on, trains that operate on the new route would bypass Thanjavur and Kumbakonam.The Madurai division, meanwhile, has announced that two additional general second class coaches will be augmented to the passenger trains on a permanent measure. The Madurai - Rameswaram - Madurai passenger trains (56721, 56722, 56723, 56724, 56725 and 56726) will be added with two coaches from June 30 onwards.The Madurai - Villupuram - Madurai passenger trains (56705 and 56706), will be augmented with two additional coaches from July 2, while the Madurai - Dindigul - Madurai passenger trains (56709 and 56710) will get two more coaches from July 3, a railway statement observed.The move by the Madurai division will help thousands of passengers who depend upon these passenger trains for their daily train journey. It has been estimated that large number of passengers travel between Madurai and Dindigul for work while the passenger trains to Rameswaram are usually crowded with pilgrims going to the temple town. Villupuram is another destination for the travellers from Madurai as they can connect to Chennai easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422247", "title": "Autorickshaw driver burnt alive", "text": "CHENNAI: The charred body of an autorickshaw driver, found on the passengers' seat of his vehicle near Sriperumbudur on Sunday, was later identified as R Karthikeyan, 27, of Pallavaram, with the autorickshaw's registration number.Around 2pm, residents saw an auto in flames on the road side near Amarambedu in Sriperumbudur and called police who rushed there with fire services personnel. The body was sent to the government hospital in Chengalpet for postmortem. \"According to the preliminary postmortem report, the man may have been set afire at 1.30pm,\" Manimangalam inspector Gokul Rajan said.Karthikeyan got married just 18 months ago, police said. \"We are probing whether he had any enemies in his business or friends. We are trying to trace the call details on his mobile phone,\" a police officer said.Karthikeyan left home on Sunday morning, police said adding that he may have been taken to Sriperumbudur by friends before being killed and set ablaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419264", "title": "Power cuts likely to continue for some more days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite the onset of monsoon, there seems to be no respite from power cuts in the state. Official sources said the power situation will improve only when the hydel power generation begins. Till then, the citizens have to face the unscheduled power cuts for several hours even during the nights.AP Transco official said while the power supply demand is hovering at 250.45 million units (MU) per day, the supply is not crossing 215 MU with the shortfall being about 35 MU. Of the total supply, thermal generation accounts for 97.69 MU while hydel power supply is just 3.95 MU. Apart from these, central power generation agencies like NTPC account for 72.96 MU, while independent power plants generate another 30.25 MU and non-conventional resources supply another 10.3 MU.Officials said the deficit of power supply against the demand is growing for the past 10 days. Last week the gap between the demand and supply was just 15 MU, it rose to 24 MU a couple of days ago and it touched 28.9 MU on Monday (June 25).With the deficit in power supply is on the rise for the past one week, the Transco has been imposing more power shutdowns. Official source said two hours power cuts are being imposed in the Greater Hyderabad, five hours in the district headquarters and six hours in small towns. But unofficially power interruptions are more than four to five hours in the city. CPDCL is imposing power cuts for every one hour in some areas in the name of load relief to maintain grid frequency. The situation in the surrounding and rural areas is much worse and no one can be sure when the power would go off.\"If the CPDCL maintains a schedule, we can plan accordingly. But the interruptions are completely unaware to the general public. Due to erratic supply, we are also facing acute water shortage,\" K Dattatri, a scientist and resident of Bairamalguda near L B Nagar said.Citizens complain that though CPDCL has publicized the fuse call office telephone numbers there was hardly any response from many of these numbers. \"Even if the fuse call staffers pick up the telephone, they were not in a position to tell when the power supply will be restored in our area,\" Chatla Srinivas, a government employee and resident of Warasiguda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418738", "title": "Mumbai: First merit list for online junior college admissions today", "text": "MUMBAI: With the first general merit list for online junior college admissions to be announced today, anxiety levels of students are reaching new heights. Just as students are clueless about what to expect from the list, college heads are confused. However, they all agreed that cut-offs may not be higher than last year.\"Cut-offs will change from college to college, depending on choices made by students. There may be a slight drop or no difference in cut-offs, but definitely cut-offs will not be higher than last year,\" said Vijay Joshi, principal, K J Somaiya College, Vidyavihar.Unlike last year, where the number of 90% and above scorers in all boards-SSC, ICSE and CBSE-had shot up, this year SSC results saw a 50% dip in the number of students scoring 90% and above. Principals told TOI that even though more ICSE and CBSE students have got through the 90% mark, they are a very small number in junior college aspirants. \"Of the 1.92 lakh applications that have come up online, less than 10,000 have come from other boards. State board students have nothing to worry about,\" added Joshi.Principals agreed that students should expect the first cut-off to be on the higher side. \"There may be an increase in cut-offs for the commerce stream but definitely other streams will see a dip,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal, St Andrew's College, Bandra (W). She added that even though the cut-off in the first list may be high, it will definitely come down in the second and third lists. \"The first merit list always shows a drastic picture but cut-offs come down in the next two lists,\" she added.Most principals refused to predict cut-offs but were sure they will come down. Kavita Rege, principal, Sathaye College, Vile Parle (E), said, \"Even though we can't be sure, I have a feeling cut-offs may come down slightly.\"The first online merit list will be announced today at 5 pm. Students whose names have appeared in the first list will receive a message. \"In any case, students can check if their name has been announced in the first list by logging on to fyjc.org.in,\" said a senior education official.Students whose names have appeared on the list can confirm their admission by submitting the required documents and paying Rs 50 to the college over the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14422642", "title": "Being a master planner comes easy to Manisha", "text": "In this town of good taste and high living, women score high on the trend-o-meter. Fashionistas, dance divas, art connoisseurs, bloggers or activists, the ladies don their hats with consummate ease. When it comes to their homes, they keep it both chic and regal. Whether it's designer cutlery they're picking or a Louis Vuitton they're packing, Ludhiana's women make both seem effortless. Every Wednesday, TOI traces these euphoric raconteur women as they share interesting tales..The liveried ushers at the Oswal household on College Road are on duty. Delicate china, milk and some nuts rest on the mahogany furniture at the sun porch next to the lawn.Like always, the tea arrives at sharp 7am, the moment when the day begins for business tycoon Kamal Oswal and his homemaker wife Manisha. The lady belonging to the family that set up two of India's favourite woollen and cotton brands \u2014 Monte Carlo and Canterbury \u2014 looks planned, ready to offer suggestions on domestic chores, her children's well-being and on keeping the house in order.There are no traces of slackness or clumsiness. The collective decision by the women of the house is to not discuss the family business. Manisha is at consummate ease as she combs through the stories from a set of nine newspapers, picking up the big ones and then discussing them with her husband. \"Oh, no Bandra fair at the Rebello Road ground this year,\" she mumbles as she turns a page, dredging-up her childhood days in the then Bombay.At her College Road residence, Manisha Oswal \u2014 married to Kamal Oswal \u2014 likes to begin her day at 7am. After her daily fix of newspapers, she leaves for her step-aerobic class.If there is one woman in the town to thank for the current popularity as well as ubiquity of step aerobics, it's Manisha. \"When you lose fat through this exercise, you are less likely to succumb to illnesses associated with being overweight, such as heart disease,\" she points out. Stretching and floor cardio follow in the next 60 minutes.Wellness is a topic that is close to Manisha's heart. And to keep her loved ones as fit, she has not let medicines enter her house for close to 26 years. For health, skin care and even minor illnesses like cold and cough, there are plenty of natural home remedies, she says, adding. \"Nature has only done good for us and will continue to do so if we have faith in it. Staying positive is one of the biggest lessons of my life.\"After the workout, Manisha returns home for breakfast with the family. A marquee and a part of house with ongoing construction stand fuzzily upstage, trimmed with a bit of foliage behind her. \"Those new rooms are for my two sons. They are all grown up now and need to be independent and learn how to manage things on their own,\" she says emphatically.Manisha's elder son Rishabh is studying in Nottingham and the deft homemaker is planning to send the younger one, Abhinav, after he finishes school this year. \"I have always given pep talk to my children. I don't want them to plunge into family business with no foundation,\" she says. Perhaps, that's why she has started spending more times at her 20-year-old son Rishabh's first independent setup Hug \u2014 a frozen yogurt parlour. Waffles, gluten free ice-creams, shakes and cakes, she knows all flavours by name. \"Check the weights again. Please keep the displays neatly,\" she tells the staff. She then browses through the feedback diary, checks the quality and reorganizes the misplaced furniture.\"That's the best way a mother can keep her son's passion and hopes stay strong. Rishabh did not take a one wee bit of help from us. He decided everything on his own and it's really gratifying to know how he's building up this brand,\" she smiles.For now, Manisha has decided to expand her son's brand to a few cities she recently visited, including Amritsar, Patiala and Jalandhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420121", "title": "Beginning of gang wars in Churu again? Cops think so", "text": "JAIPUR: The ghost of gang wars between liquor mafias in Shekhawati's Churu region, which so far had resulted in Dara Singh's alleged fake encounter and subsequent arrests of BJP leader Rajendra Rathore, two IPS officers A K Jain and A Ponnuchami and several other policemen, has haunted the region again.Churu police have arrested three goons armed with heavy weaponry and allegly hired to kill Shyam Sundar alias Shyam Lal, an accused in the Nyangali murder case and evading law since March this year after jumping parole. The three goons were allegedly hired by the brother of Virendra Nyangali and initially paid Rs 65,000 to get rid of Shyam Sundar. Nyangali belonged to the liquor mafia and killed in a gang war three years ago.Shyam Sundar is believed to be an associate of Sumer Singh Fagedia who had been shot to death by Virenda Nyangali gang in 2002 after being abducted from a court in Churu's Rajgarh.The development has left the local police shocked as they were considering it a possible onset of yet another gang war. As per the CBI, Nyangali who had been killed on February 10, 2009 was considered to have the patronage of BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore. Dara Singh who was killed in an alleged fake encounter on Octomer 23, 2006 was a member of Sumer Singh Fagedia gang.Though, Rathore who had been arrested by the CBI in Dara Singh case has been acquitted of these allegations, the police officers who had allegedly killed Dara Singh in a fake encounter are still behind bars. The CBI had alleged that Rathore had asked the Rajasthan police's SOG to kill Dara Singh, who was an associate of one Vijrendra Singh alias Telia. Telia had become of the head of Sumer Singh Fagedia group after the latter was killed.\"We arrested three men - Devendra Singh Rajput (21), Shashipratap alias Samarjeet alias Rahul (25) and Ramlabas alias Naresh alias Ajay Yadav (24) - from Sadulpur railway station on Sunday night,\" a police officer said. \"The trio was in a Bolero and was armed with three guns and over three dozens of live cartridges. \"One Ummed Singh, a relative of Virendra Nyangali, managed to escape,\" the officer said.\"During preliminary investigation, it has come up that the trio was hired by Ummed Singh for supari of Shyam Lal alias Shyam Sundar. Shyam Lal was an accused in the Nyangali murder case. He had been released on parole in March this year, but he jumped the parole and disappeared,\" the officer said. One of the three arrested belongs to Haryana, while the others are local residents. They have criminal background, police said.Police said that the trio was on prowl to locate Shyam Lal and kill him. \"However, we got a tip-off and nabbed them. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.Dara began career as driverDara Singh, a small time liquor smuggler whose encounter case has tuned into a major catastrophe for some high-profile cops, started off his career as a driver of liquor businessman named Vijendra Singh alias Telia in 2001.At that time, there were two rival groups of liquor businessmen, one belonging to Sumer Singh Fagedia and the other headed by Virendra Singh Nyangali in Churu. Sumer Singh was shot dead by Virenda Nyangali in 2002 after being abducted from a court in Rajgarh. Virendra Nyangali was in turn killed in February 10, 2009. Dara Singh was also killed in an alleged fake encounter by the Rajasthan police's special operations group (SOG) on October 23, 2006.After murder of Sumer Singh, Telia became of the head of his group with Dara as his close associate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421632", "title": "French film fest to begin on Saturday", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala Chalachitra Academy will organize a festival of French films, in association with the Alliance Francaise de, Trivandrum, here on June 30 and July 1.Five films that have received accolades in France in 2011 would be screened in the festival which will be held at the Kalabhavan theatre. Entry to the festival will be free.The first among the films to be screened will be 'A Better Life', directed by Cedric Kahn. It unveils the horrifying experience of two lovers who risk everything to own a restaurant to fall in a debt trap.'Chicken with Plums', directed by Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud, chronicles the after being of a famous violinist Nasser Ali Khan, one of the most famous musicians of his time.The next film 'Delicacy' is an adapted version of David Foenkinos's book. The film deals with the story of a rebirth and also deals with the theme of love.'Nobody Else But You' is the story of Rousseau, a bestselling crime novelist from Paris, who is troubled because of writer's block and 'Candice Lecoeur' a local beauty who, following a hypnosis session, thinks that she is the reincarnation of Marilyn Monroe.The festival schedule is as follows: June 30: 'A better life' (screening time, 5pm), 'Chicken with plums' (7.30pm). July 1: 'Delicacy' (3.30pm), 'Nobody else but you' (5.30pm), Polis (7.30 pm).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422794", "title": "Sunita Williams to adopt Gujarati girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: During her last visit to Gujarat in September 2007, astronaut Sunita Williams had expressed shock over female feticide in the state. \"Why should you allow the society to limit you by the virtue of your sex. Limitations are only in your mind,\" she had told a gathering of girls in Kadi town.She plans to make her next visit to Gujarat - after she completes her space expedition - more meaningful.Family members say Sunita has made up her mind to adopt a girl from Ahmedabad. The American-Indian astronaut's sister, Dina, has already started the process to adopt a daughter from an Ahmedabad-based organisation.\"Like her sister , Sunita too has expressed her wish to adopt a child, preferably a girl. We will start the spadework soon. She will start formalities after she returns from the expedition,\" says her Ahmedabad-based cousin Dinesh Rawal.Sunita's father Deepak Pandya, a native of north Gujarat where the sex ratio is the most distorted in the state, says he often discusses the issue with his daughter. \"It is up to Sunita and her husband to take a final decision. But, she has often expressed her desire to adopt a girl from Gujarat,\"Pandya, a doctor, told TOI over telephone from the US.Sunita will take off on July 14 from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for a six-month space expedition, her second. While Sunita's contractual obligations with Nasa prohibited her from becoming part of any campaign, she had no problems with her father donning the T-shirt brought out by the TOI under the 'Save the Girl Child Campaign'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426934", "title": "On the global highway", "text": "James W Dean Jr, dean of University of North Carolina's Kenan-Flagler Business School, talks to Shashank Venkat about the institute's management programmes and inaugural global business consulting projects in India.Q- The Indian student population in your full-time MBA programme has grown from 8 to 13%. What is driving this growth at UNC Kenan-Flagler Business School?Indian students are extremely competitive. Students who apply to us have the strongest preparation, especially in terms of math, among all the other students. This is the reason they do very well in the GMAT exam. Since the medium of instruction in our institute is English, Indian students have an edge over other international students. It also helps them during the interviews.Q- What do Indian students bring to the table?Indian students are important to us because they bring in the perspective of a rapidly developing country. They also bring in experience from an extremely multi-cultural region. There is diversity from religious, ethnic and socio-economic standpoints. If you have to be successful in India, you have to learn to work effectively with different kinds of people.Q- MBA students from UNC Kenan-Flagler are involved in the Global Business Project (GBP) consulting programme. Could you please elaborate?Under the GBP, students from UNC Kenan-Flagler are involved in 12-week long projects with three US MNCs and an India-based MNC. The programme gives students an opportunity to tackle business challenges in the real world and apply their classroom learning to offer solutions to these corporations. UNC has entered into a partnership with IIM Bangalore to expand this project in India.Our students provided recommendations for business challenges faced by GE Healthcare, Westinghouse Electric, PPG and DorfKetal. Even if these students are young and inexperienced, they have a very thorough and comprehensive education and focus on one issue intensely. People with a good consulting experience train these students. So, the combination of focus, basic skill and consulting framework enables these students to offer solutions, which are not only ingenious, but also practical. While this programme has focused on China and Brazil over the past five years, it is the first time that it has been applied in India.Q- How do students and the companies involved assess the GBP programme?The students feel that it is a tremendous opportunity. Being part of a team with students from other countries, travelling to the other side of the world and offering solutions to real problems excites our students greatly. This programme is rated highly by the students. The results with the companies have also been very good. Many companies sign up for multiple projects. For example, we work with GE in India, but we are also involved in projects in Brazil and the US. GE has been enormously satisfied with our efforts and has continued to expand the scope of our work.Q- Tell us more about MBA@UNC, your online MBA programme.In this online MBA programme, we have made sure that students get the same kind of learning that a full-time on-campus MBA offers. It is a very rigorous programme where the students are expected to put in about 30 hours per week. They are taught by the same faculty, learn the same curriculum and earn the same MBA degree as a regular student. Students can also meet their classmates, faculty and business leaders in three-day global immersions, which are conducted round the year in different cities of the world.Admission standards are identical to the full-time MBA course. The big advantage this programme offers is that students can apply the knowledge instantly in real-life work situations. It also offers cost benefits as students can pursue the programme in their home country along with their jobs.Q- Are the companies opening up to the idea of an online MBA programme?We have 96 companies who have sent us students to enrol for this programme. These companies are accepting it as a legitimate way of getting an MBA degree. The course was only launched last year, but the companies have given a strong ratification by sponsoring the students for this programme. I believe that such programmes can change the executive education landscape in the future.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14422747", "title": "Ethics probe against Nikki Haley to begin on Thursday", "text": "WASHINGTON: An ethics probe into whether South Carolina's Indian-American governor Nikki Haley illegally lobbied for her employers when she was a legislator would be launched by a key legislative panel on Thursday in a first such probe against the state's top elected official.Haley has denied any wrongdoings. \"We have turned over anything and everything that they want. It has been an amicable process. And if they want my birth certificate, driver's licence, they can get that too,\" Haley said.Haley, who was a state representative from 2005-2010 , is accused of using her office to illegally lobby on behalf of two of her employers \u2014 the Lexington Medical Center Foundation, where she was a $110,000-ayear fundraiser, and the Columbia-based Wilbur Smith and Associates engineering firm, where she was paid $42,500 as a consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422407", "title": "Eye on polls, Panjab University netas jump to help", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amidst lively campaigning and fervent assistance to new applicants by student organizations, the onset of admission season on the Panjab University campus has set the mood for student polls this year. Doing their groundwork for student elections slated to be held after three months on the PU campus and affiliated colleges, student parties have been putting their best foot forward to woo their prospective voters. From guiding them on \"What scholarships they can avail\" to ensuring that their forms are \"properly filled up\"\u2014 they are doing it all for free.Heavy police deployment on the campus, with over 70 police personnel, commandos and PU security guards is just a hint of how uptight PU authorities are about student polls this year, particularly in the wake of arrest of three PU students in Ludhiana two weeks ago in a murder case.To keep miscreants at bay, CCTV cameras have been installed near help desks on the campus. \"We have been closely watching the activity of student parties. Now it is just a matter of four more days. The help desks have been permitted to function till next Monday and till then, we are extra alert on the security front,\" says P K Dhawan, PU's chief security officer. All this has done little to prevent 'students from colleges' and outsiders to join the help desks.Several college students have been assisting PU student leaders to guide applicants. Coloured stickers of student organizations including Chandigarh Students' Union and others, which have only been active in colleges till last year, are a common sight on campus.\"Certain organizations only have college students on their help desks. We have ensured that no outside student propagates on behalf of our organization on the campus,\" says Sumit Gokhlaney, member of a PU student group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419108", "title": "First cutoff list: DU notifies corrections", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has notified a few corrections on the first cutoff declared on Tuesday.For College of Vocational Studies cutoff for BCom (H) is 93.5% to 96.5% instead of 73.5% to 96.5% for general category. For Daulat Ram College, cutoff for BA (H) in philosophy is 82% (80) instead of 78% to 82% (72% to 80%) with at least 65 marks in English.For Shyam Lal College, cutoff for BA (H) economics is 78% instead of 72% for OBC category. For Kamla Nehru College, cutoff for BA (H) economics is 93.25% to 98.25% (90.25% to 95.25%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420788", "title": "Homemaker dies, 3 sustain burns", "text": "BANGALORE: A 26-year-old homemaker set herself ablaze on Monday midnight in Gakarehalli near Devanahalli. But her act resulted in three others getting burns when she panicked and grabbed them. She succumbed to burns on Tuesday.Sumitra Venkatesh, who was suffering from chronic stomach pain, took out a kerosene can, doused herself with the fuel and then set herself ablaze in the bathroom around midnight when all were asleep.Unable to bear the pain, Sumitra started screaming for help and her husband Venkatesh, his first wife Gangamma, Sumitra's nephew Antony, 15, and Gangamma's son Srinivas Kumar, 16, who were sleeping in separate rooms, rushed to her rescue. They broke open the bathroom door and got the shock of their life to see Sumitra engulfed in fire.By then Sumitra panicked and tried to grab her husband who was attempting to put out the flames. She then rushed towards a shocked Antony and Srinivas Kumar and clutched them.As Sumitra collapsed on the ground, Antony and Srinivas started screaming as their clo-thes had caught fire by then. OnlyVenkatesh escaped with minor burns.Sumitra, Antony and Srinivas were rushed to Victoria Hospital where Sumitra breathed her last around 6 am. \"She had sustained more than 80% burns. Venkatesh who sustained burns on his hands and legs is able to walk. Both the boys are undergoing treatment in Victoria Hospital burns ward and are stated to be out of danger,\" police said.Police have registered a case of unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426278", "title": "Riya Sen wishes Salman Rushdie on b'day", "text": "Salman Rushdie turned 65 recently with a wild party in New York, but he was missing a special someone from Mumbai \u2014 Riya Sen .She has been in touch with him ever since they met at a Mumbai restaurant. When Riya wished her dearest 'r' a very happy birthday with \"Lots of love n hugs always\", Rushdie tweeted, \"wish you were here.\" It didn't stop there, as Riya replied, \"I wish too! I hope to see you soon.\" And Rushdie replied back, \"Yes! Soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422463", "title": "Helen Keller still inspiring many", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nothing could dampen the indomitable spirit of Helen Keller despite her physical disabilities. And many still remember her as an inspiration on her birthday on June 27. TOI gets talking to some of the residents who have read her works and are motivated by her and many who draw succour from the American author, who rose above her disabilities to become an achiever.\"In these times of vast economic disparities and a looming ecological crisis, children need examples of people throughout history like Helen Keller who committed their lives to justice -- bringing more equality and fairness to the world,\" said Dr B K Waraich, who works at a private hospital in MohaliRizak and Ameena Khan, an NRI couple from Sector 36 said, \"Our daughter is unable to speak since birth but she draws a lot of inspiration from Keller. She is in class taking X and is taking private tuitions. The movie, \"The Miracle Worker\" based on Keller's autobiography is one of her favourites and she has watched it a number of times as it gives her the strength to keep going.\"Vikram Sodhi, a resident of Sector 34, who has two nieces who are mentally challenged, informs both are currently pursuing their studies under the National School of Open Learning. \"We keep boosting their morale through inspirational stories by Keller. We had made a conscious effort to provide them with books written by the author and it has worked wonders in small ways.\"\"In life, it is so easy to just think about what we don't have rather than what we do, on our limitations rather than the opportunities we have. Keller is one of the most inspiring examples of someone who rose above various challenges to do something admirable, \"says Dr Irneet Kaur from PGI.\"Her strength and her struggle is an inspiration for people from all walks of life. She is not only a role model for the specially-abled but for everyone.\" Says Gurinder Mundi, an engineer, \"Character cannot be developed without struggle. Only through trials and tribulations can the soul be strengthened, ambition fired and success achieved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420790", "title": "Jundal told 26/11 attackers to say they were from Hyderabad locality", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abu Jundal, who was jointly questioned by NIA and Delhi Police on Tuesday at Lodi Road, told his interrogators that while teaching Hindi to the 10 terrorists in the Muzzafarabad training camp, he had asked them to \"introduce themselves as residents of Toli Chowki area in Hyderabad\" if somebody asked in Mumbai, sources said.Intelligence experts said Jundal may have asked the 10 men to use the name of the Hyderabad locality, which reportedly used to be a hub of Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists, to revive its name there. However, during questioning, Jundal claimed that he named the place (Toli Chowki) to the module as it came randomly to his mind.Jundal was staying in Riyadh since early 2010 as pressure was mounting for his arrest in Pakistan. In Riyadh, he was running a small taxi hire service business and was staying on a passport issued from Karachi. His name was mentioned as Riyasat Ali on the passport and he was there on a 'work visa'. Apart from the taxi hire business, Jundal was secretly recruiting young boys for Lashkar-e-Taiba.Sources said Jundal, a hardcore terrorist, is a hard nut to crack. Talking about his induction in Lashkar, Jundal claimed that he used to look after operational matters and had undergone two specific training - Daura-e-Aam (a 21-day basic combat course in Lashkar) and Daura-e-Sufa (a 21-day sectarian religious course) but he never went for Daura-e-Khaas (a three-month advanced combat course). \"He says that he has a back problem, so he could not have participated in active terror operations, so he did not undertake Daura-e-Khaas,\" said an officer.About the training programme, Jundal claimed that ISI officers used to be part of these camps and operational meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425817", "title": "The magic of Anand Bakshi comes live again", "text": "The upcoming film 'Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai' will see some unused works of the late lyricist Anand Bakshi in its soundtrack.Remember Rajesh Khanna crooning Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai from Shakti Samanta's film Kati Patang . The immortal song was written by the legendary Anand Bakshi. The late lyricist's magic is soon set to come live on screen once again.Interestingly Shakti Samanta's grandson Aditya Samanta is making his acting debut with a film titled Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai . The film also stars Sanjay Dutt's niece Nazia Hussain paired opposite Aditya. And the love story will see some of the unused works of Anand Bakshi being used in its soundtrack. Since Anand Bakshi had originally written the song Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai , the makers felt it would make sense to use some poetry written by the late lyricist to add value to their film.Anu Malik who is the music director of the film was elated to compose tunes for Anand Bakshi's lyrics. The duo has worked together on several projects in the past.In the recent past, Yash Chopra had employed some unused works of the late musician Madan Mohan in his film Veer-Zaara .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418463", "title": "Closure of railway goods shed sparks protest", "text": "NAGPUR: The sudden decision to close down goods shed at Nagpur railway station yard sparked protest from registered unions in the Central Railway on Tuesday.The goods shed, which the union claimed was running in profit, has been closed down without any notice from June 14. The National Railway Mazdoor Union (NRMU) staged demonstrations at the divisional railway manager (DRM) office on Tuesday.\"The closure of goods shed is an attempt to push railways towards privatization. The shed earned Rs 13 crore last year and there is no reason why it should be shut down,\" said Habib Khan, divisional secretary of NRMU.Khan said the decision would stress industrial relations across the Central Railway. It will not only create unemployment but would also affect railway revenue. \"If the decision is not reversed the NRMU will intensify agitation,\" Khan warned.Sr divisional commercial manager Mukul Kumar stated the closure was part of long term plan to develop station. He said alternative arrangements were made at Godhni before closure. Absence of goods shed will help develop more platforms at the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418538", "title": "Cost up, no respite from power cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power consumers in the capital were hit by a double whammy on Tuesday. Not only did DERC announce a tariff hike of 26% across all areas, but power consumption also touched a new high of 5,389 MW triggering outages in many areas due to the mismatch in demand and supply. The previous record was set on June 22 when power demand soared to 5,330 MW.For quite some time now, discoms have been struggling to keep pace with demand which has escalated almost every other day in the last 15 days. On Tuesday, power cuts ranging from 1 to four hours were reported from many areas. \"We had a two-hour power cut in the morning and another one-hour outage in the evening. The situation is only getting from bad to worse. We will have to shell out more for a service which doesn't seem to improve,\" said an angry Dwarka resident.Echoing residents' sentiments, experts say that with higher tariffs the least people expect is better service from discoms. \"Infrastructure upgradation and proper maintenance is critical specially when people are asked to cough up more every few months. Problems like breakdown of sub-stations, technical snags and tripping of lines have become routine. And discoms have done nothing but shift the blame on other agencies. If people continue to experience frequent power cuts after being told that tariff is up by 26%, the law and order situation may be affected,\" said a senior power sector expert.Another reason why the city is facing outages is because state-run power generation company NHPC has cut power supply to BSES discoms by 200 MW for failing to pay up outstanding dues. Other generating companies like DVC and NTPC have also threatened to snap supply if their dues are not cleared. Sources indicated that the default in payments was a major reason for DERC to announce the new tariffs hurriedly. \"If the supply is cut due to regulation of power from any source, the government will face the heat. Delhi government already made it clear that tariff revision was necessary,\" said a source.There has been an average annual increase of 8% in power demand in the last few years. As per the government's projection, it may cross the 5,500 MW mark this summer. Official records show that the power demand in 1905 was a mere 2MW which increased to 27MW in 1947. The peak demand touched 1,536 MW in 1992 while in 2001 the figure stood at 2,879 MW. In 2002, the power demand escalated to 3,097 MW while in 2007 it touched 4,030 MW. Last year, the demand went up to a high of 5,028 MW but the record was broken on May 25, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421414", "title": "Cops yet to nab man behind Liji's murder", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The probe to track down the person who attacked 19-year-old Liji of Varkala leading to her death has not reached anywhere. Liji succumbed to her injuries at the Medical College hospital here at midnight on Sunday. A J Thomas Kutty, superintendent of police, Thiruvananthapuram Rural, said police had questioned over 20 people in connection with the murder. According to one of Liji's colleagues, Liji had complained about being stalked by an unidentified man frequently. Liji had even shown her this man once. She said she could identify him.Police have recovered Liji's mobile phone and handed it over to the Cyber Cell. This was after the woman's family told police that an unidentified caller had contacted them on her phone while she was undergoing treatment in hospital and enquired about her wellbeing.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan, DGP Jacob Punnoose and SP A J Thomas Kutty visited Liji's family on Tuesday.The incident took place June 8. Liji, a resident of Mundayil (near Varkala), who was a salesgirl at a fancy ornament shop in Varkala was returning home when she was attacked by the person who had come on a motorcycle.On that fateful day, she noticed that she was being followed by someone on a motorcycle. The road was almost deserted as it was getting dark. Frightened, Liji took refuge in a nearby house and informed the residents of the situation. However, they saw no one outside.So, after waiting for some time, Liji resumed her walk home, and then her stalker made a reappearance. This time, he grabbed her by her hair and pulled her towards him. When she objected, he knocked her down and rode the bike over her body, inflicting serious injuries. He then fled the scene. The locals rushed Liji to the Varkala district hospital and then to the medical college hospital, where she was admitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14422766", "title": "Scotland Yard\u2019s app to help track rioters", "text": "LONDON: The Scotland Yard is planning to upload up to 2,800 CCTV images of people suspected of committing crimes in last year's London riots onto its smartphone app so that the public can help the police track down those who remain unpunished.The free Facewatch ID app developed with facial recognition software will help identify people behind crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419238", "title": "Parents, keep watch on your kids, says inspector general of police", "text": "PANAJI: Inspector general of police (IGP) Sanjay Singh on Tuesday called for concerted efforts to keep youth away from drugs. He also emphasized the role of parents in keeping tabs on their high school and college-going children.Singh said that not only youngsters, but parents too should be educated about the evil of drugs.A large number of students participated in a rally from Miramar circle to Azad Maidan, where a street play was staged. Participants carried flags, leaflets and posters spreading the message against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. Organized by the anti-narcotics cell, around 200 volunteers, including students from Hedgewar High School, Kasturba School, Rosary High School and Institute of Instruction, Mala, as well as forces such as the Goa police, home guards and civil defence volunteers, participated in the rally, which carried messages of \"Say no to drugs\" and \"Live a healthy and happy life\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425785", "title": "Charlie Sheen didn't rampage hotel room, says rep", "text": "Charlie Sheen's manager has rubbished reports that the actor trashed a hotel room at the Manhattan Ritz this weekend during a drug and hooker-fueled bender.Sheen was in town with his former wife Denise Richards and their daughters Sam, 8, and Lola, 3.\"It's not true. I spoke to the hotel and there was no damage to the room. We checked out and everything was fine,\" the New York Daily News quoted Sheen's manager Mark Burg as saying.\"There were no escorts. There was nothing,\" he said.The vigorous rebuttal came after Sheen, 46, embarked on the weekend-long party in his Ritz suite with drugs and \"plenty\" of escorts at his disposal, Us Weekly reported.\"He totally trashed the hotel room,\" a source told the publication.\"Escorts were seen coming and leaving... In the end, Charlie was told that he wasn't welcome at another Ritz property ever again,\" the source said.However, Sheen's representative has vehemently denied the claims.\"Charlie enjoyed quality time with his family this weekend including the Yankee/Met baseball game Friday night.\"He hosted a dinner Monday night for family and friends in his hotel suite with food delivered by Da Tommaso on 8th Avenue,\" the rep said.The erratic 46-year-old star infamously trashed his hotel room of the Plaza Hotel back in fall 2010 -- with a female escort looking on in horror, and with Richards and the girls just a few doors away.Yet, shortly after their Friday arrival, Sheen reportedly bailed on family time for most of the weekend-instead embarking on yet another drug-fueled, weekend-long party in his hotel room at the Ritz with plenty of female escorts to keep him company.According to reports, Sheen had promised Richards, 41, that he would be on his best behaviour after the family's notorious 2010 Manhattan trip ended with police responding to Sheen's coke-fueled rampage at the Plaza. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422261", "title": "MP Congress adopts BJP poster war strategy", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress in Madhya Pradesh has adopted a new political weapon from the Sanjay Joshi versus Narendra Modi BJP hoardings war.A week after the Sanjay Joshi poster war hit the Madhya Pradesh capital sending shock waves through the ranks of the ruling-BJP in the state, the Congress here adopted the same billboards battle strategy to mount an attack on Shivraj Singh Chouhan government.The BJP woke-up on Tuesday to find that the Congress leader of Opposition Ajay Singh has put-up billboards at every thoroughfare in the city targeting chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for his alleged links with a billionaire builder Dilip Suryavanshi and another mining titan and BJP leader Sudhir Sharma, who are at present under the Income Tax department scanner.Last week, the IT department conducted a three-day long search spreading over 60 premises and offices belonging to Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma recovering huge amount of cash, valuables and jewellery.Suryavanshi is known to be close to a number of BJP leaders in the state, including chief minister Chouhan. The annual turn-over of his company Dilip Buildcon in 2003 was Rs 13 crore which rose to over Rs 1,000 crore in the year 2011-12.The Congress' posters at the main crossroads asked: 7.5 crore people of Madhya Pradesh have questions for chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Is it true that Dilip Suryavanshi in whose possession the I-T department unearthed massive wealth and property has been your friend and financer for the past 20 years? Sudhir Sharma was just a teacher in a college but today he owns crores of rupees and a private airplane? That during your rule Dilip Suryavanshi purchased 3,000 acres of land? In 2003 Suryavanshi had 12 dumper trucks and today he owns 1,820 such Lorries? You always claimed that politics to you was not business but religion - how then did Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma become multi-billionaires under your regime?''Posters asking these difficult questions have been installed on the day of the chief minister's scheduled return from a ten-day three-nation visit to invite investors to the state.Chouhan landed in New Delhi from Singapore on Tuesday afternoon. He is expected to reach the state capital by Tuesday night or Wednesday morning. The Congress' posters will welcome him at every main crossing in the state capital. One such poster has been put-up only a stone's throw from his official residence.After submitting a memorandum to state governor, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh said \" We have demanded a CBI inquiry into the business deals of both the businessmen to unearth their links with the ruling party leaders\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14420080", "title": "Make stand clear on Western Ghats report: HC to Centre", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday directed the central government to specify what it plans to do concerning the state's suggestions on the Gadgil report on the Western Ghats wildlife corridor.A division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was hearing a public interest litigation filed by the Awaaz Foundation to declare the 22-km stretch of the Sawantwadi-Dodamarg wildlife corridor as an ecologically sensitive area.The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel, headed by ecologist Madhav Gadgil has recommended that the Western Ghats be declared ecologically sensitive and a complete ban be imposed on mining leases.Naveena Kumai, the advocate for the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), told court that the Centre would require four more months to decide on the report's recommendations as it involve six states - Maharashtra, Gujarat, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu - through which the Western Ghats run. She said the Tamil Nadu and Karnataka administrations are yet to respond with their suggestions on the report.\"This is a sensitive issue. The central government must insist upon these states to forward their recommendations,\" said Justice Sinha. In their order, the judges have directed the central government to accelerate the process to get the suggestions from those states which have not yet sent them.Awaaz's advocate Mohana Nair submitted that the Centre's moratorium on new projects, including mining, in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts would expire on June 30.However, Kumai said the government would extend it by three months.Kumai submitted that MoEF would be in a position to decide on the Gadgil report only after receiving suggestions from all six states.The judges, however, directed the Centre to file an affidavit in three weeks, responding to the Maharashtra government's suggestions. They concurred with activist Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz that there was no point in waiting for all six states to respond to the report as the petition concerned the wildlife corridor in Maharashtra.Counsel Y S Jahagirdar, appearing for an intervenor who has a mining lease, said the Centre cannot take an independent decision for Maharashtra. \"There cannot be different standards for Maharashtra and Gujarat,\" he said. The matter will next be heard on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "14420096", "title": "Cop on patrol stabbed to death near Kollam", "text": "KOLLAM: A police team has left for Tamil Nadu day after an unidentified gang fatally stabbed an on-duty senior civil police officer and injured an assistant sub-inspector on Tuesday., a team of investigators from Kollam has left for Tamil Nadu in search of the culprits.Police identified the deceased as The gang had stabbed senior civil police officer Maniyan Pillai (49). to death and seriously injured ASI K Joy (51) was seriously injured. The police team was on night patrol when they were assaulted.According to police, the incident happened at Jawahar Junction, near Kulamada in Parippally around 1.30 am. The police team spotted an Omni van with registration number K L 02 7369 under suspicious circumstances. The police checked the van and found three armed men inside.When the cops ordered them to come out, one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Joy. Manyan Pillai jumped into the fray trying to seize the knife from the assailant. However, he was overpowered by the man and received fatal injuries on his chest. The three men then fled the scene.Policemen from nearby Paripally and Ayoor police stations soon arrived on the spot and took Maniyan Pillai to a private hospital at Chathanoor. However, he died on the way to the hospital. Joy, who was seriously injured, was later admitted to a private hospital at Mevaram. He underwent a surgery and hospital sources said that he is out of danger.Police launched an intense search and found the car abandoned at Kannamba-Pullani road near Varkala. The police also found a registration book from the car and retrieved iron rods, knives of various sizes, screwdrivers, sprays and cutting tools.Kollam city police commissioner Debesh Kumar Behera has taken charge of the investigation. Police said a team under Kollam East SI, S Jayakrishnan, is searching for the suspects in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422875", "title": "\u2018Death Trap\u2019 lies ignored along Raj Bhawan road", "text": "BHOPAL: A large pit hole along the main Raj Bhawan road has been unattended by the civic authorities for over a week.As VIPs, motorists and commuters use the road the pit can turn into death trap once rains come and the road is full of water. Adjacent to the boundary wall of the Raj Bhawan near state archaeology department office, the open pit hole some 5 feet wide, had the civic authorities' eyes-shut. Nearby office workers, suggested that the pit was opened for pre-monsoon cleaning of the sewage line, well over a week ago. The civic authorities instead of covering the pit have put about half a dozen stones as a mark of caution to passer bys. However, with little or no street light the pit-hole is situated on the downslide which is not visible from a fair distance to speeding motorists.Shedding its responsibility, Bhopal Municipal Corporation spokesperson Virendra Tiwari said, \"The sewage line comes under the public works department.\"Public works department (PWD) chief architect, Shashikant Nemade said, \"Indeed it poses a serious risk but it may have been left open for maintenance work. I will have to check with the responsible officers for an update.\" However, he did not comment on whether anyone would be penalised for the lapse. A PWD executive engineer responsible for maintenance works in the division number 1 could not be contacted. \"It is one of the few roads in the city which has a 24x7 police presence and regular VIP movement but still the authorities cannot notice this death trap,\" said a passerby Naresh Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14419276", "title": "South Goa collector directs staff via video chat", "text": "MARGAO: After lying in limbo for quite some time, the video conferencing system that was inaugurated by then chief minister Digambar Kamat with much fanfare in July last year, has now become functional at the South Goa collectorate.South Goa collector N D Agarwal has begun to hold meetings with his administrative staff over video-conferencing quite regularly.\"We have put the facility to use to hold our staff meetings, especially with the taluka mamlatdars. We hold meetings through video-conferencing regularly, at least twice a month, if not weekly. It has been quite effective, particularly in terms of saving time and man-hours,\" Agarwal told TOI.The district magistrate held a meeting with the taluka mamlatdars and health officials through video conferencing on Monday and discussed with them various issues ranging from monsoon calamities to health matters.Expressing his concern over the reported rise in malaria cases in Margao, Agarwal instructed the mamlatdars of all talukas in South Goa to ensure that there was no stagnation of water in the areas within their jurisdiction and to provide necessary assistance to the health authorities.Pointing out to the order that was issued by him earlier under Section 144 of the CrPC, directing the public to dispose all unused coconut shells before June 8, Agarwal directed the mamlatdars to ensure strict compliance of the directives. Anand Palekar, deputy director, national vector borne diseases control programme (NVBDCP), directorate of health services (DHS), dwelled at length about the preventive measures that need to be taken to control the outbreak of vector-borne diseases. He also urged the mamlatdars to hold awareness programmes for the public to educate them about the steps to be taken to control the spread of diseases like jaundice, cholera , etc.The district collector instructed mamlatdars to ensure that ration cards are issued within seven days of the receipt of applications. Responding to complaints from mamlatdars about inadequate staff delaying the exercise, Agarwal pointed out that the government has already started the exercise of providing additional staff.Agarwal later told TOI that the process of issuing ration cards will be automated once the infrastructural facilities and software development is put in place. \"It will take some time to switch over from manual to digital, but until that is done, I have directed all mamlatdars to strictly ensure a seven-day deadline. Besides, I have also directed the mamlatdars to conduct a village-level tour to clear backlog of mutation applications,\" Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426344", "title": "Fake stories of Big B's death doing rounds of net", "text": "A blog reported that Amitabh Bachchan died in a road accident. However the story of his accidental death is a planned and planted affair.Just last week rumours were doing rounds of the internet and social media that superstar Rajesh Khanna is no more. Earlier this year there was a similar hullabaloo on the social media circuit about the demise of Lata Mangeshkar. And now the internet has found a new victim.A blog reported the death of Bollywood's biggest star Amitabh Bachchan some time back. However like in earlier cases, even this was a false alarm. What's surprising is that it wasn't a small tweet or post that led to the start of this rumour. The blog was descriptive enough about the fictional death and went on to give details about the death claiming that it was a road accident on Route 80 between Morristown and Roswell. It was a case of instant death and the site even went ahead to post a picture of an upturned car.The blog didn't stop at that but went on to add details about the funeral being a closed casket one because of the severity of the injury to Big B . Expectedly the news caught like fire on the social media and everyone was talking about the accidental death of Amitabh Bachchan (which actually was a planned and planted story).Meanwhile Amitabh Bachchan is hale and hearty and has been tweeting often though he hasn't commented about this death story yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420297", "title": "Equipment arrives for integrated security system", "text": "JAIPUR: After a wait of almost a year, the authorities of the north western railways (NWR) has started getting the equipment needed to install integrated security system at its four major railway stations including - Jaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur and Bikaner. Authorities say that by September end the system would be operational in Jaipur and by December all the four railway stations would be interconnected through the system.Under the system, these railway stations would have the security equipment of international standards for which a budget of nearly Rs 9 crore has been allocated.On Tuesday, the Jaipur division of NWR got its X-ray machines. \"We have already got the X-ray machines for the Jaipur railway station on Tuesday. This is just the beginning as we are aiming to have the integrated security system in place for Jaipur by September and if all things arrive on time, by December the four stations would be inter-connected,\" said Lalit Bohara, chief public relations officer, NWR.With this, NWR would be a pioneer railway zone to have integrated security system in the country. \"South-eastern and south central railways do have some of the machinery but they don't have an integrated system,\" said a senior officer.Elaborating on the equipment needed for the system, Sanjay Kishor, chief security commissioner, NWR, said, \"The four aspects of the integrated security system would include closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras, bomb disposal squad, baggage screening and access check within the railway station premises and parking lots.\"\"All these things would be on internet and would be monitored by the senior authorities in case of sudden rush at the railway station, suspicious activities and other law and order problems,\" he added.NWR sources said the tenders for procuring equipment ranging from close circuit cameras to be installed at various platforms, X-ray machines, scanners, baggage scanners, frame photography inside vehicles parked near the station and explosive censors at the parking lots have already been done.Authorities said that all these four stations were tagged as 'top priority' since the footfall at these places is quite high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "14422694", "title": "Arpinder\u2019s last chance to hop on Olympic pit", "text": "GND STADIUM: The triple jump ace from Ludhiana Arpinder Singh did clinch his gold medal at the national senior athletic meet in Hyderabad recently, but fell short of going beyond the Olympic qualification distance of 16.8m, scaling 15.90m. But, Arpinder's efforts to qualify for the Olympics would get another shot at the Asian All Star Athletics Championship in Kazakhstan, as he leaves for the transcontinental country on June 27.\"It would be my last chance to qualify for Olympics and I would give my best shot,\" says Arpinder, who earlier missed a qualifying chance at an athletic meet in Thailand. The 20-year-old is in New Delhi these days training hard achieve his immediate goal this Olympics. \"Failing this year would mean to wait for the next Olympics, which is too long a time for me to wait. Hyderabad meet was a good exposure with healthy competition from best Indian athletes,\" he adds.Arpinder says his coach S S Pannu has been working with him consistently, giving him tips and the much needed motivation every day. \"Kazakhstan is important since it is his last chance to prove that he has the potential to scale longer jumps to take the country' pride higher,\" Pannu says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425091", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan's 786 connection!", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan got nostalgic while posting his 786th tweet. 786 has played a very significant role in some of his movies.The actor on Tuesday night tweeted, ``This auspicious number among our Muslim -brothers and sisters, was played out first in ' Deewar ' and the ' Coolie ' .. a savior Bachchan informs, ``In Deewar the 786 Billa in his coat pocket saved him when he was shot at .. when it dropped out in the climax, he was shot and died. Coolie climax, the ' chaadar' draped over his body though shot at saved him .. many stories that relate to 786 the badge on his shirt as a coolie was kept by him(bachchan) .. the climax of Deewar shot at Ballard Pier during all night shoots.''The actor worked two shifts shooting for Sholay during the day and Deewar and night. The actor said,``Climax of Deewar all night shoot in Mumbai till 6AM..then straight to airport, fly to Bangalore and shoot all day for Sholay . This shooting all night for Deewar in Mumbai and all next morning in Bangalore, went on for 1 week .. !! Excitement !!The actor also tweeted the significiance of 786 - He tweeted, ``the Muslim brothers and sisters when they write on paper always write 786 on top as an auspicious beginning.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14421916", "title": "Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission to reform recruitment process", "text": "TRICHY: Reforms in the recruitment process conducted by the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission (TNPSC) will soon use biometric details of aspiring candidates and make the whole process transparent through an online interactive system, TNPSC chairman R Nataraj said.Nataraj was in Trichy on Tuesday to hold a meeting with all the seven district collectors (Perambalur, Ariyalur, Karur, Pudukkottai, Thanjavur, Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam) in view of the forthcoming Group IV exams scheduled on July 7. He shared his views on how the commission was moving towards a more secure and transparent system. Nataraj however chose to attribute all the success that he had achieved so far to the proliferation of technology and said that the reform process, set in motion after 30 years, must gain momentum in the long run so as to avoid impersonation, a major impediment to the process.Talking about the forthcoming exams, he said he had created more than 5,000 centres in the state. A centre accommodating more than 1,000 candidates would be considered to be sensitive and would be subjected to web-casting in addition to recording the exam process on video. In the districts, the number of exam centres had increased from 104 to 244 now. The question papers would be transported to the sub-registries and on the day of the exam they would taken to the respective exam centres in protected mobile vans. The protective seal would be opened in the presence of officials and the answer papers would be sealed in the same fashion, he explained.Interestingly, answers to the questions would be uploaded on the official website soon after the exam is over. Candidates would be given a week's time if an answer to a particular question is disputable. The disputed answers would be referred to an expert panel which would finalize on the appropriate answer and then post it online, Nataraj explained. At present, there were 7,371 posts in Group-IV that were up for grabs and the process to recruit another 15,000-odd people would start in the next phase. Similarly, the commission would advertise for recruiting around 1,300 village administrative officers in September and was expected around 15 lakh applications. Since the volume of applications was huge, conducting all the exams online would be a huge job, given the present level of infrastructure availability. According to him, the hall tickets for the July 7 Group-IV exams could be downloadable in a couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422155", "title": "Commerce colleges' merit list declared", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Commerce colleges in the city declared on Tuesday the first merit list for admission in first year BCom. The cut-off remained high with top colleges ending admission over 75 per cent marks while other colleges giving out admission to students above 65 per cent.The highest merit cut-off was at HL College of Commerce where the admission was granted to students with 78 per cent. Cut-off at HA College of Commerce stood at 75.14 per cent, GLS College at 77 per cent, CU Shah College of Commerce at 75.28 per cent and CC Sheth College of Commerce at 67.45 per cent.The merit was higher in English medium colleges as compared to Gujarati medium colleges. Officials said this is because more Gujarati medium students wanted to pursue under-graduate studies in English for better career prospects.Students will be given Wednesday and Thursday to pay the fee and secure admission in a college, the second merit list will be declared on June 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "14418261", "title": "Tractor collides with truck in Lalitpur, 7 killed", "text": "JHANSI: At least seven persons were killed and 42 injured, when the tractor on which they were travelling collided head on with a truck in Lalitpur's Anjara village. Of the 42 injured, the condition of four is said to be critical. The dead include two men, two women and three children.As per SO Kotwali, Lalitpur, a tractor loaded with 55 persons was going from village Anora to Anjara at around 1.00 p.m. to perform some religious rituals. As it was moving on the highway, a truck which was coming from behind, in a bid to overtake the tractor hit it from behind and as a result the tractor overturned. Seven persons died on the spot, while rest were injured in which four critically injured persons have been referred to Jhansi. The truck has been seized and his driver has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14426487", "title": "Farm machinery brings cheer to tribal farmers", "text": "PANAJI: Tribal farmers from remote areas of the state's southernmost taluka of Canacona and also from Dhulapi in central Goa had smiles on their faces as eight groups were distributed agricultural machineries by Indian council of agricultural research (ICAR) Old Goa.N P Singh, director, ICAR Goa said the assistance has been provided under the tribal sub plan and from a budget of Rs 75 lakh.Farm mechanization is a major issue in the state due to lack of manpower and drudgery of manual work. \"The project is aimed at uplifting the status of of ST farming community,\" he said.The beneficiaries should concentrate on secondary agricultural activities and post harvest processing of the produce to reap better profits. \"The setting up of a modern mini rice mill will benefit rice producers to get value-added products,\" Singh said.Ramesh Tawadkar,Minister for Tribal welfare handed over the power tillers, reapers, sprayers and accessories to the beneficiaries under the tribal sub plan programme. \"Farmers should adopt improved agricultural practices for their economic upliftment,\" he said.Datta Prasad Kholker, deputy chairman, planning commission, Goa government, urged the tribal farmers to incorporate animal husbandry activities to enhance their income level.In another function at Krishi Vigyan Kendra campus of ICAR research complex, Old Goa, 42 stakeholders of Sateri farmers club, Dhulapi hamlet of Corlim were handed over farm machineries,tools and equipments and agriculture inputs such as red kernel rice seeds and fertilizers. Farmers from Mandur and Carambolim will be considered for distribution of machineries later.A technical folder in Marathi on \"Pest management in black pepper\" written by Chidanand Prabhu (SMS-Plant Potection) was released. Soil health cards of 12 farmers from Dhulapi were also distributed by M M Pandey, deputy director general, agricultural engineering (ICAR) New Delhi.Singh urged Corlim sarpanch, Supriya Kerker and corporates in the areas to set up a common market outlet for women, who stand on the roadside to sell their produce throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420897", "title": "Fresh trouble for Gowda as rebel ministers get resignation letters ready", "text": "BANGALORE: There's fresh rebel trouble brewing for chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. The Yeddyurappa camp is likely to up the ante to oust him, by tendering their resignations to Gowda en masse.But this time, the Gowda camp is planning to counter it with a master strategy. In a bid to keep the chief minister's post, the camp now plans to throw the contest open, by floating party president KS Eshwarappa as a contender for the hot seat. More than 12 MLAs led by Suresh Kumar and Aravind Limbavali have urged him to join the fray, in case the higher-ups decide to change the CM. One of the plans of this camp is to make Eshwarappa chief minister and Jagadish Shettar -- the dissident camp candidate -- party president.This comes on the back of news that former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's loyalists -- ministers Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, CM Udasi, Shobha Karandlaje, MP Renukacharya, Narasimha Naik, Umesh V Katti and V Somanna - have reportedly planned to resign to convey to BJP leaders in New Delhi that Gowda should be replaced immediately.Unlike their earlier resignation drama, this time, the eight ministers would be handing over their letters to the chief minister himself, in a day or two. As a pressure tactic, these ministers last month gave their resignation letters to their leader Yeddyurappa. Party sources said state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa has been asked by the BJP bosses in New Delhi to prepare a report on the political situation in the party.Dissidents in huddle todayWith Yeddyurappa undergoing treatment at Jindal Nature Cure Institute, the dissidents - both ministers and legislators -- are likely to meet at Udasi's residence on Tuesday to chalk out a plan. On Wednesday, the former CM is expected to hold a meeting at his residence, before BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan comes to the city on June 28.Pradhan is expected to take the opinion of the rebel camp, which is on a mission to remove Sadananda Gowda, and been demanding that he convene the legislature party meeting so they can air their dissent and formally elect a new leader.The rebel camp had vowed to take their demand to its logical end, however, top leaders in the BJP are said to have told them to drop the plan by giving an assurance that the party would take an appropriate decision at the appropriate time. Eshwarappa's two-hour meeting with the former CM on Sunday also added to the speculation that the BJP may seriously discuss the leadership change issue.If dissident activities take a serious turn, Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh could also arrive in the first week of July. Gowda has maintained that he has no issues in convening a legislature party meeting, but norms have to be followed. When contacted, Eshwarappa declined to comment.The rebel camp is projecting rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) Jagadish Shettar, another Lingayat strongman, as a replacement for Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418508", "title": "Civic polls: 53% turn out at four booths in Kharika", "text": "LUCKNOW: Repolling in Lucknow's Kharika ward passed off peacefully on Tuesday, three days after the State Election Commission suspended polling following violence in which two groups clashed in the ward.According to additional district election officer, DK Pandey, the four booths -- 198, 198A, 199 and 199A -- recorded 53% polling on the day. Pandey said that the district administration had arranged adequate police personnel to ensure that polling passes off peacefully.Likewise, repolling also passed off peacefully in Meerut and Etawah where polling had to be stopped on June 24 after incidents of violence were reported from some of the polling centres. While in Etawah, miscreants had barged into a polling booth in Etawah and tore off ballot papers, incidents of clashes were reported from four polling booths in Meerut. Joint commissioner, state election commission, JP Singh said that adequate security measures were put in place at the polling booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419463", "title": "RTI reply nails lie about Chidambaram-N Chandrababu Naidu Telangana meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: A recent RTI reply received from the Union home ministry has contradicted the claim of home minister P Chidambaram over political consultations related to the Telangana issue. An RTI activist from the state had sought to know if Chidambaram had met TDP supremo N Chandrababu Naidu anytime since November 2009 and also requested for details if there was any such meeting.In its reply, which was dispatched on June 15, the Union home ministry replied that there had not been a single meeting between Naidu and Chidambaram since November 2009.On May 2, during a discussion in Lok Sabha , Chidamabaram had stated that he consulted various party leaders on the Telangana issue including Naidu. This had immediately created a furore with many pro-Telangana leaders accusing Naidu of holding a secret meeting with Chidambaram and opposing a separate state demand. However, Naidu denied meeting Chidambaram on the issue.RTI activist Rakesh Reddy Dubbudu, who had filed the query, said \"The idea behind filing this RTI was that people should know the truth about the meeting between Chidambaram and Naidu. The Telangana issue is a very important one and this reply has only created more confusion. If indeed there was no official meeting between the duo as stated by the Union ministry, then the opposition MPs should move a privilege motion against Chidambaram for lying on the floor of the House. If there was any unofficial meeting between them then Chidambaram should come clear on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422138", "title": "SIT objects to Teesta's inspecting report for Zakia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) on Tuesday strongly opposed social activist Teesta Setalvad's request to the court to permit her to inspect the final report as power of attorney (PoA) holder of complainant Zakia Jafri.The metropolitan court has granted permission to Zakia's lawyers to inspect the original report submitted by the SIT in court. Setalvad had sought permission too for the same and submitted PoA given by Zakia for the purpose. The court had kept the issue for arguments whether Setalvad could be permitted.Zakia was given a copy of the report last month, but she claimed that certain documents were missing and sought inspection of the original report for verification.Arguing for the SIT, advocate R S Jamuvar said that there was no provision for PoA in criminal procedure. The lawyer also cited news clippings of Setalvad's former aide Rais Khan's defamation case and argued that Khan had alleged her of paying money to witnesses. He claimed that if Setalvad was permitted to inspect the report, the SIT would apprehend tampering with evidence.Senior counsel Mihir Desai, who appeared for Setalvad and Zakia, was quick to counter this argument and submitted that the SIT had been objecting to Setalvad's involvement much before the news was published. He also argued that SIT's reliance on Khan's complaint could not be understood, unless it supplied the news.Advocate Desai again put emphasis on the missing documents and requested the court to direct the SIT to supply all interim reports, including SIT member A K Malhotra's report of 2010, in which the probe agency had initially suspected that the accused persons, including chief minister Narendra Modi , were involved in the 2002 riots.The senior counsel argued that the complainant must be provided with all those documents on basis of which the SIT had changed its opinion and finally gave a clean chit to Modi. Without possession of those documents revealing why SIT had contradictory opinions, it would be difficult for Zakia to file a protest petition.Besides, advocate Desai submitted that there were certain testimonies recorded, but had not been supplied to Zakia. He also requested the court to ask the SIT to supply another copy of illegible documents and those CDs that do not function.Desai also submitted that Setalvad is conversant with the case and she has been authorized by the complainant to inspect the documents on her behalf. Her presence would only expedite the process. But the SIT reiterated its objection to the social activist's presence.Further hearing has been kept on July 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418866", "title": "DU admissions: Most book a seat, wait for second list", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though many students could not get admission into the college or course of their choice thanks to the high cutoffs, most decided to secure a seat wherever they qualified and wait till the second cutoff list was out.Rashi Jha chose to settle for BCom (pass) for the time being. \"I want to study BCom(H) but the cutoff for that is above 94%. I am taking admission into BCom (pass) for now,\" said Jha, who took admission to Gargi College. \"I will wait for the next cutoff list and if my percentage qualifies the eligibility criteria, I will switch to the course of my choice,\" she said.Missing the cutoff for economics at Sri Venkateswara College by a mark, Anisha, too, decided to take up history (H) instead. \"I am hoping the cutoff will come down in the second list and then I can take admission to economics,\" she said.Akash Jain who scored a 94.5%, hopes he is able to change to the college of his choice after the second list comes out. He took admission to Shaheed Bhagat Singh College on Monday as he did not qualify for BCom (H) at the colleges of his choice. \"My first choice was Hansraj or Hindu. But when I saw the cutoff list in the newspaper this morning, I realized I only qualify for Bhagat Singh. I am hoping to get admission to these colleges after the second list is out,\" said Jain, who is from Ujjain.However, some like Ruaani Malhotra decided to wait for the second cutoff list. \"I am short of one mark to make it to BCom (H) at Bhagat Singh College. I am hoping that in the second cutoff list I qualify,\" she said.Dean of student's welfare, J M Khurrana, advised that students should take admission now and not wait for the second cutoff list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426568", "title": "GFS Sumer School 2012 starts in West Bengal and Assam", "text": "Globsyn Finishing School's (GFS) Sumer School 2012 has started. This year the courses will be conducted across six locations in West Bengal and Assam. Starting with a small batch of around 250-300 students in 2004, Summer School now annually trains more than 3000 students from 97 engineering colleges across 14 states in India.Based on a scientifically researched pedagogy of Knowledge Finishing School (KFS) System, GFS curriculum takes their students through four stages of learning; acquisition, application, managing and performance. Such a learner centric programme ensures that the students not only excel in academics but also increase their employability quotient through relevant life and work skills.On offer are varied independent technology tracks ranging from Dot Net, Java, JEE, Oracle, PLC, PHP -MySQL, Networking etc, making it a one-of-its-kind 'industry readiness programme'. Newer technology such as cloud computing , mobile application, VLSI design, robotics etc, will also be introduced soon.During GFS's Summer School, not only do the students learn through classroom training but also they get opportunity to interact with like minded peers coming from 14 states through GFS's portal -www.gfscommunity.com. Through this private social networking portal, meant only for GFS students, they can interact with their faculty during their 'virtual work hours', learn and share content, participate in technology forums and webinars.Launched in 2004, under the then brand Globsyn Practice School, in response to the demand for professionally driven technology programme tracks for engineering students, GFS has had a phenomenal growth story riding on the strength of their KFS pedagogy that is used by their experienced faculty from the industry.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419889", "title": "Look Ma! I'm a superhero", "text": "KOLKATA: Twenty-five-year-old Moulali resident Shireen Abdul was taken aback when 10-year-old Desmond went down on his knees and proposed with a 'heart-shaped' ring one evening. The schoolboy would not budge until Shireen said yes.Howrah resident Meenal Kapoor was shocked when her four-year-old son Rakshit stood on a window ledge to strap on his 'bamboo-copter' and \"take flight\", much like his favourite animation character. The fall has not dampened the kid's craze for the cartoon.To the dismay of young parents like Meenal, young kids like Rakshit and Desmond are increasingly imitating popular animation characters like Shinchan, Nobita, Doraemon and Chhota Bheem.Fed on a daily diet of Japanese and Indian animation, the children are not only behaving like the cartoon characters, they are even speaking the same strange accented Hindi in which the Japanese animation are dubbed.\"I monitor what Rakshit watches on TV but it doesn't help as advertisements, too, influence his behaviour. He behaves like he is some superman on a mission and speaks like the characters do. In fact, Rakshit calls himself Chhota Bheem. He asks his father to get laddoos for him every day because Chhota Bheem loves them,\" said Meenal, whose son is in upper-nursery in a prestigious school on AJC Bose Road.Yet, it is perhaps Meenal who is responsible for getting her son hooked on TV. In most houses, mothers switch on channels like Pogo, Hungama, Cartoon Network , Nickelodeon, Animax and Disney to keep the children engaged so that they can do the daily household chores without hassle.\"It comes in particularly handy when you have to feed the children. Without the TV, I cannot even imagine how I can get Kushan to sit during a meal,\" said Rachana Debnath.Sneha Tiwari, a nursery teacher at another prominent school in south Kolkata, admits children are fast losing their diversity and behave and speak the same way since they all watch the same animation serials. In pre-schools, too, the course-curriculum has become audio-visual oriented. \"Even rhymes are taught in AV format,\" said Sneha, who remembers how a five-year-old boy in her class thrashed his classmate because he was a \"naughty kid\".\"He was simply following his favourite animation character Chhota Bheem who believes in bashing up bad people,\" she pointed out.Sneha's younger sister Vishakha is a pre-school teacher in Howrah and agrees with her sister. \"The age group I deal with is from three to five years and I must say that these kids lose their innocence very early. At such a tender age, they want to have girlfriends and boyfriends and they are better than their parents at operating gadgets. They watch television with double the attention of an adult and process the information very quickly,\" said Vishakha.Not just TV, the new generation kids are wizards at operating computers, cellphones and even 'tablets'. In most cases, it is parents who are responsible for introducing them to these gadgets to \"keep them engaged\" and out of their way.Ranita Nanda's seven-year-old son Debbanik is a television addict and refuses to eat or sleep if the TV is switched off. \"He does not want to study and speaks a very rustic Hindi that is spoken on the streets, which is certainly an unhealthy practice. TV has not done kids any good and I would rate the influence 99.9% bad,\" said Ranita.Shireen agrees. Her young cousins, too, are influenced by television content. \"My six-year-old niece wants to dress-up like her favourite actress and is finicky about friends she wants to mingle with. She fancies that she is some movie star or princess. I remember how my friend cuddled her and she pushed her saying 'mujhe jaane do...mujhe chhod do (let me go...leave me)'. Nobody in my family talks in such filmy Hindi,\" the freelance graphic designer confided.Picnic Garden resident Catherine Spratt finds it very tough to make her 11-year-old son Joshua sit down to study as he is always busy watching sci-fi and action movies on TV.He digs movies like The Transformers, The Avengers, Spider-man and literally lives in the make-believe world of movies. \"He is often engrossed in his thoughts and does not want to study. He asks weird questions like if the television can turn into an aeroplane and practices boxing moves,\" said Catherine. Joshua is a Class V student at a school in Park Street and loves playing with his 'Transformer' toys every day.TV feeds a child's fancies and gives life to an imaginary world. \"Life is not like their imaginary world. Children do not understand the difference between reality and imagination and soak in everything portrayed on television as gospel. They lose touch with reality and that is where the problem lies,\" said Meenal, who believes that the content on television should portray reality and not fiction.Indiana University in US recently surveyed 400 kids, aged 7 to 12 years to see if there is a co-relation between the time spent on television and the child's self-esteem. The study showed that prolonged exposure to stereotypical portrayal of television characters - male characters hold positions of power and women characters who are often sexualized and are supposed to 'look good' - shapes young mind in a certain way which affects their self-esteem later in life.Gargi Bandyopadhyay, child and adolescent psychiatrist, holds parents entirely responsible. \"Parents give cell-phones and gadgets to children at an early age which makes the child physically inactive. Instead, they should encourage outdoor activities to keep them mentally and physically sound as well as social,\" she said.Gargi believes that a child needs parents above all else but the latter skirt responsibility, compensating their absence with gadgets. \"This will only make kids introverts and loners later in life,\" she warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14424053", "title": "Ranbir's Barfi too grim, needs a spark", "text": "Film delayed again as producers cave in to concerns about its unconventional content Anurag Basu's film Barfi starring Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra and Ileana D'Cruz, which has been in the making for nearly 16 months now, has once again been postponed. This time by at least a fortnight.First, it was Imtiaz Ali's Ranbir-starrer Rockstar for which Basu repeatedly sacrificed his dates. Next, it was Priyanka Chopra who had difficulty keeping aside three to four days needed to complete the film. And now the inside buzz is there's much behindthe-scenes debate over Barfi's unconventional content, so much so producers UTV are insisting on lightening the mood of the film some more. While Anurag and Ranbir have repeatedly said Barfi is not a grim and dark film, the producers still believe Ranbir's character needs lightening up. A source close to the film said, \"Barfi , for all the claims by its makers and actors is finally about physical and emotional handicaps.\" Apparently, a repair job is in the offing. \"Some additional music is being recorded. And some light-hearted scenes featuring Ranbir and Priyanka will have to be shot,\" said our source. Anurag Basu chose to be defensive: \"So many other films that have started after me, including Karan Johar's Student of the Year are not complete. A false perception is being created that I am taking longer to complete this film than necessary.\" He did admit though that some shooting is still left to be done. \"There's a couple of days of patchwork shooting left. We're working on the editing, background music and post-production of the film,\" he said. Asked whether the producers found the film too grim, he said, \"They have three films lined up in August and September: Joker, Heroine and my film. It's their call in what sequence they want to release them.\" Sujata Chanda from UTV said, \"We wanted to capitalise on the successful Rowdy Rathore pair hence Joker has been pushed ahead to August 31. Barfi on the other hand needed some more post-production, so the date has been postponed to September 14.\" Will Barfi manage to keep this date? All Basu said was: \"That's the date I've been told. Baqi sab UTV ke haath mein .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418593", "title": "Wildlife sanctuary asks for swamp deer from Lucknow zoo", "text": "LUCKNOW: The swamp deer from Lucknow zoo have got a new role to play. The Jaldapara wildlife sanctuary of West Bengal has asked for five swamp deer from the city zoo for re-introduction in the sanctuary. Lucknow zoo has a clear edge over other zoos in breeding of swamp deer. It has 70 swamp deer -- 27 females, 19 males and 24 sub-adults. The breeding record of swamp deer in Lucknow zoo is highest in the country.\"The fact that they have been kept in the off-exhibit area, away from the public glare, makes them fit for survival in the wild too,\" said zoo director Renu Singh. In fact, Jaldapara's demand for zoo's swamp deer dates back to 1997. At that time the sanctuary had asked for 11 swamp deer for re-introducing, but Lucknow zoo could provide only six -- two males and four females.The sanctuary authorities have written again to the zoo asking for five swamp deer -- two males and three females. \"Since they have asked again for the animals, it shows the earlier lot must have been successfully re-introduced,\" said zoo director. The swamp deer is a Schedule (I) animal. It's also the state animal of UP. Dudhwa is one of its prominent habitats. But, the shrinking habitat has made swamp deer as vulnerable as the big cats.The current lot of swamp deer in the zoo has descended from the founder stock which had come from Bahraich way back in 1965. And now, they have presence in almost all the zoos of the country, viz, Kanpur, Mysore, Nandan Kanan, Jaldapara, Hyderabad and Delhi. In fact, the zoo has got many animals in exchange of swamp deer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14424540", "title": "Newly formed corporations unable to implement citizen charter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine months after the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) implemented the citizen charter by bring six citizen-centric services under the e-service level agreement (SLA), the newly formed corporations are unable to process the applications in a time-bound manner. The civic agency had promised that applications regarding factory licensing, health and general trade etc will be processed in 60 days, but it is not able to meet deadline.As per a recent report, 546 applications were pending for more than 60 days in renewal of factory licensing. Similarly, 46 applications were pending in health trade licenses. \"They introduced the SLA with great enthusiasms but are not able to sustain it. According to the report dated 12 June, 2012, there were 546 applications pending in factory licensing,'' said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition, South Delhi Municipal Corporation.Though officials claim that a large number of applications have been processed in the last few days, Suri claimed that the civic agency has done nothing to hold officials accountable. \"They have cleared the backlog in the last few days. If 546 applications were pending for more than 60 days as on June 12, then what action has the corporation taken against the officials? The corporation has not taken action against officials who are responsible for the delay. Why did the BJP bring these services under SLA when they can't ensure that applications are processed in a time-bound manner?'' said Suri.In the first week of June, sources say, more than 700 factory licence renewak applications were pending for more than 60 days. Officials say that due to trifurcation, there has been delay in clearing these applications. \"The staff was divided between the three corporations in April. Before that due to municipal elections not much work was happening as we were busy with the trifurcation process. We have recently cleared all the files,'' said an MCD official.Traders say that they civic agency is doing little to expedite the process of sanctioning or renewal of new licneces. \"The erstwhile MCD has not issued any new general trade licence to traders in Chandni Chowk area since the Master Plan of Delhi -2021 came into effect. There are just 7600 traders registered with the city zone of erstwhile MCD. A lot of traders are facing difficulty in getting the trade licence renewed. Things should move fast as they have got these services under SLA,'' said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.The ruling BJP admits that they are getting complaints regarding renewal of factory and other licences which were brought under e-SLA. According to Mahender Nagpal, leader of the house, North Delhi Municipal Corporation, \"We have received complaints from people regarding renewal of factory licensing. We will look into the matter and official will be held responsible for the delay.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418791", "title": "BMC turns to Kiwi firm to repair potholes", "text": "MUMBAI: Three years after it purchased three 'Inject' pothole-patching machines for Rs 78 lakh each, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has approached the original patent holder of the jet-patching technology and is likely to use the machines this monsoon for pothole repairs.While the BMC has since spent over Rs 60 crore on repair and maintenance of these machines, the engineers have not been able to use them due to technical glitches, including lack of expertise to operate them, narrow roads and the shape of potholes. As these machines are not equipped to deal with the condition of city roads, the BMC has asked the New Zealand-based firm to get the original machines and use them during the monsoon.TOI, on April 18, reported that the BMC had allowed the original New Zealand firm to try out the jet-patching machine in the city. The trial was approved after civic officials found the work done by the machine in New Delhi satisfactory. For the trial run, the BMC had selected a road in Matunga. According to representatives of SPG Infra, the Indian partner of the New Zealand firm, the civic officials were satisfied with the performance of the original machine.\"We may be allowed to use the technology this monsoon. However, we haven't received any official confirmation about how to go about the entire process,\" said a senior official from SPG Infra.In 2008, the BMC purchased three Crafco AT Inject Patching machines for spot repair of potholes. The machines were supposed to repair potholes within hours, while conventional pothole repair takes at least 48 hours. The BMC, having caught flak for buying the machines and not being able to use them, is now playing it safe and will not buy the new machines.The BMC may soon float tenders to dispose the machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419882", "title": "Bankim's writing desk restored at Victoria", "text": "KOLKATA: A teakwood mini secretariat table, belonging to Rishi Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay, has been restored by the Victoria Memorial Hall and now put on display. As the rest of the country celebrated the birth anniversary of the writer of 'Bande Mataram', a lot of visitors flocked to see the table which has been given a 'special display' status. Till recently, the table just lay on the floor on the first floor of the Museum, totally nondescript and without any signage.Chattopadhyay is believed to have used the table for two decades between 1870s and 90s, during which most of his major works were written. Among the major works that he might have written at the table, at least partly, are 'Kapalkundala', 'Kamalakanter Dafter', 'Krishnakanter Will' and 'Anandamath'. Perhaps his best known creation, 'Bande Mataram', was written in 1875. It is not too much to hazard a guess that the song was written at the table. The writing table was donated to the Victoria Memorial in 1837 by Chattopadhyay's grandson (daughter's son), Brojendrasundar Bandyopadhyay, who was an acclaimed advocate at the Calcutta high court then. The idea was that a personal belonging of one of Bengal's greatest writers would be preserved for posterity.Unfortunately, the table was simply left in a corner of the first floor of the Memorial and was never highlighted. By the admission of the museum's officials, it was one of the most neglected pieces of artefacts and never evoked any interest in visitors. However, a senior restorer of the Memorial, R P Savita's urge to work towards making a \"small change\" in the museum, has finally brought the table back into limelight.Back from a leadership training programme conducted by the British Museum , under the aegis of the Union culture ministry, Savita's project was to curate that special piece in his museum that was eluding the public eye all this while and turn it into an object of interest. Cracks needed to be healed and the surface of the woodwork had to be freed from layers of dust deposits and polished. No chemical polish could be used because the artefact in consideration is of great historical value and materials that were used during the period in which it was made, could only be used for the restoration.\"An item of such great importance could not be allowed to lie like that. We not only restored it but also created a pedestal, special illumination and inscription to set it apart,\" said Savita.Recently, a piano used by Queen Victoria in her girlhood was brought out from the store of the museum, restored and displayed. The grand piano was donated to the museum by the queen's grandson in 1905 and was originally kept in the royal gallery. However, the gallery has been closed for nearly two decades now for want of restoration and all the personal belongings of the queen were kept there. Museum authorities decided to finally bring out the most popular belonging of the queen and display it.\"I am happy that we have been able to give a healing touch to Chattopadhyay's table and display it properly, just ahead of the doyen's birthday on Tuesday. The gathering in front of the table throughout the day proved our efforts right,\" said curator of the hall, Swapan Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422296", "title": "Woman lodges FIR against son for stealing Rs 19 lakh, jewellery", "text": "INDORE: A woman on Tuesday lodged complaint with Annapurna police accusing her son of stealing Rs 19 lakh from her house.Police said that the woman identified as Samta Swamy, is a resident of Parshwanath Colony and she had gone to her sister's place when the incident took place.The woman alleged that her son Sudhir Swamy, has stolen Rs 19 lakh and jewellery worth Rs 1.5 lakh when she went to meet her sister on dinner on Monday night.Before leaving her house, Samta locked the main door from outside while her son was already present in the house. However, she found her son missing along with the cash and valuables after she returned from dinner.Police said that the accused Sudhir is a 16-year-old student of class IX and Samta runs a beauty parlour in the colony.Police have lodged an FIR under Section 406 (punishment for criminal breach of trust) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421682", "title": "Notice to govt on plea over Veerapandi\u2019s detention", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued notice to the government on a petition seeking to quash former minister Veerapandi Arumugam's detention under the Goondas Act. In her plea, Arumugam's wife Leela said he was detained as a \"slum grabber\" under the Goondas Act, but the activities allegedly committed by him would not fall under the definition of \"slum grabber\".The petition sought that the order of detention be quashed and Arumugam be produced in court. Arumugham was arrested on June 4 and remanded in judicial custody till June 18. His remand was extended till June 29.Advocate A Saravanan, who represented Leela, said if a person had to be branded a \"slum-grabber\", the offences committed by him should have a \"live-link\" with the incident on the ground and the order of detention. Of the five cases for which he was detained, the first occurred in 2008, the fifth in 2009 and the rest in 2007.The plea said the detaining authority had failed to mention the reason to detain Arumugam. A bench of Justices K N Basha and P Devadoss, before which the petition came for hearing, ordered the notice and posted the matter for further hearing in four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421407", "title": "Assembly witnesses two walkouts in a day", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The opposition staged two walkouts in a day, one in the morning and later in the evening, on Tuesday. The first walkout happened after the notice for an adjournment motion against self-financing medical colleges was rejected by the government. The status of 35 schools in Malappuram became the reason for the second walkout later in the evening.Presenting the notice for adjourment motion in the assembly, CPM MLA M A Baby alleged that the contract between Christian management colleges and the government violates the Supreme Court order that seats should be given only on a merit basis.He said the CSI medical college at Karokonam is a classic example, where the management has been charging Rs 3.5 lakh from all students and these exorbitant fees will put students under severe financial stress. He said the state has signed a contract with four medical colleges which mentions that 15% seats will be privilege seats and the seats will be allotted irrespective of their ranks in the entrance list.Replying to these charges, chief minister Oommen Chandy said that it was during the LDF government's rule that the proposal to allot privilege seats to management colleges was approved.Chandy said that the corpus fund collected by the self-financing colleges will be utilized to subsidize the studies of backward community students. The same scenario was witnessed in the evening when the discussions on 'demands for grant' for the education department created a ruckus in the assembly. Education minister P K Abdu Rabb in his speech said the government has decided to convert the 35 schools in Malappuram to aided ones.The opposition countered this argument and said that the government website itself said that the cabinet has decided to convert these schools to government schools. Deputy leader of opposition Kodiyeri Balakrishnan alleged that severe corruption was involved in the deal. The opposition members then walked out of the assembly.Later, Chandy clarified that the government had taken no such decision and the schools were having the same status as during the previous LDF government.\"The schools were launched during the prime ministership of Narasimha Rao. Later when the Centre decided to stop funding the schools, the state government decided to retain the schools and its status. The cabinet has not taken any decision to convert them to aided or government schools,\" Chandy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419903", "title": "Two arrested for robbing woman of jewellery", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Tuesday arrested two persons for robbing a woman of her gold pendant worth Rs 5,000 from her residence at the Mahatma Phule Vasahat in Hadapsar.The suspects, Mangeshsingh Vijaysingh Juni (19) and Sikandarsingh Sarbatsingh Tak (23), are residents of Vetalbaba Vasahat in Hadapsar. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Lata Yuvraj Khude (40) with the Hadapsar police station.Speaking to TOI, assistant inspector C V Kakade of the Hadapsar police station said around 1.30 am on Tuesday, sub-inspector Prasad Lonare and his team nabbed Juni and Tak near Mahatma Phule Vasahat on suspicion. \"The duo was brought to the police station for questioning, where they confessed to robbing a woman of her pendant. We have recovered the pendant from the suspects,\" Kakade said.The suspects revealed that around 1 am, they broke into Khude's home. \"They threatened Khude with a knife and snatched the pendant,\" Kakade said.The suspects have been charged under section 394 (voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery) of the Indian Penal Code. \"They were produced before the court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody for four days,\" Kakade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14425326", "title": "Flour millers launch wheat flour with iron, folic acid and vitamin B12 in open market", "text": "JAIPUR: Three flour millers have launched fortified wheat in the city to help state government in intensifying fight against increasing cases of anaemia and vitamin deficiencies.The government has already launched fortified flour in the state through public distribution system. But, with this initiative of the private flour mills providing fortified wheat flour to people who do not go to government's ration shops, such people can now buy fortified wheat flour from their local groceries.In the wheat flour, the government and now the private flour millers mix iron, Vitamin B12 and folic acid. Rajasthan has very high levels of stunting (40%), wasting and under-nutrition (37%) amongst children and high levels of anaemia cuts across all age and income groups, with 79% of children under-3, 62 % pregnant women and even 21% men being anemic.The international developmental agency Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition (GAIN) has been providing the technical and financial support to food fortification project in the state which is assisted by IIHMR Jaipur.\"Now, private millers are also ensuring availability of the fortified wheat flour in the open market,\" said Dr Dhirendra Kumar, Project Director, Project Management Unit (PMU), IIHMR, Jaipur.Nutritionists say that that malnutrition is rampant in urban areas because children often eat junk food which are unhealthy and fail to meet nutritional requirement. It is high time to take up the issue of micro-nutrient malnutrition seriously, or else their impairing effect might become out of control in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422734", "title": "Shopkeepers encroach upon open area in Krishna Market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Encroachments in the city markets are seen everywhere. In the markets, shopkeepers usually encroach upon area on the pavements right outside their shops. But in the Krishna Market in Sector 41, shopkeepers in the four blocks of the market have encroached upon the open area that lies in the centre of each block.The areas in three blocks has been encroached upon and partially covered by the shopkeepers. The worst-affected is the food joint block. There are eight food joints in this block, whose owners have 'unanimously agreed' to 'share' equal space in the blcok. They have placed tables and chairs and the open space that has been encroached upon has been converted into a dining area.This market was designed by the UT administration and then was handed over to the MC, a couple of years ago. It is designed in such a way that there are shops on four sides and a huge space is left in the centre so that in case of an emergency, evacuation could be done easily. However shopkeepers have encroached upon this area to make some more money. Food is being served here three times a day -- morning, afternoon and night.\"Yes I have gone there many times to have food. It doesn't seem to be an enchroached area as it has been quite nicely covered,\" said Hargunjot Singh, a resident of Sector 41.Vidya Kapoor, a resident of Sector 42 said that it's a proper dining place, while adding that she has seen many people having food there. She said that she was surprised as to how the MC was not aware of this enchroachment. Ajay Dhingra, a resident of Sector 40 said that it seems that the MC is waiting for some mishap to happen before they take action.Malkiat Singh, councillor of the area said that it is a public space and enchroachment is not possible without the help of the MC enforcement wing. Malkiat Singh alleged, \"The anti-enchroachment staff of the enforcement wing is hands-in-glove with the shopkeepers\".Kashmira Singh, in charge of the enforcement wing said that he was not aware of such enchroachment. He said that in such a big city they cannot keep a tab on every market but they would certainly remove the enchroachments soon, if there are any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14420005", "title": "Water cuts at all the parts in Pune", "text": "PUNE: There will be no water supply in the city on Thursday to facilitate maintenance works at Parvati, Cantonment, Vadgaon, SNDT and New Holkar water works. Supply will resume late in the morning on Friday and at low pressure, a statement issued by the civic body on Tuesday.The areas which will be affected are:Warje/SNDT water works: Bhusari Colony, Shastrinagar, Bavdhan, Bhugaon Road, Sus Road, Baner, Balewadi, Pashan, Warje highway, Karve Road, Erandawane, Deccan, Jaibhavaninagar, Sutardara, Dahanukar Colony, Gandhibhavan, Mahatma Society, Warje, Model Colony, Law College Road, Gok-halenagar, Bhonsalenagar, Aundh, Bopodi and Khadki.Vadgaon water works: Sinhagad Road, Hingne, Vadgaon, Dhayari, Dhankawadi, Katraj, Aanandnagar, Ambegaon Pathar, Santoshnagar, Kondhwa Budruk and Dattanagar areas.Parvati water works: All the 'peth' areas, Dattawadi, Rajendranagar, Lokmanyanagar, Deccan, Shivajinagar, Swargate, Parvati Darshan, Mukundnagar, Parvati village, Sahakarnagar, Satara Road, Bibvewadi, Taljai, Katraj, Dhankawadi and Indiranagar.Cantonment water works: Pune Cantonment, Pune station, Koregaon Park, Tadiwala Road, race course, Kondhwa, Hadapsar, Mundhwa, Yerawada, Vishrantwadi, Kalyaninagar, Vadagaonsheri, Chandannagar, Solapur Road, Gondhalenagar and Satavwadi.New Holkar Bridge water works: Ahmednagar Road areas, Vimannagar, Dhanori, Kalas, Khadki and Vidyanagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "14419779", "title": "Bhunia on overdrive to dredge Midnapore canals", "text": "MIDNAPORE: State irrigation minister Manas Bhunia on Tuesday inspected several canals in the district and said dredging of 14 canals adjoining the Keleghai, Kopaleswari, Bagui and Chandia rivers flowing through West and East Midnapore will be completed in three years, state irrigation minister Manas Bhuyiyan said during an inspection of the canals on Tuesday.The minister criticised the Left Front government for not executing the work though the Centre had allocated Rs 650 crore for the project two years ago. Two years have been lost in the five-year project to dredge 650km of canals which will now have to be completed in three years, the minister said.Seven blocks in the two districts - Sabong, Narayangarh, Danton I and II in West Midnapore as well as Bhagwanpur and Potashpur in East Midnapore - are flood prone. The four rivers together span 2145 sq km of which 650 sq km lie in the flood prone area. Bhuyiyan said no dredging had been done in the 14 canals in the last 40 years.In April, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had launched the dredging work on the banks of the river Keleghai. On Tuesday, Bhunia took stock of the progress in inspected progress of work over the last one and half months at four points spread across the banks of the Keleghai and Kopaleswari rivers.. These included a point in his Sabong constituency. A sum of Rs 158 crore has been allocated in the first phase of the dredging work which will be carried out on 61 square km. In all, 185 JCB machines are being used to execute the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421897", "title": "Rajesh Khanna to be in hospital for a few more days", "text": "MUMBAI: Yesteryear superstar Rajesh Khanna will continue to stay in the hospital for a few more days. His estranged wife Dimple Kapadia told TOI, \"Mr Khanna is doing fine now although they are going to keep him admitted for a few days just for precautionary reasons and he should be discharged very soon.\" Khanna was admitted to the hospital on Saturday after he complained of weakness and exhaustion.The actor had a health scare in April, too. Last Thursday, there were rumours about his health deteriorating after his secretary Ashwin told some mediapersons that the actor had stopped taking food and was only on liquid diet. Soon after that, the actor emerged in the balcony of his bungalow to wave at his fans and mediapersons standing outside. His son-in-law Akshay Kumar clarified that his father-in-law was fine but two days later, Khanna had to be admitted to the hospital. Apart from the family, not many film personalities visited the actor at the hospital, barring some like his ex-girlfriend Anju Mahendru, actress Reena Roy and Anit Advani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14421493", "title": "Ship wreck poses threat to fishermen", "text": "MANGALORE: The wreckage of MV Asian Forest, a Chinese vessel carrying 14,500 metric tonnes of iron ore fines that sank off Mangalore coast nearly three years ago, poses threat to fishermen as the buoy lamp kept near the wreckage on the sea has stopped functioning. Three years ago when the ship started sinking only oil from it was removed and the wreck remained there. Lights are used to mark the areas to prevent any untoward incidents. However, fishermen complain that the lights have gone kaput making it difficult for the,who venture into the sea at night, to identify the area.Ganapathi Kotian, a fisherman from Ullal told TOI that several boats had been damaged after they hit the wreckage.When TOI contacted Coast Guard commandant RK Sharma, he said that he would take up the issue with the government. \"We understand the problems of fishermen,\" he added. Assistant director of the department of fisheries Vijaykumar assured fishermen that the government would solve the problem at the earliest. \"We will bring the issue to the notice of the authorities and do the needful to fix the lamp on buoy,\" he said.Deputy commissioner NS Chanappa Gowda said that a representative of a salvage company had approached the district administration for an NOC to remove the wreckage about six months ago. \"We had issued an NOC then to clear the debris,\" he added. The vessel sank on July 18, 2009 after it was caught in a distress on July 17. All the 18 crew members were rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14420382", "title": "Stoic Kasab unsettled by Abu Jundal\u2019s arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: It was one piece of news that Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab least expected to hear. When the guards at Arthur Road jail in Mumbai informed Kasab that his handler Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal was arrested, it shook the stoic demeanour of the terrorist who was part of the 10-member team that gunned down 166 people and injured hundreds in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.An agitated Kasab wanted to know the details of Ansari's arrest and his first question to the prison guards was whether his handler would be brought to Arthur Road jail, sources said.The sources said he also wanted to know when Ansari, who goes by the name of Zaby and Abu Jundal, was arrested. \"Kasab was surprised to know about Ansari's arrest. He wanted to know whether Jundal would also be lodged in the same prison,\" the sources said.Usually, Kasab, who is in solitary confinement, tries to make conversation with his guards. But the guards have been given strict instructions not to discuss any topic related to the case or the investigation, the sources said.Kasab neither has access to television or newspaper nor does he have any calendar in his bomb-proof cell. He has to depend on the guards to figure out the day or month of the year. For the past couple of months, Kasab is brought out of his cell for an hour daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419344", "title": "Delhi salesman held for making obscene calls", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was arrested for allegedly making obscene calls to women , police said. Aadesh Kumar Maheshwari (42), was arrested following a complaint filed by a woman residing in Moti Bagh, subsequent to which the number was put on surveillance, a senior police official said.\"Maheshwari would revert back every missed call or a wrong number. And incase the caller was a woman, he would save the number and harass her. Police traced Maheshwari's location after analysing the call details and raided his house. Maheshwari is reportedly having a strained relationship with his wife,\" said, Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police (crime). The officer said that Maheshwari was working as a salesman with a cigarette company in Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14422582", "title": "TV anchor cuts hair for charity, loses job", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: A Muslim TV anchor's decision to support cancer awareness by chopping off her hair has cost the woman her job at a Malaysian channel, which wants her to grow back her mane to an \"acceptable\" length before being allowed to resume work.Popular Malaysian NTV7 news anchor and TV personality Ras Adiba Mohd Radzi has also claimed to have received anonymous calls abusing her for defying a 'fatwa' prohibiting women from shaving their head.Ras Adiba, who works on a freelance basis for NTV7, cropped her hair on Friday last to show solidarity with The National Cancer Council cancer awareness campaign.An NTV7 source said Ras Adiba had approached them before getting shorn, and the management had said if her hair was cropped, she would not be allowed to anchor. \"We can't put a bald person on air, especially for news and the anchor is a woman. We have to upkeep a certain look.\"However, Ras Adiba said she did her research before cutting off her locks, adding that she still had hair and that her scalp could not be seen. \"I am answerable to God. Islam is a way of life, and we are told to help people. I am Muslim, I pray five times a day and I love my religion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419283", "title": "50 additional MBBS seats to be filled in July", "text": "PANAJI: When the second round of admissions to professional courses in Goa begins in the third week of July, there will be 110 new seats on offer combined in medicine and engineering. These seats include the 50 additional seats sanctioned for the medicine course by the state and 60 seats for the electronics and communication engineering course at the new institute at Assagao.\"The 50 seats for medicine will be filled in the second round of admissions which will be held in the third week of July. The distribution of the 50 seats under the reserved and other categories had to be worked out so the seats could not be filled in the first round and will be filled now,\" deputy director for technical education Pradip Kusnur said.He said that the 120 seats at the new Fr Agnel Engineering Institute at Assagao in the computer and mechanical engineering streams have already been filled, but the 60 seats for the electronics stream will be filled in the second round.\"The 60 seats have been approved already by the All India Council for Technical Education and are only waiting the affiliation of the Goa University. They will also be filled in the second round with the new medicine seats,\" Kusnur said.Kusnur said that other than the 110 confirmed seats that will be available for takers in the second round, another close to 100 seats are expected to fall vacant by the next round in the different professional courses.\"We cannot say anything for sure, but usually close to 100 seats are vacant for filling after the second round of admissions as the National Institutes of Technology and other national institutes also have their five to six admission rounds going on simultaneously. Our first round of admissions has been completed and all the seats are filled for now. But if the students get into a national institute in the meantime they vacate this seat by our second round,\" Kusnur said.The directorate of technical education conducts the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET) and based on its results draws a merit list for admissions to the various professional degree courses in Goa which include medicine, dentistry, pharmacy, engineering and homeopathy. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14418515", "title": "Heat on 140 shops for sale of abortion drugs", "text": "THANE: Nearly 140 pharmaceutical shops in Thane, Raigad and Ratnagiri districts have been slapped with a showcause notice by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the sale of pregnancy terminating medicines without a proper prescription from doctors.The FDA is conducting surprise checks on pharmaceutical shops, to verify stocks and account books that are maintained by distributors to assess sale of abortion drugs.The drive comes in the wake of female foeticide cases being unearthed in Beed and other areas of the state.recent reports in Beed and other rural pockets of Maharashtra where a female foetus is being aborted by families in collusion with the medical practitioners.While state authorities too have stepped up vigil on radiologists and abortion clinics. , the FDA officials are also taking a stock of sale of abortion drugs.Recently, the FDA's region-wise raids led to the arrest of two fake doctors who were running clinics in Bhiwandi. area who would operate from the slum localities.The FDA team has scrutinized sale records of 288 pharmaceutical shops in the recent past and found that 140 could not account for the sale of abortion medicines, it is learnt.The FDA inspection has also revealed that quite a few medical stores were involved in selling huge quantities of cough syrups, Corex or Rexcough, without prescriptions. FDA officials said licences of 29 shops have been suspended pending inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420098", "title": "Ashok Gehlot lashes out at BJP, Team Anna", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot lashed out at the BJP over the forthcoming presidential elections and corruption. The chief minister also criticized Team Anna, saying it has diverted from its main issue.During an informal interaction with the media after taking part in a workshop organised by the social welfare department on the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, Gehlot said BJP should have warmly accepted Pranab Mukherjee as the presidential candidate.Lashing out at the opposition over corruption issues, Gehlot said, \"The party does not have a moral right to speak on the issue. It is the Congress which has initiated a fight against corruption, on the other hand, in Rajasthan, it was BJP which paved the way for corrupt practices.'' Hitting out at the previous BJP government, Gehlot cited Lalit Modi , who was absconding and fled the country, and said his case itself is proof enough about how corrupt the previous government was.The chief minister also lashed out at Anna Hazare and his team along with Baba Ramdev, alleging that they had diverted from the main issue. Had the team raised its voice against inflation, unemployment, poverty, hunger, the Congress would have supported the team, the chief minister claimed.\"When corruption allegations can be laid against the Prime Minister, they can charge anybody now. What is the guarantee that a retired judge would remain honest to the core forever?'' Gehlot said. He further said not just the country but entire Europe is facing the problem.While discussing the use and illegal trafficking of doda post (poppy seeds) in the state, Gehlot directed chief secretary C K Mathew to form a policy to ensure that its use is discontinued. He also suggested special workshops for police and district officials on awareness of ill-effects of drugs and their illegal trafficking.Speaking on the occasion of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, the chief minister expressed concern over the increasing use of drugs, particularly among the youth. He said that rave parties were a setting a wrong trend and that a strict vigil over such parties is a must. Gehlot also called on NGOs and social organisations to come forward to spread awareness against drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14422636", "title": "Cover up, Shanghai metro tells women", "text": "BEIJING: An appeal by the Shanghai subway asking its female passengers to dress up in a \"dignified\" manner to avoid assaults by perverts, has drawn strong protests from women and war cries of 'we have right to be coquettish'.Several women in the Chinese city protested a statement from the municipal subway authority that \"scantily clad women attract molesters\" . \"I can be coquettish , but you can't harass me,\" read banners raised by protesting women commuters who were offended by the subway's lecturing.The women protesters covered their heads and faces with black cloth, walked into metro compartments and on platforms on Sunday to register their protests. Some supporters of the metro company said the statement is a reminder of goodwill.\"But the tone is far from being courteous,\" said Xiong Jing, a senior officer from a Beijing-based non governmental organization committed to properly reflecting women's needs and concerns.More women said molesters wouldn't be eliminated even if they put on heavy clothes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14418788", "title": "Naxals' bandh peaceful", "text": "GONDIA: Though the bandh call given by north Gadchiroli-Gondia divisional committee of the Naxals on Monday was peaceful, the outlaws pasted posters in areas like Deori which spread terror among the residents.As far as Gondia district was concerned, the Naxal activities were confined to remote place like Salekasa, Murkodoh, Chichgarh and Kakodi. They pasted posters in shops at Deori, Gujarat Sweet Mart on the 'T' point on national highway number 6 and in Pitambar Tola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421252", "title": "Centre's NOC for six-lane bridge over Ganga in Patna", "text": "PATNA: A six-lane state-of-the-art bridge over the river Ganga, parallel to the 30 years old Gandhi Setu, will be constructed. The Centre has agreed to issue no objection certificate (NOC) for the new bridge to connect north Bihar with state capital and its southern parts. It will cost around Rs 2,000 crore.The agreement was finalized after chief minister Nitish Kumar's meeting with Union minister for road transport and highways, C P Joshi, in New Delhi on Tuesday. The new bridge will connect Kachchi Dargah in Patna with Biddupur in Vaishali. It is to be constructed under the Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode and likely to be completed in five to six years time after the work starts.The state government had proposed this bridge last year after its attempts to repair or reconstruct the 5.75km-long cantilever Gandhi Setu proved futile as experts and consultants reported that its condition was beyond improvement. The Union ministry has also agreed to maintain the Gandhi Setu till the new bridge comes up, said road construction department secretary and Bihar Pul Nirman Nigam chairman Pratyaya Amrit from Delhi. On completion, the new bridge will be handed over to the National Highway Authority of India for upkeep and maintenance.The issue of Gandhi Setu, touted as the lifeline of Bihar, was hanging fire for long even as the condition of Asia's longest river bridge got deteriorated. The CM told Joshi that the toll from the bridge was going to the Centre. So it was the Centre's responsibility to maintain it. In recent times, the road construction department officials had at least six meetings with secretary in the Union ministry for road transport and highways, A K Upadhyaya, for solution to the deteriorating condition of the Setu.After the Centre's agreement, a global tender will be floated for the construction of the new bridge. The Bakhtiarpur-Tajpur bridge, which is under construction, is the first bridge in Bihar under the PPP mode.The CM also discussed with Joshi about the long pending Bhagalpur bypass which is to be constructed at a cost of Rs 233 crore. Joshi assured that the Centre would make allocation for this project. The state government has already acquired the land for the bridge. The CM also drawn Joshi's attention about the damaged Dumri bridge and stressed on its reconstruction which would entail an expenditure of Rs 50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418472", "title": "BJP, Congress to battle in 5 municipal corporations", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five municipal corporations of Uttar Pradesh including Agra in the west to Bareilly and Kanpur in the central to Allahabad and Gorakhpur in the east UP will go to poll on Wednesday. Apart from these districts, voting would also be held in 12 other districts, which include Baghpat, Rampur and Azamgarh.Wednesday promises to be a keen contest between Bharatiya Janata Party and the Congress, which occupied three and two mayoral seats in these corporations in the last municipal elections held in 2006. While BJP candidates clinched the mayoral seats of Agra, Kanpur and Gorakhpur, Congress emerged victorious in Bareilly and Allahabad. This time, it will be a test of time for both political parties, if one goes by the recent assembly elections.In fact, the results of UP assembly elections throw some very interesting facts. The Congress might have two mayoral seats in its grip in 2006, yet it managed to win only two assembly constituencies of the 48 assembly constituencies in the five districts taken together in 2012. Barring Ajay Kapoor and Anugrah Narayan Singh who won the Kidwai Nagar seat in Kanpur and Allahabad North seat in Allahabad, respectively, the party witnessed a complete rout in the rest of the seats. In fact, it could not win a single seat in Bareilly, where the party had a mayor, Supriya Aron. As against this, it was the BJP, which won four seats in Bareilly.The BJP on the other hand won 13 assembly constituencies in the five districts. It bagged the maximum of four in Kanpur and Bareilly, while it could not open an account in Allahabad. A keen contest is likely to brew in Agra, where BJP mayor Anjula Mahaur left the party and joined the Samajwadi Party just before the assembly elections. In place of Mahaur, BJP has decided to field Indrajeet Valmiki, who will be up against Shyam Jarari of the Congress.This time, the Allahabad's mayoral seat has been reserved for the women. Hence, sitting mayor and Congress leader Jitendra Chaudhary is out. He has been replaced by Sheree Wadhawan, who will be up against BJP's Kamla Singh.On the other hand, in Kanpur, which is an unreserved seat, BJP denied the ticket to the incumbent Ravindra Patni and fielded Jagat Veer Singh 'Drona' for the mayoral seat. An old timer Drona, has been an MP from Kanpur twice. BJP sources said that they did not wish to take any chances, as the seat happens to be crucial. Drona will be up against Pawan Gupta of the Congress.Likewise in case of Gorakhpur also, the BJP denied ticket to Anju Chaudhary because of her poor report card in the otherwise encephalitis infested district. She has been replaced by Satya Pandey, who will face the challenge from Congress's Surhita Kareem. BSP has given its support to Vandana Sharma.Besides five municipal corporations, elections will also be held in 50 nagar palikas and 108 nagar panchayats. Election commission officials said that 786 polling centres have been identified as sensitive and 1,081 as highly sensitive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420150", "title": "Less than normal rains in over 70% of country", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost 70% of the country has got less than normal rains so far in the season, data released by the Indian Meteorological Department showed. A third of the country has seen deficient rainfall for the period while another third witnessed almost no or scanty rains.IMD defines \"deficiency\" as 20-60% less rains than normal while a drop of more than 60% is defined as \"scanty\".The weather department predicted that the rains would pick up in the beginning of July, the first signs of which were visible in the southern region getting marginally more rains than in the previous week.The delay in the northward movement of monsoon suggested that Delhi and other states in the northwest may not see rain clouds before the month-end. June 29 is considered the normal date of arrival of monsoon in Delhi.The delay in monsoon onset over Kerala has set back expectations all over the country and the monsoon system was seen to remain weak all through June as well, showing a considerable delay in its upward surge. Kerala enjoyed the first monsoon showers on June 5 and not June 1 which is considered the normal date of arrival.The weather department marginally downgraded its prediction for the country-wide average annual rainfall, bringing it down from 99% of the long term average to 96% -- still within the range that it defines as 'normal' but all eyes would now be out for the predicted map for the spread of monsoon.IMD releases a second comprehensive prediction in end June that breaks down the expected rainfall in different regions of the country and this is usually more carefully watched by all. Even in previous so-called 'normal' years, several parts of the country have either suffered drought like conditions or floods. Therefore, an overall average rainfall prediction is not considered valuable unless it forewarns of an exceptionally bad or good rainfall.Only about a third of the country has so far got normal rains with just the Himalayan state of Sikkim receiving more than usual rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418840", "title": "OBC hurdle: Colleges still lack space", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the implementation of OBC quota and admissions beyond capacity in the general category, colleges are generally left with little space in classrooms and labs.Though the grants were given in 2008-09, many colleges are awaiting clearance from civic agencies to begin construction. A few others can't alter their buildings as these are heritage structures. So colleges have been forced to extend working hours. SRCC has 25 rooms and 2,500 students. The college cannot build another floor to maintain the permitted floor area ratio. So, it has increased the number of lectures to accommodate all students. \"Earlier classes were held till 1pm. Now they go on till four in the evening,\" said principal P C Jain.Implementation of the 27% OBC quota began in phases in 2008 and was completed in 2010. Colleges were given a grants to the tune of Rs 8-10 crore to make room for more students as the total number of seats were increased to keep the existing space for the general category unchanged. However, proposals for expanding infrastructure are stuck in red tape. \"We sent the plans for the third floor to MCD last year. Their approval is still awaited,\" said Ira Pandit, the senior-most faculty member at Daulat Ram College.Pradyumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College, added that the college is waiting for an environmental agency's nod to begin work on a new academic block. \"Our existing building is located close to Bara Hindu Rao which is a heritage site. We have instead planned to construct a new academic block. National Monument Authority approved it last year. The proposal was sent to Delhi Pollution Control Committee six months ago. We will have to hire an environment consultant before getting the clearance,\" Singh said.A college cannot refuse admission to any eligible student even if they overshoot capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422215", "title": "CTM unit gutted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A major fire broke out at a unit manufacturing medical equipment near CTM on Tuesday morning. The fire continued till 9pm. Fire brigade officials pressed 24 vehicles, including fire fighters and tankers, into service to bring the fire under control.According to officials, they got a call from National Healthcare Ltd, a unit located at Laxmanbhai Estate at CTM, at 7am on Tuesday. The company produces surgical equipment and other medical goods.\"The first phase was completed around noon when the fire was under control. However, the unit has huge stacks of produced goods and storage area looking like alleys. Thus, when we were done with one portion, the fire would erupt in another. As the material was toxic, we had to take care while entering inside to spot the source of fire. It is difficult to say at the moment but we believe that fire might have started after a short-circuit,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421351", "title": "45% manholes without lids in Patna", "text": "PATNA: About 45% of the manholes in the state capital are without a lid, setting up a perfect trap for inattentive walkers to slip into any one of them. Also, the PMC is yet to complete the repair work of the pump houses.But PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal claimed more than 100 manholes were repaired and covered before the monsoon hit the city. The government had sanctioned Rs 22 lakh for the repair of the manholes. According to a PMC official, there are 122 pump houses in the city but only 113 are in working condition.PMC mayor Afzal Imam said an engineer was deployed to monitor the repair work of the pump houses. Every circle of the PMC would keep 200 litres of diesel as backup for emergency situation.He said about 90% work of the drainage system had been completed and the rest would be done in the next ten days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14422562", "title": "Auto drivers attack two-wheeler rider", "text": "KOCHI: Autorickshaw drivers have gone berserk once again in the city, claiming a two-wheel rider as the latest victim of their attack.The victim, identified as Francis Fernandes of Chammani Road, Kaloor was beaten brutally by auto drivers for questioning the manner in which an auto was being driven.The North police have registered a case in connection with the incident and a search is on to nab the drivers who attacked Francis. According to the police, the incident occurred around 10.30am on Tuesday when the victim was traveling on his scooter to a nearby shop in Kaloor.The assailants attacked the person with an iron rod and broke his right leg. He was admitted to a nearby hospital. The police said that following a quarrel between the victim and an autoriskshaw driver, a gang of drivers rushed in an auto to the spot and attacked Francis. Though locals tried to rescue him, they were threatened by the gang.The police have recovered a mobile phone belonging to the gang from the spot.\"We have started to track the owner of the autorickshaw in which the goons came,\" the police said. A preliminary probe revealed that autodrivers were forming various gangs in the city and resorting to illegal activities like smuggling ganja.\"The victim has noted down the registration number of the autorickshaw. We will collect the details of the owner from the Regional Transport Office,\" officials said.A few days ago, four auto drivers were arrested by the city police for attacking a family from New Delhi who were overcharged by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14422168", "title": "If CCE works for Class X, why not extend it to Class XII?", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the CBSE's system of continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) and optional board exams were extended to Classes XI and XII, would it reduce the emphasis on sky-high school-leaving exam scores? Would it allow students to focus on learning? Would it help de-link the board exam from a college entrance test?\"It would work only if it were followed properly. CCE focuses on a child's holistic development, not just on exams,\" says CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi. But for the system to work, he feels, all boards will have to follow it.Renu Singh, principal of Amity International School, Noida, favours extending CCE to Class XII. \"CCE has greatly reduced pressure on Classes IX and X students, with children enjoying the learning process. The problem arises in Class XI, as shifting from CCE becomes difficult. I've seen students with a cumulative grade point average (CGPA) of 10 in Class X fail in Class XI. There needs to be uniformity.\"But, Ashok Pandey, principal of Ahlcon International School, Delhi, says while competition was earlier over 98% or 99% in Class X, with CCE there's now cut-throat competition for a CGPA of 9.8 or 10. While he'd like extending CCE to Classes XI and XII, he recommends that the board do away with CGPA and rely solely on grades. Deepshikha Srivastava, principal of Mumbai's Rajhans Vidyalaya, too, believes CCE in Classes XI and XII would reduce stress on students and truly judge a student's intelligence.With CCE at the Plus-2 level, the school-leaving exam would be de-linked from college entrance tests. Srivastava suggests a common entrance test for professional streams. This must be in sync with what's taught at school.But Krishna Kumar, former NCERT director, feels CCE in its present form can't substitute a good school-leaving examination. \"The Class XII exam has its sanctity, whether or not colleges use it. There is no alternative but to improve the exam's quality and shift focus from testing memory alone to judging a range of abilities, such as the capacity to imagine,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419846", "title": "Rs 3.67L collected in traffic fine in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The traffic branch, last week, collected Rs 3.67 lakh fine from traffic violators for not wearing seat belts and use of fancy number plates, while action was taken against those involved in drunk driving.The police said that most road accidents in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad have been happening because of drunk driving and reckless driving. The ongoing drive has been initiated to curb such mishaps.In the last five months, 1,808 motorists have been caught for drunk driving and action has been taken against them.Last week, 81 motorists were hauled up for drunk driving. As many as 2,488 motorists were penalised for not wearing seat belts, DCP traffic Vishwas Pandhre said and a fine (traffic compounding fees) of Rs 2.67 lakh collected from them. Similarly, action was taken against 929 vehicles which had fancy number plates and a fine of over Rs 1 lakh was collected.Pandhre said that major action against traffic violations will be taken in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad. He has urged motorists to follow traffic rules and wear seat belts. Officials also said that use of seat belts has resulted in a decrease in the number of accidents involving cars and other light commercial vehicles.He has also appealed that to prevent road fatalities, two-wheeler riders should wear helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419048", "title": "Andhra Pradesh police clueless about its land status", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state police department is clueless about how much land it owns across the state and what is its current status. There are several allegations that in most of the cases, the land has shrunken substantially because of encroachments but the department has no estimate.As a result the state police proposes to appoint an estate officer to verify the land allotted by the government to the department since the formation of the state and prepare an update on the current status.Sources in state police told TOI that several decades ago government allotted 240 acres of land to APSP 1st battalion, Jubilee Hills. \"But as on today only 202 acres is left intact while the remaining 38 acres is either encroached or caught in legal disputes. A colony has come up in a part of this 38 acres,'' a senior official said. Interestingly, some lower rung officials of the department have construction houses in this land.In another instance, an IPS officer of Karimnagar district faced a probe two years ago for allegedly misusing the land owned by the police department during his stint as superintendent of police.As of now the land records of the police are maintained either by the superintendent of police of the district concerned or by the officer who heads the separate units within the police department.Since it has been neglected for years together, there are either no boundary walls or the officials are unsure of the actual extent of the land.Now a decision has been taken at the highest level to begin an exercise to first find out the extent of land allotted to the police department by verifying the maps and revenue records. Subsequently, its current status will be checked so that at least the available land can be safeguarded by constructing boundary walls.The department proposes to build commercial complexes on the available land and lease them out. Already, in Visakhapatnam and Ananthapur, the department earns revenue from commercial complexes and sports stadia built on its land. The centralised inventory for all the districts is going to be maintained in Hyderabad.Some time ago, a similar practice of safeguarding properties by creating a land bank was done by the ministry of defence , who has a dedicated estate officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14420070", "title": "Doctors get together to save the girl child", "text": "PUNE: General practitioners, who are people's first point of contact for any kind of an ailment, have taken up the initiative of sensitising people as well as their own colleagues about saving the girl child.Avani (which means Mother Earth) - a core group of all women doctors - has been formed by the Pune branch of the General Practitioners' Association (GPA) to become an interface between doctors and the society at large.\"We are the first point of contact for any kind of an illness. Be it a common cold or some chronic disease, people first approach a neighbourhood general practitioner. Hence, we have decided to optimally use this opportunity to sensitise people about saving the girl child. The newly formed Avani - a core group of 25 women doctors - will co-ordinate campaigns across the city by adopting different tools of public awareness,\" said general practitioner Santaji Kadam, president of GPA, Pune branch, which has 1,000 members.Kadam said, \"The core group members of Avani will deliver lectures on abuses of sonography and importance of maintaining a good male-female sex ratio for the overall development of the society. They will approach residential colonies and women's organisations to conduct such lectures and also make use of cultural platforms available in the city during the festive season.\"Asked if the Avani group will inform officials if their colleagues are involved in illegal use of sonography machines, Kadam said, \"Whenever we will come to know about a doctor using sonography machines for determining the sex of the foetus, we will first approach the doctor and request him/her to discontinue the malpractice. If the doctor fails to mend his/her ways, we will inform the appropriate authorities about it.\"\"As a part of their programme, the Avani group also intends to adopt a slum pocket and make efforts to improve overall health parameters of women living there,\" Kadam said., adding that there are 14 different doctors' associations in Pune and all of them would help GPA in this noble cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "14421510", "title": "Meet on UK-India teaching partnership begins", "text": "MANIPAL: The two-day workshop on UK-India teaching partnership development organized by Manipal University with The University of Nottingham at India Habitat Centre, New Delhi got under way on Tuesday. The objectives of the meet are to foster relationships between universities in India and UK, promote joint and dual-degree programmes, encourage two-way mobility of students and staff and facilitate collaborative research.Over 150 delegates consisting of vice-chancellors, heads of institutions and researchers from India and UK are attending the workshop, sponsored by British Council, India.Samir Brahmachari, director general, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research, Rob Lynes, director, British Council India, and H Vinod Bhat and Christine Ennew, pro-VCs of Manipal University and The University of Nottingham respectively were present at the inauguration. Christine stressed the need for fostering partnerships by bringing together Universities from both the countries and hoped that the deliberations would promote such activities. Vinod Bhat mentioned that India is witnessing a sea of change in higher education. \"While some reforms have already been ushered in, we are awaiting enactment of a few more parliamentary Bills, especially those related to National Council on Higher Education and Research,\" he said.Advising people not to look at overseas universities, which at some point in time in near future will set up campuses in India, as competition, Dr Vinod said instead they should be looked as exciting prospects of collaboration. Samir envisaged open source and connectivity to evolve innovative teaching methods to provide opportunities for Indian students. Rob Lynes highlighted the need for partnerships and opportunities provided by British Council.Other dignitaries who spoke on the opening day were Srirkantan Murthy, vice-president, Infosys, TM Gore, director, Global Network and Communities, University of London, UK, Sally Goggin, director education, British Council, India, Rajjat Kawas, Manipal City and Guilds, Paul Devadoss, Director, Partnership Development, University of Lancaster, UK and Bhushan Patwardhan, Vice Chancellor, Symbiosis University, Pune, a Manipal University release here states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420969", "title": "Passport touts operate with impunity", "text": "BANGALORE: There seems to be no end for the woes of passport applicants. And touts certainly have smelt a chance to make a killing. In a brazen display of how thriving the racket is, a middleman called the TOI office and said: Can you please share the names and contacts numbers of people who have faced difficulties in getting the passport and were quoted in your newspaper?\"Asked why he needed those details, the caller said: \"We will help them get the passport.\"Asked if he was an agent, the caller declined to identify himself, saying, \"I am a social worker. We help people.\"The \"social worker\" requested the TOI reporter to share the contact numbers of people who have trouble in getting passports as and when she gets to know of them.He claimed that he could arrange for appointments online at negotiable rates.With the caller not ready to give his details, the TOI reporter pretended to be a potential client.On being told that the reporter's passport application had been rejected because of a mismatch in address proof, the caller said: \"I will check up with my office on how much they would charge to get a residence proof. Leave your contact number with me. I will get back to you.\"The \"social worker\" said the charge for the work would be on the kind of documents required to be \"manufactured\".No place for agents, claims RPOKJ Srinivas, Regional Passport Officer (RPO), Bangalore, said that there was no place for agents or touts in the current system to obtain passports. Yet, if people went to self-appointed agents and middlemen, there was little that the authorities could do to control them, he said.He said Passport Seva Kendras earlier had a system where agents could have appeared on behalf of applicants and each of them could get three-four appointments. \"In the new system, applicants have to be present in person,'' he said.He said that he had suggested to the ministry of external affairs that BangaloreOne and B4 could be brought into the loop where people can get their appointments, but the ministry was yet to take a call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419658", "title": "Notice to school over traffic jams", "text": "NASHIK: The city traffic police have issued a notice to Fravashi Academy on the Nashik-Trimbak Road to take measures against road congestion that occurs every day at the opening and closing hours of the school.The traffic department has warned of action against motorists if no change takes place after a reasonable amount of time.Fravashi Academy, which is located opposite the Maharashtra Police Academy, witnesses a considerable amount of rush of vehicles during the afternoon hours, mainly when the students of the pre-primary, primary and secondary classes head home. Taking the rush into account, the school has been notified to take necessary steps to avoid congestion on the road.The academy's Ratan Luth said the school was always committed to ensure that no kind of civic, traffic or any other kind of problem arises due to it. He said soon after the notice a meeting of parents was held appealing to them to keep their cars within the parking area.The school will also stagger class timings. Additional personnel from the school have also been deployed during the closing hours to man the traffic, said Ratan Luth.DCP Sunil Phulari said notices will be issued to all schools to take necessary measures to ensure that roads in front of them are not congested. Action will be taken on motorists park their vehicle in such a fashion that obstruct the traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418691", "title": "NMC moves to stop interference by hubbies of women corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: A government resolution led to the election of 73 women as corporators, but their spouses have been the ones calling the shots in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). There was a time when they would limit themselves to pushing applicants of their choice in the contest for civic contracts. But they have been questioning officials in recent days.To end this problem of frequent interference from relatives of women corporators, the civic administration has issued a notification that only elected public representatives will be entertained in NMC offices.In his notification, officiating municipal commissioner Saurabh Rao has strictly instructed the administration not to entertain spouses of women corporators. Rao has informed corporators that they should, personally or through applications, inform officials about problems related to civic issues or development works in their constituency.The notification was spurred by BJP corporator Swati Akhatkar's husband Chandrakant being caught red-handed selling potable water supplied by NMC outside the city limits. The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had taken serious note of the incident since Mhalgi Nagar corporator Akhatkar's husband had also slapped a junior engineer who questioned his actions.Besides the ruling party BJP corporators, husbands of many Congress corporators too were accused of pressurizing NMC officials to get works in their respective wards. \"In fact, they regularly claimed that they are the corporators, even though their wives were elected,\" said a senior official on condition of anonymity.Jaiswal had wanted to prohibit husbands of women corporators from interfering in official work. The state government had reserved 50% seats for women. Of the 145 seats in the House, 74 are occupied by women. Husbands pursuing works in wards represented by their wives are a common sight at the NMC.To create awareness about the functioning of NMC, workshops and training camps were also organized for corporators. \"The new guidelines will give them the opportunity to learn and take on their responsibilities,\" said Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419745", "title": "Virbhadra Singh resigns, jolt for Congress ahead of polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Virbhadra Singh resigned from the Cabinet on Tuesday, a day after a Himachal Pradesh court slapped corruption charges on him.Singh's resignation came just when Congress was gearing up for elections in his BJP-ruled home state, a must-win battle for the party to regain momentum after the recent decimation in five states, including UP, had punctured its hopes.After driving to PM Manmohan Singh to tender his resignation, Singh said he was innocent and the charges in the 23-year-old case would be proved false. Sources said Singh resigned of his own volition because he said he was confident of getting relief from higher courts.While Singh's case is sure to add to the opposition campaign against UPA, with the Anna Hazare camp claiming vindication, Congress sources felt his resignation had implications for in-house politics in the run-up to December polls.The graft charge, followed by the BJP offensive, would make it a personal battle for Singh to defeat the rival. There were doubts that Singh may not put in a wholehearted effort till he was assured of the CM's post.Singh, after resigning, trained his guns on CM Prem Kumar Dhumal and called him the \"most corrupt and biggest liar in Himachal\".He said, \"In the last 50 years, I have handled many portfolios like tourism and steel and during my tenure, nobody has questioned my integrity or that of my family.\"The attack on BJP, as well as his remark that he resigned because he did not want to embarrass the party or the PM, was seen by Congress leaders as \"reassuring\".A five-term CM, Singh is seen to be apprehensive that there are attempts to sideline him in favour of his detractor and Union commerce minister Anand Sharma.Since Singh is the only mass leader from Congress in the state, the one-upmanship could hurt the party which is desperately eyeing victory. The recent decision to appoint Sharma as chairman of the state manifesto committee, with Singh a member under him, did not help matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418687", "title": "Yorke to Indian kids: Take your opportunities", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's well known that Indian football is way off the mark on the world stage and expecting instant results would be a distant thought.But if an Indian youngster needs inspiration, he should listen to former Manchester United striker Dwight Yorke, who hails from Trinidad and Tobago.Yorke, who was in the capital for an Airtel event to scout talent for under-16 players for a training camp at Manchester United, made no bones about pointing out that India is a long way off the world standards.\"It's (an Indian in big leagues) a long away. One can't expect much from these under-16 kids. But one has to start from somewhere,\" said Yorke pointing out that facilities in his native country were horrendous when he started playing football.However, he had words of motivation for young boys and girls, as he cited his own surge in top-flight football.\"The key is to take your opportunities. When I started as a 16-year-old the conditions were similar in my country as they are in India. Just like India, it was a cricket-crazy nation. But I got one opportunity when Aston Villa came talent-hunting and I pounced upon it and never looked back,\" Yorke mentioned, adding that the dream is to see India play in the World Cup some day.Reiterating Yorke's point, Indian captain Sunil Chhetri said: \"It's not easy to get into that league. When I went to Coventry and QPR, I was shocked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14426468", "title": "Common entrance test: Sibal to meet IIT directors today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union human resource and development (HRD) minister Kapil Sibal will meet the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) directors here on Wednesday to bring an end to the ongoing row over conducting a common entrance exam, according to TV reports.Rejecting Sibal's single entrance test proposal, IIT-Delhi has decided to conduct its own entrance exam from next year, following in the footsteps of IIT-Kanpur.Prof Atul Kumar Mittal of Civil Engineering Department at IIT had earlier last week termed the Centre's policy as an intrusion on the autonomy of IITs across the country.\"The main reasons are whatever resolution has been adopted by the IIT Delhi Senate on May 2, those resolutions have been rejected by the IIT Council in their meeting on May 12 and 28 May, which we felt is not correct and that is why IIT Delhi Senate rightly has rejected the Council's proposal and IIT Delhi's Senate feels that it is an intrusion on our autonomy,\" said Prof Mittal, according to ANI.\"So, it is a broader issue of the autonomy of our IIT system. And then we say what is the way forward, the way forward is that IIT will conduct its own exam, so we have decided that we will conduct our own exam,\" he added.Prof Sanjeev Sangrini, also of IIT Delhi, on his part said that the proposal of the government was an illogical decision as such the IITs would conduct their examinations similar to the previous years.\"So the Senate decided that enough is enough; whatever proposals we had put through, they were not acceded, whatever we had said and the proposal, which came, was a half way proposal, which had a lot of difficulties in implementation and the worse part was that there was insistence that this should be put into effect to 2013; we believe that if this would have been put into effect from 2013 then there would have been lot of problems, when the decision would have been implemented. Also it was an unsound decision,\" said Prof Sangrini.\"So, we decided we will not abide by that and what we have done is that we will conduct our exam similar to the exam last time. Now for children who may be confused that how many exams they will have to give, we have also decided that we will get in touch with other IITs, who would not like to follow the council's resolution and we will join hands with them and have an exam together with them,\" he added.IIT Kanpur had early this month rejected the proposed test terming it 'academically and methodically unsound'.The government had on May 28 announced the new test from 2013, under which aspiring candidates for IITs and other central institutes like NITs and IIITs will have to sit under new a format of common entrance test, which will also take plus two board results into consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421918", "title": "Soon, dignity for transgenders", "text": "MADURAI: Sumati has been clapping to get attention of shopkeepers to make ends meet for almost three decades. If everything works well, this transgender will stop begging soon. She would rather use her hands for rearing goats. \"Self-employment through animal husbandry\", a project by the Veterinary University Training and Research Centre (VUTRC) here has brought in light to struggling transgenders like Sumati in Madurai. At least 25 transgenders from the city participated in the workshop, which is the first of its kind in the state where transgenders are being encouraged to take up animal husbandry as a self-employment option. \"They prefer turkey farming and goat rearing, as these are not very expensive. If one can spend an initial investment of Rs 10,000, one can earn a profit of Rs 1,500 per month,\" said Pannai Muruganandan, professor and head of VUTRC.For Bhavana, a transgender, the workshop was an eye-opener. \"There are 1,500 like us in Madurai. No one treats us as human beings. It's a ray of hope for people like us,\" said Bavana, who loves to rear goats. However, Oorvasi, another transgender, said she would love to run a goat farm in her own land in Usilampatty. \"My father has agreed to give me some land in my home town Usilampatty. I love to rear goats there. They are like children to me. But now my aim is to mobilise funds for that,\" she says. As part of the first phase of the programme, the 25 transgenders who attended the workshop have been asked to collect details about others in the community. There are approximately 1,500 transgenders in and round the city, and most of them don't have a regular income. \"We have sent them to collect details from others in the community. They are doing the job sincerely. And many have showed interest. Once the field work is over, we will start the training programme. Each one will be trained in their respective areas, \" said Muruganandan, the brain behind the project.The Veterinary University Training and Research Centre at Thiruparankundram, under the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University, has also started looking for funds from Central and state level agencies, including NABARD for the completion of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14420714", "title": "US hopes its ties with Pak to be back on track under new prime minister", "text": "WASHINGTON: With the new prime minister in place in Pakistan, the US today hoped that its relationship with the new government in Islamabad would soon be back on track not only on political and economic issues, but also on issues related to counter-terrorism.\"Now that there is a declared successor,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters.The US wants to \"be able to move on together and to continue to work on strengthening not only our political and economic relationship, but our counterterrorism relationship and get back on track there.\"The United States has been working with the Pakistani government all along, she said, adding that the Pentagon just announced a senior-level visit to Pakistan for tomorrow.\"So we will continue to try to keep those channels open and do what we can to improve the situation,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14419282", "title": "Malaria cases plummet in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Candolim-Calangute beach belt is well on its way to being malaria-free with only 26 cases being detected this year, health officials said.Sachin Govekar, health officer, Candolim primary health centre said that there were more than 5,000 cases of malaria in 2007. Govekar was addressing an 'Advocacy workshop on vector-borne diseases' at the Calangute panchayat hall on Tuesday.Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar was the chief guest. Calangute MLA Michael Lobo was also present along with a large number of sarpanchas and panchas from Candolim, Calangute, Pilerne, Saligao, Sangolda, Nerul, Arpora-Nagoa, and Bardez deputy collector Sabaji Shetye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418977", "title": "Higher land compensation will push Western Coalfields Ltd deeper in red", "text": "NAGPUR: A decision that will result in a bounty for farmers of the region may leave a gaping hole in the balance sheet of Western Coalfields Ltd (WCL). The new policy to compensate those losing land for coal projects handsomely will cost the public sector coal companies heavily. The policy entails payment of Rs 6 to 10 lakh an acre for land, as against the average Rs 1 to 2 lakhs paid at present. The new policy is due to be submitted to the Coal India Limited (CIL) board for approval in a few days.WCL has been facing problems in acquiring land for new projects due to the low rates offered under its present relief and rehabilitation policy. WCL needs around 23,000 hectare land, of which only 9,000 hectare has been acquired by now as oustees find the compensation unattractive. The new policy fixes the rates in three categories of Rs 6, 8 and 10 lakh per acre. The lucrative offer is now attracting farmers to give up their land, but some company officials are apprehensive that this may wipe away its profits.The company is in a fix as it cannot go ahead with fresh acquisition at old rates but shelling out a higher amount appears unaffordable, especially since WCL has already projected a loss for the current financial year, said a source. The company may end up being trapped in a vicious circle of losses, unless it is allowed to charge more for coal.WCL may charge on cost plus basis in certain mines. Cost plus is a system under which WCL charges a markup on the basic cost of mining coal from some blocks. Under this, prices are usually double the government mandated rate. The coal otherwise available for Rs 900 a tonne is sold for Rs 2,300 a tonne after markup. If implemented, the private sector will have to shell out more for the coal, said sources.The company has already projected a loss of Rs 168 crore for 2012-13. However, the figure may increase as the new rates for land compensation were not taken into account. WCL, which recently released its financial results for 2011-12, has reported an over 50% fall in profits. As against Rs 1,067 crore the year before, WCL registered a profit of Rs 440 crore last year. This is because Rs 854 crore had to be set aside for a pay hike for staff.This year, the company will have to again incur extra expenditure of over Rs 450 crore on wages due to which Rs 168 crore loss has been projected. Another Rs 1,200 crore will be needed over the years for acquiring land at the new rates, said a senior company official.CIL on the whole has posted a profit of Rs 14,780 crore against Rs 10,867 crore last year. But this is due to earnings of all subsidiaries combined. WCL is also at a disadvantage because of a new gradation formula, which has reduced the prices of the coal it mines, while its overheads are higher compared to other subsidiaries due to typical geophysical conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14426895", "title": "Special glossy book 'Heritage Homes'", "text": "PANAJI: It would be now easy for tourists to glance through Goan-Portuguese architecture base heritage house situated across the state without visiting the sites has a special glossy book 'Heritage Homes' in Goa will be released in Friday.So sit back, kick off your shoes, get yourself a piping hot cup of tea and welcome to a journey into Goa's heritage world said publishers.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will release of a special glossy book 'Heritage Homes' in Goa, at the on June 29 at his chambers in the Secretariat, Porvorim.Heritage Homes in Goa is a 140 page coffee-table book contains a collection of 23 of the finest heritage homes which were published in magazine over the past 15 years.\"The homes have been meticulously re-photographed and commented upon, transporting you to a bygone era of grandeur and history\", said publishers Michael LoboThe book is published by FinDoll group of publications and it is the result of planning and hard work over the years. \"All to offer a publication milestone that can be treasured for years to come\", said publisher Tomoko LoboMichael said that the concept of this book is to 'SEE' rather than 'READ', hence the large photos alongside minimal supporting captions .A visual feast of the grand mansions that will transport you to a bygone era of opulence and grandeur, as you turn each page and unfold a story.Tomoko said that a part from photographs, it was also essential to capture the majesty of these Heritage houses in words. The mansions have a rich history, and limiting the words to fit this needwas undoubtedly challenging. We would like to thank Rinea Dourado and Meenakshi Chellam for their untiring efforts. They understood our concept and gave the text a lyrical significance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421850", "title": "Schools not responsible for students\u2019 safety: GR", "text": "MUMBAI: The state education de par tment on Tuesday released a new government resolution (GR) absolving schools that have contracts with bus operators of any responsibility towards students' safety should there be a mishap outside the educational institution's premises. The GR follows in the wake of a number of schools in Chembur cancelling their contracts with operators on the grounds that they will be unable to assure students' safety because they don't own the buses. TOI had reported the controversy in the School Bus Safety Policy on June 24.The decision to introduce the amendment was taken at a meeting , held by state education minister Rajendra Darda , and attended by school education secretary J S Saharia and transportsecretary S K Sharma on Tuesday morning following reports of many schools cancelling contracts with bus operators . \"We realized that schools were cancelling their contracts because they were being dragged into school bus safety issues where they have no part to play . We can't blame schools, especially those where buses are working on contracts . The new rule states that no action will be taken against such schools,\" said Darda . The rule will not be applicable to those schools that run their own fleet.The issue of who is responsible for students' safety and schools cancelling contracts with bus operators came to light in February when some education institutions across Mumbai and Navi Mumbai refused to renew contracts with operators . As per the earlier clause in the policy , schools and bus operators had to enter into an MoU, where school authorities were held equally responsible for students' safety . Many schools took umbrage over this and promptly cancelled bus contracts , and asked parents to organize transport arrangements for their children . Last week, a number of schools in Chembur area also terminated contracts with operators . \"Bus operators who have been working with the school for over 20 years were asked to leave because the school didn't want to shoulder the responsibility\" said a Chembur bus operator .The MOU will still be mandatory . \"Transporters will not get the RTO nod till they have an MOUin place . Schoolswhere buses are run on contract will not be held responsible if anything goes wrong ; it will be the transporter's responsibility ,\" Darda clarified . Bus operators were happy with this move .Onus on bus contractorsAs per the new GR released on Tuesday, schools that have contracts with bus operators will not be held responsible for students' safety outside the school premises. No action will be taken against the school should there a mishap. Nevertheless, schools will have to enter into an MoU with bus operators to ensure that stipulated safety norms are being followed. Those schools that operate their own fleet of buses will be responsible for their students' safety. Both schools and bus contractors have welcomed the government resolution.Chembur triggerAs per the earlier clause in the School Bus Safety Policy, schools and bus operators were supposed to enter into an MoU, where school authorities equally responsible for students' safety. Last week, many schools in Chembur their contracts with bus operators, but failed to provide a reason for their actions. Only later were bus operators informed that schools did not want to shoulder the responsibility of students' safety outside the premises. The GR was introduced on Tuesday, five days after TOI had reported on the controversy on June 24.August 31 deadline for bus operatorsThe transport department will release clauses under the School Bus Safety Policy by the end of the week. School bus operators have till August 31 to ensure that their buses have undergone the required modifications in accordance with the policy. \"We don't want any more delays. The transport department will ensure that the policy is implemented at the earliest. After August 31, the transport department will be very strict with the rules and won't show any sympathy towards bus operators that have failed to follow them,\" said state education minister Rajendra Darda.Rules under school bus safety policyThe policy has a set of 30-odd rules, and makes it mandatory for students to travel to school by a school bus and not a private vehicle. Some of the safety rules stipulate the following.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421312", "title": "PMCH junior doctors' stir on, panel sits on probe", "text": "PATNA: The committee constituted to inquire into the alleged manhandling of PMCH superintendent and one of the two deputy superintendents by the striking junior doctors has not submitted its report after 12 days of the incident.PMCH principal, Dr N P Yadav, who heads the three-member probe committee, said, \"The probe is on and it will take some time as we have to take the versions of all, including the doctors and the eyewitnesses who were present while the alleged incident of manhandling took place.\" He refused to give any time frame to submit the report.Meanwhile, PMCH junior doctors' strike entered its 13th day on Tuesday with no sign of it being called off. There is little possibility of the strike being called off before the probe committee report into the manhandling case is submitted and some action is taken on the basis of it. Earlier, principal secretary, health, Vyasji had asked the PMCH principal to submit the report as soon as possible.The junior doctors of Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) also remained on strike on the sixth consecutive day. They went on strike alleging mismanagement on the part of hospital authorities and demanding hike in stipend and implementation of Medical Health Protection Act in the state.Although, the Bihar government on Monday raised the stipend of the junior doctors from Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000, the move failed to placate the junior doctors as they continued with their strike demanding introduction of junior residency scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14421122", "title": "Bangalore techie found dead in US hotel", "text": "BANGALORE: A 26-year-old techie from Bangalore, who was in the US on an assignment, allegedly committed suicide in a New Jersey hotel room last week. He was wanted in connection with the murder of an American woman.Pawan Kumar Anjaiah, a software engineer with business and technology services major Cognizant, died allegedly of drug overdose, according to US media reports quoting Delaware state police. He died in a room in Belleville city of Wayne county in New Jersey state on June 19.The body of Pawan, a resident of RT Nagar, is in a Belleville hospital, sources told TOI. With no sign of the body arriving in Bangalore though a week has elapsed since his death, Pawan's family accused his employers of having washed their hands of the case and telling them not to speak to the media about it. But Cognizant denied this and said it was providing all assistance.Pawan's family believes he was innocent and not the kind who would be involved in any crime. Delaware police were looking for Pawan in connection with the alleged murder of Danille Mehlman, a 26-year-old teacher and mother of a four-year-old boy. Her body was found with multiple stab wounds in a hotel room in Dewey Beach, Delaware, on June 18.After preliminary investigations, Delaware police sounded an alert for Pawan, who was believed to have been sharing the room with the woman and possessed a deadly weapon. A day later, Pawan's body was found in the locked room of Belleville Motor Lodge. Pawan, who went to the US on an H-1B visa (non-immigrant) in early 2011, was scheduled to return to Bangalore next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14421572", "title": "Popeye had it right, spinach does help you grow stronger", "text": "LONDON: Popeye's yen for a can of spinach before bulging his biceps has a genuine scientific basis, as researchers have found that the green leafy vegetable really boosts the muscle power. As against the earlier notion that the iron content of spinach accounted for its status as a superfood, researchers at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden have found that it is the inorganic nitrate in the vegetable which is the secret behind its strength-giving property.The study found mice supplied with nitrate in their drinking water developed significantly stronger muscles by stimulating two key proteins, the Daily Mail reported . The quantity of nitrate that the mice received was roughly equivalent to that which a person would obtain by eating 200 to 300 grams of fresh spinach or two to three beetroots a day.The research team divided the mice into two groups, one which was given nitrate in their drinking water for seven days.A week into the experiment the team examined different muscles on the mice's legs and feet. They found that the mice that had been on consistent nitrate had much stronger muscles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422298", "title": "Cable operators fleece subscribers for STBs", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 5 lakh cable TV subscribers across the state still using analog TV and subscribing to cable TV are being fleeced by the cable operators under the garb of upgrading their set top boxes (STB) to digital mode. While the multi service operators (MSOs) are charging Rs 300 per STB the cable operators are charging the customers upto Rs 1500 per box.In some cases the digital viewing quality promised by the cable operators are missing as the picture quality is very poor compared to the DTH services.MSOs who are a bridge between the TV channels and local cable TV operators say that the STBs cost them about Rs 2000 which they are providing to the customer at a heavily subsided rate of Rs 300 per connection. They are not aware about what the local cable operator is charging from the customer.Digi Net is providing STBs charging Rs 1500 from the subscribers in the Shalimar Township area while the same operator is charging about Rs 2000 per customer in other parts of the city.Iqbal Singh Chhabra, president, MP MSO and cable operators association, said that earlier the STBs, which are being provided by Hathway, were priced at Rs 500 which has now been hiked to Rs 750 per unit. Hence, we have asked cable operators to provide it to the subscribers at Rs 1000. If some of cable operators are charging more than that then I am not aware of it\", he said.Dharmesh Goyal, CEO, Hathway Bhaskar which is an MSO in Indore, said that they get STBs at a cost of Rs 2000 per set and provide it to the subscribers at a subsidised cost of Rs 300. \"But, the problem is that even we are not aware at what cost the STBs are being made available to the subscribers by the cable operators\", he added.The tantrums by the cable operators and poor viewing quality have already forced a majority of cable TV subscribers in the state to switch over to DTH service.Cable TV operators who wished anonymity said they are not charging for STBs but are offering it free to customers who are subscribing to six months service for Rs 1500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14418067", "title": "Naga Students' Federation demands release of abducted workers", "text": "KOHIMA: Naga Students' Federation (NSF) condemned the June 10 abduction of two persons by militant outfit Karbi People Liberation Tigers ( KPLT) and demanded that the group unconditionally release the two persons, both labourers, namely Kelesel Kikhi and Khroviho Kikhi.In a statement, NSF said that underground rebels continue to intimidate the innocent public at a time when the northeastern states are trying to \"raise a common and united voice against discrimination and negligence of people of the region.\"\"It is unbecoming on the part of national workers to intimidate innocent public. The federation therefore calls upon the northeastern people to unitedly raise their voices against such inhuman practices,\" stated the NSF statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14421669", "title": "Surjeet being released, not Sarabjit: Zardari's spokesman", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Within hours of Pakistan reportedly throwing a lifeline to Sarabjit Singh , the alleged Indian spy who was on death row on charges of terrorism, by commuting his sentence, his hopes were dashed as a Pakistani Presidential spokesman \"clarified\" past midnight that the Indian prisoner they planned to release was Surjeet Singh, who has been jailed for three decades and received a pardon in 1989.News reports of an imminent release for Sarabjit, perhaps in a matter of days, had played out for hours before Pakistan chose to issue the clarification disassociating the President from the decision \u2014 indicating that foul play at the highest levels of the Pakistani government could not be ruled out. Sarabjit, 49, has been in Kot Lakhpat Jail for the past 22 years in what he claims is a case of mistaken identity.News reports quoted Pakistani law minister Farooq Naek as saying President Asif Ali Zardari had commuted Sarabjit's death sentence to life term. In the statement issued past midnight, though, the spokesman, Farhatullah Babar , said the law minister had, in fact, told the interior ministry that Surjeet Singh had completed his life term and ought to be released and sent back to India.\"There is some confusion. First, it is not a case of pardon. More importantly, it is not Sarabjit. It is Surjeet Singh ... His death sentence was commuted in 1989 by President (Ghulam) Ishaq (Khan),\" Babar said.22-year ordeal continuesAugust 1990: Sarabjit crosses over to Pak near Kasur. Arrested, charged with involvement in serial blasts in Lahore &amp; Multan in 1990 that left 14 dead1991: Awarded death sentence by anti-terror courtMarch 2006: Pak Supreme Court rejects Sarabjit's mercy petition, upholds death sentenceMarch 2008: Ex-president Pervez Musharraf rejects Sarabjit's mercy petition May 2012 Sarabjit files fresh mercy plea, accepted by President ZardariJune 26: News reports emerge that Sarabjit Singh's death sentence has been commuted, to be freed. Past midnight, Pak clarifies that prisoner to be released is Surjeet Singh, who was pardoned in 1989, not Sarabjit.(With inputs from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419056", "title": "Investigators see Jundal trail leading to Hafiz Saeed in 26/11 attacks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lashkar terrorist Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has given more details on the 26/11 conspiracy, boosting hopes of Indian investigators that he may provide them crucial information about other handlers of the terrorist attack on Mumbai and their links with the ISI, as well as the personal involvement of LeT chief Hafiz Saeed in the audacious assault.\"He was one of the masterminds and is our best chance yet to nail the lies of Saeed and ISI; absolutely critical for us,\" said a senior official familiar with the details provided by the Lashkar terrorist, who directed the 26/11 attackers from the Lashkar control room.Attack planned in 2006The confidence stems from Jundal's disclosure that he was involved in the 26/11 plot since it was conceived, something that makes him even special, and raises him from being a handler of the attackers to one of the masterminds. The 36-year-old Maharashtra-born terrorist, who was handed over to India by Saudi authorities, has said that the plan for a big terrorist attack on Mumbai was first mooted in 2006. It was meant to be a fidayeen mission involving Indian operatives of Lashkar, but had to be aborted after the arrests of 11 activists of outlawed Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) in connection with the Aurangabad arms haul case.Importantly, Jundal or Zabi is one of the main accused in the case involving the seizure of a huge cache of arms and ammunition by Maharashtra ATS. \"This as well as the fact that he played a key part until the day the conspiracy was executed confirms that he can provide clarity on crucial aspects of the case,\" stressed sources. They also said that Jundal, who selected the targets for Ajmal Kasab and others, has shown no remorse for being involved in the killing of so many innocents, including fellow Maharashtrians.The plan was revived in 2007 but with a change in the script. Alerted by the arrests of SIMI activists, the masterminds decided to enlist only Pakistanis for the plot. According to Jundal, the revised plan took final shape sometime in November 2007, a year before the attack, in one of the Lashkar safe houses in Karachi, which was called \"Beit-ul-Mujahideen'.Jundal has told investigators that though Saeed and Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi were the main planners of the attack, it was Muzammil, the operational commander of Lashkar, who supervised the attack, beginning 26/11. Barring Saeed, Muzammil, Lakhvi, Azam Cheema, Zarar Shah, Sajid Majeed alias Sajid Meer and Jundal stayed put in the control room through the three days of the mayhem.Saeed remained in touch with those in the control room, sources quoted Jundal as telling the interrogators.Although 30-35 young Lashkar operatives were initially selected, the jihadi leaders eventually trimmed the list to select the ablest 10 of the lot.According to sources, it was Muzammil, described by US's FBI as \"Member D\" of Lashkar, who, in a meeting they had at Beit-ul-Mujahideen, instructed Jundal to familiarize Kasab and the other attackers with the basics of Hindi usage and Mumbai's topography as part of the plan to attack the city.Jundal also disclosed the regular visits of Major Iqbal of ISI and Major Sameer Ali of Pakistani army to the meetings in Karachi and Muzzafarabad.The Lashkar terrorist from Beed in Maharashtra, who travelled to Saudi Arabia using the alias of Riyasat Ali on a fake Pakistani passport, has also given details of the tough training Kasab and other members of his gang were made to go through. Besides firing assault rifles, the group was trained to launch grenades and communicate through VoIP and satellite phones. They were shown CDs of Mumbai's CST station and were familiarized with roads and routes they were to take to reach their targets.The first attempt to enter Mumbai through the sea was made in September 2008, but had to be abandoned due to choppy waters.According to sources, Jundal told interrogators that there was considerable jubilation in the Lashkar control room that the killer squad had hit all the targets decided by Muzammil and him: Taj Hotel, Oberoi Trident, Chatrapati Shivaji Terminus, Leopold Cafe, Cama Hospital, Nariman House Jewish Community Centre, Metro Cinema, St Xavier's College, Mazagaon and Vile Parle.Although the attackers perished in the attack, Jundal and other Lashkar handlers hugged and congratulated each other for the success of the terrorists in pinning down India's security forces for a full three days.However, Kasab's arrest took away from the celebration. They had reckoned that none of the attackers would survive. \"There was considerable panic in the control room when it was learnt that Kasab had been captured alive,\" sources quoted Jundal as telling officials of Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14418129", "title": "Tripura government to withdraw 1300 criminal cases", "text": "AGARTALA: The Left Front government in Tripura, in a controversial move, has issued an order to withdraw 1,300 criminal cases, of heinous nature, against 736 hardcore extremists.This decision comes at a time when opposition Congress is pursuing to refer all militancy related cases to National Investigating Agency (NIA). The Manik Sarkar-government's decision has already been communicated to all public prosecutors, who will file petition to lower courts to withdraw all pending criminal cases against the under trial militants.State Congress president Sudip Roy Barman on Tuesday slammed the state government over this move and accused the CPM and chief minister Manik Sarkar of patronizing banned militant outfits for their narrow political interests.\"The government decision to withdraw 1,300 cases against 736 under trial extremists before the assembly elections, violating the norms and guidelines of the ministry of home affairs (MHA), is an evidence of CPM's association with militants,\" he said.He said, according to MHA guidelines, the state government cannot withdraw any case against any extremist that was heinous in nature like murder, rape, extortion and abduction.CPM spokesman Goutam Das, he said, had already admitted to meeting with surrendered militants early this month. Previous records of statements of surrendered extremists also reveal that CPM had political links with them and Bangladesh Nationalist Party.\"If any militancy-related incident occurs in the state now, the state government and CPM party will be held responsible because they do not refer such cases to NIA. Rather they rely on state CID, which has become a frontal organization of the ruling party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14420162", "title": "KSRTC to reschedule 38 services via Chamravattom", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The KSRTC, in an effort to streamline its services, will reschedule its 38 services through the newly opened Chamravattom route and start new services from next week.The move is likely to redress the complaints of bus passengers who have been demanding more services. The role played by KSRTC buses in this route, which was opened last month, is key to the locals here mainly because the motor vehicle department has not granted permits for private buses to operate.The people in the region were also unhappy about the timings of ordinary services of the KSRTC between Ponnani and Tirur and superfast and town-to-town services between Ernakulam and Kozhikode. The assistant transport officer (ATO) of Ponnani, C Krishna Das said, the new schedule is expected to be more convenient for the passengers. \"It will be announced after an approval from the zonal office in Thrissur,\" he said.Currently six ordinary services ply between Ponnani and Tirur and four superfast services between Ernakulam and Kozhikode. When the route was opened for traffic, KSRTC had introduced only ten services including services between Ernakulam and Kozhikode. Following the demands from various corners the corporation increased the number of services on May 22.The district transport officer K P Janardhanan told TOI that the final decision on the route permit and the number of services would be taken by the zonal office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418698", "title": "Hike in power tariff: BJP flays decision, to protest on June 29", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the power tariff hike as an \"extreme atrocity\" on the common man, the Delhi BJP has decided to hit the streets on June 29. Leader of Opposition in Delhi Assembly VK Malhotra and state BJP chief Vijender Gupta have demanded an inquiry into the functioning of DERC, discoms and the Delhi government.Delhi Congress chief JP Agarwal was also not supportive of the hike. \"We were never consulted on the hike. We do not agree with the steep rise.\"Chief minister Sheila Dikshit was unavailable for comment. However, earlier in day she said her government had no role in the hike. DERC, an independent entity, is authorized to decide the tariff, she said. \"The commission organized public hearings to assess views of all stakeholders. We will look into the order after we receive a copy,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426157", "title": "Beware of racist bullies on Twitter!", "text": "British actor of Indian origin Shobna Gulati quit Twitter, footballers Ashley Cole and Ashley Young were snubbed online. Is racial abuse returning to haunt Britain?The ghost of Jade Goody's racial taunt has returned to haunt yet another actor of Indian origin when \"Coronation Street\" star Shobna Gulati was forced to quit Twitter after Trolls mutilated her photos and posted them online tagging them with indecent comments. While one wrote: \"You're not British, you're foreign (sic)\", another tweeted: \"You have got to be the ugliest f***** I've ever seen (sic).\" Forty five-year-old Shobna, who plays Sunita in the soap, has gone on record to state that though she had initially tried to ignore the remarks, soon they affected her confidence level. On June 17, she quit twitter with the post: \"tweets ta dees need another twitter break. Thanks for the banter the follows the support loved being back but now time to sort other stuff (sic).\"Racism or gender issue? While racial abuse is a concern, the larger question is whether Gulati, who was born in Odlham to Indian parents, became a target because of her Indian origin or gender. Earlier reports had mentioned that Sunita had faced the flak when her character in the soap had been shown to enjoy a fling with Karl Munro ( John Michie ) despite living with partner Dev Alahan (Jimmi Harkishin). At that time, she had also gone on record to state that she was facing all this backlash because of her gender. Her tweets back then read: \"Use of the word 'slag' for a woman who is \"cheating\" commonplace with you tweeters and nothing is said about the man WOW #justsayin #baffled. Since doing this story about sunita and being back on twitter I realise that we are still in a world of misogynists #2012. Yawn yawn yawn bored of the misogyny now!\"Is racism still so rampant in Britain? However, Shobna's isn't the only recent case of alleged racism on Twitter. Before her, \"The Only Way Is Essex\" star Lauren Goodger was called a \"fat kebab-legged ogre\" and \"I wish the sperm that made you never found the egg\" while being bullied via Twitter on a regular basis. More recently, the Football Association has expressed concern over offensive posts after footballers Ashley Cole and Ashley Young missed penalties and England was defeated in the Euro 2012 quarter finals. Someone calling himself Steve, using @Lapwnage as his Twitter ID, praised Italian star Andrea Pirlo , adding: \"He could give those two black m******* Ashley Young and Ashley Cole a lesson or two (sic) \". He followed it up with comments that the two players were \"worthless n******' who should be deported to Africa (sic) \". On being hauled up by other users for making such remarks, he accused one of being a \"smelly Paki\". However, the user later did a turnaround saying: \"Just a joke, you guys need to relax, police know I was kidding around and they won't bother me hopefully\". Calling the comments \"appalling and unacceptable\", FA has issued a statement saying it supports any police investigation in identifying who is behind this.While cops are investigating the issue, in March this year a student from South Wales was jailed for 56 days when he racially abused two Twitter users and mocked Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba after he collapsed and almost died. But not everyone agrees that racial abuse has taken on any epidemic proportion in Britain as yet. Harsha Gopal, a paparazzo based in London who was in the news a few years ago for alleging that she was hit by Jude Law while photographing him, says, \"Shobna is quite popular here in London and I'm surprised that she has been through all this. She has been doing this soap for a while now and it's surprising that she is facing such an abuse now. London is a very cosmopolitan and welcoming city. I have never heard or faced any such incident. This perhaps is a very rare case that's being highlighted.\"British writer Farrukh Dhondy, \"Racism is not what it used to be in Britain. It used to be ignorant bigotry and that has sort of gone \u2014 now it's determined fascists \u2014 much smaller scale but still unpleasant. I don't watch \"Corrie\" but catch glimpses of it and always notice if there's an 'ethnic' actor on screen. I think Twitter is one of the most mindless institutions of our age and it's ludicrous that politicians and people of some intellect and culture feel they have to transmit their more than vacuous comments through the microblogging site. It is very unfortunate that Ms G has had this clearly race-biased hate-mail on her Twitter but I am sure anyone who indulges in this vanity of wanting to be heard and admired must know that the Tweet is not an instrument of the Garden of Eden \u2014 there are devils lurking. Those who live by the tweet shall be knocked about by the Tweet. I am happy for Ms G that she has given up this noxious pastime. I recommend a good book.\"Dealing with cyber bullying Twitter has a helpline that gives advice on how to deal with online bullies. Since retaliation can reinforce bad behaviour, it is best never to forward or retweet bullying or mean messages. Shobna, however, hadn't followed this since she often retweeted those who bullied. But her logic was that she wanted her followers to block those abusing her. Blocking prevents the user from following you or replying to you. Twitter doesn't pre-screen content or remove potentially inflammatory content unless it violates the site's conditions. It can't provide legal advice. It's best to contact the cops if things have a potential of going out of hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421883", "title": "Textbooks in short supply, students stranded", "text": "MADURAI: Non-availability of school textbooks in the open market has left private school students in the lurch as many parents can be seen at shops in Pudumandapam area hunting for books for their children. Especially, textbooks for Plus 1 are in great demand as book sellers claim they don't have supply from the Tamil Nadu Text Book Corporation. However, education department officials have stressed that indents are being collected from all private schools and measures were being taken to supply books through the respective schools.While government schools and aided schools were provided with free books at their schools, private schools ask their students to procure books on their own. Procuring books in the open market has turned out to be a tough task for parents as sellers claim they have no supply.Sahuber Shadik from Madurai who was searching for books for his daughter who is in Plus 1 in a private school here said he was searching for the books for the last five days but to no avail. \"After the schools reopened for Plus 1 on June 22, I have been roaming around Pudumandapam for books, but am not able to get them,\" he said. His daughter, who accompanied him, said she was not able to do her homework without textbooks. \"Some of our students managed to get textbooks, but we are not able to follow the lessons without textbooks,\" she said. Some parents also alleged that the sellers were hoarding books and compelling them to buy answer guide books along with textbooks. \"I have been running around book shops for the entire week without any luck. A reputed private school in the city where my daughter is studying is pressuring us to get books from the open market,\" a parent who did not want to be quoted said. \"I am just wondering if the sellers are withholding books because a few students in the class do manage to get them,\" he said.It appears that books sellers are eager to palm off answer guide books since they will fetch them additional profit margins. A book seller from Pudumandapam who sought anonymity said some sellers were indeed involved in such acts. \"While a textbook set for Plus 1 will get us just Rs 240, the answer guide book set can be sold for Rs 900. Hence, some sellers are involved in forcing parents to get answer guide books along with textbooks,\" he said. \"Generally, booksellers size-up parents, and if they feel that they have no nuisance value, they try and force them to buy answer guide books for Rs 1,200. Otherwise, they flatly cite \"no stock\" as the reason for not selling the books,\" he said. However, M Sikandhar Mohaideen, secretary of the Tamil Nadu Book Sellers Association said they don't have supplies from the government.\"There is a general shortage of textbooks due to lack of supply. We are given five percent profit margin on books for classes 1 to 10 and 9.5 percent on books for classes 11 to 12. We have to collect books from the godown at Kappalur. The margin is very meagre and we are not able to manage transportation cost. It will be good if the textbook corporation starts issuing books at its office in Kochadai, which is in the city limits,\" Mohaideen said.M C Abilash, secretary of the Madurai Matriculation Schools Association, said they allow students to get their own books. \"We don't want to pressure them to buy books from us and they can even use second hand books or download the content from the government website. We are informed that the education department is collecting indents from private schools to supply books. The problem will be solved soon,\" he said. Chief education officer S Nagaraja Murugan said the inspector of matriculation schools was working on providing textbooks at schools.\"We have asked principals to submit indents for books and we are supplying the textbooks to schools. But textbooks for a few subjects are yet to be received in the godown. So private schools may be waiting to collect all books together. As the books are expected to reach in a couple of days, non-availability will not be a problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418937", "title": "Reliance synchronizes 300MW unit at Butibori plant", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the units at Reliance Power Limited's thermal power project at Butibori was synchronized with the grid on Tuesday. Synchronization of a power plant is similar to trial runs before starting full-fledged operations.Reliance, which has formed a separate company, Vidarbha Industries Power Limited ( VIPL), for the project is coming up with a 600MW power plant, having 2 units of 300MW each at Butibori. A press release issued by the company says that the synchronization will take total generation capacity of Reliance Power to 1,540MW. The unit which was synchronized within a period 21 months has come up at a cost of over Rs 3,600 crore. The project spread over 275 acres is dubbed as one of the most compact power plants.The power generated through this plant will mainly be supplied to industrial units and distribution companies of the state. The second unit of the plant is expected to be ready by the end of the year, said the press release.The unit synchronized on Tuesday is expected to be fully operational soon, said an official of the company. However, as far as supply to industrial units in the region is concerned, not much demand has been generated in Butibori industrial estate, said president of Butibori Manufacturers Association ( BMA) Hemant Ambaselkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421841", "title": "Minister denies links with Jundal", "text": "MUMBAI: Minister of state for education Fauzia Khan on Tuesday rubbished allegations that she had links with Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, one of the key masterminds in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks, and said she was willing to face any investigation over it. There were allegations that Khan, who is from the same area as Jundal, had helped him to stay at the old legislators' hostel near Mantaralaya in 2009. The room allegedly belonged to Khan, who even then had denied knowing Jundal and providing him assistance .\"This question had even come up in the assembly and I was even then given a clean cheat. I still maintain I don't have any link with Jundal,\" she told reporters, adding that many people come and stay at legislators' hostel and it is difficult to be aware of their backgrounds.Home minister R R Patil also dismissed the allegations and said the only connection between Khan and Jundal was that both belonged to Beed district. \"There is no truth in the rumors that Jundal stayed at the legislators' hostel. It is needs to be probed where is the origin of these rumors,\" Patil told reporters.He said the allegations are completely baseless and have been already proved wrong. \"A question regarding this had come up in the state assembly and even then we had clarified there is no basis to this allegation ,\" he said. Patil said Maharashtra is hopeful of an early custody of Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14420869", "title": "Probe ordered into road 'irregularities' in Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ: An Integrated Action Plan (IAP) scheme to construct a 1.2 km stretch of road and its black topping has run into controversy in Palamu. The scheme, estimated to cost of Rs 22 lakh, would connect Lidki village under Chainpur block. IAP schemes are only launched in Maoist-affected districts to keep youths from taking up arms and join rebel groups.Sources said though the scheme was still in progress questions were being raised about the quality of the work. Cracks have appeared on the road and its thickness is also under the scanner. Some say even the width of the road is not in accordance with the specifications laid down in the estimates.Palamu DC Pooja Singhal said an inquiry team has been set up with two executive engineers in the team from the National Rural Employment Programme and rural engineering organization as members to look into the alleged irregularities. Additional district magistrate (Naxalite) will head the probe team, the DC said.Meanwhile, work on the scheme has stopped. The DC said now there would be no new payments and the executing agency has been served a show cause notice.The probe team has been asked to delve into any nexus between the engineer responsible for monitoring the scheme and the contractor doing the work. Sources said the engineer has not reported anything adverse about this IAP scheme to the district administration. The DC has threatened to blacklist the contractor who has undertaken the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419496", "title": "MIDC to take up labour cess row", "text": "NASHIK: The row over collection of labour cess has reached the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), which will take up the issue with the state labour commissioner.A delegation from Nashik that visited top MIDC officers in Mumbai, has been assured that the issue would be taken up soon.The industrial associations have been accusing MIDC of recovering the labour cess wrongly from companies, including those industries that are already covered under the Labour Act. A delegation of office-bearers from Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) and Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), urged the deputy CEO of MIDC Madhukar Raje Ardad to sort out the issue at a recent meeting in Mumbai.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, President, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"The way MIDC is recovering labour cess is completely wrong. Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded from labour cess, but MIDC has been recovering cess in a blanket manner. During a recent state-level meeting of the Rajya Udyog Mitra, the labour department had clarified that companies which are under the Factory Act are not applicable for paying cess. We had informed the MIDC to follow up the labour department's guidelines, but it did not.\"\"Finally, we met the deputy CEO of MIDC and discussed the issue. He has assured us that he would soon hold talks with the Head Office of the Labour Department on the issue and will find out solution, shortly,\" he said.The issue had also come up during the last meeting of Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM). The then collector P Velarasu had directed officials of the office of the deputy labour commissioner (DLC) to examine the ways MIDC recovers labour cess, within the 15 days, but it was ignored by the Office of the DLC.When contacted, senior official from the office of DLC said, \"We have already sent the proposal in this regard to the Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board and the matter is pending with it.\"The MIDC charges labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. The cess is collected while sanctioning construction plans. The revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the accounts of Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board. This fund is then spent for the welfare of labourers across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14408307", "title": "Who are the soccer hotties this season?", "text": "Some might say that the Euro 2012 is almost like a mini World Cup. They say women are attracted to men in uniform, well, suffice to say that women also drool over the football jerseys that the players are wearing. Think David Beckham, think Ricardo Kaka, think Alessandro Del Piero! Well, they were not just the greatest soccer players of their time, but the hottest too. Here is a list of the hottest footballers this Euro, some of whom, unfortunately have had to catch a flight back home earlier than expected...Xavi Hernandez If there is someone who could easily be called an 'intelligent football player', it is Spain's Xavi. Known to be the greatest playmaker of his generation, Xavi has a rather unique fan following across the globe. The 32-year-old (well, he doesn't look like one!) has swayed his fans with his simple and straightforward attitude. He was recently quoted saying, \"I am a player from the streets.\" Well, his modesty sure needs to be appreciated. Known fondly as the 'The Puppet Master', Xavi is a charmer for sure.Iker Casillas The Spanish are so good looking that they can take you on an enjoyable excursion to your dreamland. And Iker Casillas is no exception to this rule. Having led his team to victory in the FIFA World Cup 2010, this goalie can stop almost any shot that tries to force its way through his hands. He's been voted the second most famous Spanish footballer throughout 2010, and what's more, he even won the La Liga title as the Real Madrid captain, this May. We're sure it's wonderful to be blessed with such reflexes.GEorgios Samaras The 6'4\" Samaras can easily be called a Greek god. The Celtic striker has not just wowed his fans with his game skills, but also due to his looks. Having earned over 50 caps and representing Greece at almost all the top football tournaments like 2010 World Cup, Euro 2008 and Euro 2012, his career seemed to be going great guns. His uncanny and rugged look has also garnered him several female fans. We are sure he's a good bet for Hollywood too!Cristiano Ronaldo What's a hottest Euro players list without Ronaldo? The player from Portugal has undergone a drastic makeover from the time he started right up to now. From his boyish looks to his recent pictures as a model for a high-end underwear brand (where he sports a six pack) - female fans are unable to take their eyes off his chiselled body. And it's not just his looks that gained Ronaldo popularity. His unique style of playing, breaking records (when he scored over 60 goals for Real Madrid and broke his own previous record) and his straightforward interviews, where he was quoted saying that he is \"better than Messi\" had people taking at a serious look at this 27-year-old player.Olivier Giroud From a local hero to a global star, Giroud has come a long way indeed. The French footballer, who made his international debut in November 2011, has put up a decent performance in the tournament. While he may be still on his way to making it big in the international football scene, he has made quite a number of female fans with his 'chocolate boy' looks. With his latest tattoo and a kiss shared with Mathieu Debuchy at a recent tournament doing the rounds in social media, Giroud is definitely trending.Steven Gerrard Zinedine Zidane once rhetorically said, \"Is he the best in the world?\" and one can safely say that Zidane knew what he was talking about. Steven Gerrard performance this Euros has been striking, having set up goals for his team. This England captain and Liverpool mid-fielder breezed his team through the quarterfinals, but too bad they got served by the Italians. Steven may be \"heartbroken\" about the defeat, but his cute boy-next-door looks still make him oh-so-endearing.Mathieu Debuchy France may have made an early exit but, but this French defender made heads turn when the French played the English. And we hear that Chelsea now wants to sign him up. His rugged looks and perfect jaw make him drool-worthy, and yes, he is definitely someone to watch out for.Mesut Ozil After gaining a reputation as an attacking midfielder in the FIFA World Cup 2010, he is one of Germany's playmakers. The Germans may have just pocketed their win this Euro with Mezut scoring five times and passing the ball just as efficiently. No wonder Jouse Mourinho, coach of Real Madrid said, \"Ozil is unique. There is no copy of him - not even a bad copy.\" His big eyes and jet black hair may be a bit unconventional, but he is certainly alluring for anyone with a taste for geeky boys.Karim Benzema The French player who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid is quite a stunner. He's one of those football players who looks cool on the field and off it as well. With his funny expressions and charming smile, the 24-year-old player sure knows how to turn heads. Though the critics were harsh with him earlier, Benzema proved them wrong with his spectacular performance this season.Robin Van Persie This Arsenal captain, who scored the fastest goal of the 2010-2011 English Premier League, is not only hot, but one who has his fans delighted. He may have 72 goals to his tally, but we're sure fans gush far more when they see him run like the wind onfield. This 29-year-old Dutch striker might not have performed well this Euro, but his poker-straight nose and high cheek bones make up for a few poorly aimed shots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "14419948", "title": "54 held for attack on dalits", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: The CID has arrested 54 people in connection with the attack on dalits in Lakshmipeta village of Vangara mandal in the district. Five dalits were killed in the attack by the Kapu community members in the village on June 12 over a land dispute.Police have identified 65 persons for their role in the attack and named former MPP Botsa Vasudeva Naidu and another person Avula Srinivasa Rao as prime accused in the case. Several dalits and people's organizations have been demanding the arrest of both Naidu and Rao for their participation in the attack. Allegations have also been levelled against PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and minister Kondru Murali for providing shelter to the key accused.Additional director general of CID, S Gopala Reddy, who reviewed the case here on Tuesday, said that eight special teams have been deployed to nab Vasudeva Naidu and Srinivasa Rao and others. \"If anybody gives information about the duo, they would be suitably rewarded,\" he said. The government ordered the CID inquiry after pressure mounted from various groups. The accused were booked under the SC/ST Atrocities Act. District SP KVV Gopala Rao said his department would release the photos of the prime accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419091", "title": "DU: Cutoffs top of mind, colour and cut not behind", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the first day of admissions in Delhi University , students came prepared not just for the soaring cutoffs but also the heat. Well aware of how much they would have to run around, students decided to keep it cool and airy when it came to their attire. In fact, many gave a serious thought to what they would wear.Taran Khurrana, 17, sauntered into Shaheed Bhagat Singh College in cargo pants, T-shirt and running shoes. \"On a normal day, you would find me wearing flip-flops, but I wore sneakers today as I knew would have to run from one college to another,\" he said. \"I chose to wear cargo pants as it is too hot for denims. Besides, I'd be out in the sun for so long.\"Suhavini Singh, who had applied for political science in Lady Shri Ram College, made a conscious decision to wear slippers and shorts considering the weather. \"I wanted to look nice but not overdo it. Moreover, it is too hot and to get admission I'd have to move from one counter to another. I, thus, decided on a cotton shirt and shorts,\" she said.Some like Tejaswini sported a dainty sling bag. Though it looked trendy, the idea was to be well equipped, as she carried a stapler, glue stick and pens in that bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14421450", "title": "Railway station renovation an utter disappointment", "text": "DHARWAD: When development works were taken up at the Dharwad railway station, people of the region were an elated lot. The century-old station, which once boasted of being the headquarters of the Southern Railway, had not seen development for over decades. Hence, when the SWR decided to take up renovation of Dharwad railway station, people were naturally gladdened. However, they were in for disappointment as the works progressed, because, Instead of making life better for passengers, the ill-planned works have hindered their movement and brought them miseries. The SWR has spent nearly Rs 3 crore for renovation of the railway station. The works taken up include extension of platforms, construction of new platforms, construction of skywalk and ramp and installation of digital boards among others.The ramp, which is supposed to help the movement of trolleys and wheelchairs from one platform to the other, has not been useful as it is constructed at the far end of the platform and one has to cover nearly 450 meters from the entrance gate to reach the ramp. The ramp connects platform no. 1 to platform no. 4 and it is not useful to those who want to go to platform no. 2 and 3. Interestingly all the important trains like Bangalore-bound Rani Channamma Express, Samparka Kranti Express, Swarna Jayanti Express and Vasco-Chennai Express arrive on platform no. 2 and 3. They have to use steps at the skywalk to reach platform no. 2 and 3 which becomes difficult for wheelchair-bound passengers.Platform no. 2 and 3 which accommodate important long distance trains do not have signboards indicating the name of the railway station (Dharwad) and the passengers sitting in the train fail to know which station they have reached.The dead end of the platform no. 2 and 3 have neither seating arrangement nor shelter and the passengers waiting to board the train will have to stand till the train arrives. The digital display on platforms is most of the time defunct. Platform no. 2 has digital display indicating bogey numbers for Bangalore-bound Rani Channamma Express. But this facility is not available to the passengers boarding other trains arriving on this platform. The skywalk connecting platform no. 2 to platform no. 1 and 4 has no board to indicate the exit point. Many times the passengers who are new to the place go in the wrong direction.The newly constructed platform no. 4 accommodates Dharwad-Solpaur passenger and Bellary-Dharwad passenger trains. However, this platform has become a free-for-all as it adjoins Kalyan Nagar road. Vehicles move freely on the platform from Kalyan Nagar to Danu Nagar and Tejaswi Nagar. The ramp is also freely used by two-wheeler riders to move from Tejaswi Nagar end to Malamaddi through platform no. 4 and 1.The station has very few porters and trolleys to carry the luggage and often the passengers are found dragging their luggage with difficulty.While this is the plight of the passengers inside the station, lack of bus facility to reach various localities in the city during early and late hours makes them depend on autorickshaws and private transport. Autorickshaws often charge exorbitant fare and measures to discipline them have gone futile.P G Narsapur, member of railway station consultative committee suggests creation of a city bus terminal at the railway station so that passengers from various localities will have road connectivity with the railway station. The residents of Kalyan Nagar, who have to cross the railway gate to reach the city have been demanding construction of an over bridge for several years and the authorities have not done anything about it. Narsapur said Dharwad station should be developed on the model of Yeshwantpur in order to reduce pressure on Hubli station.Additional Divisional Railway Manager G K Dwivedi told The Times of India that the ramps in the railway station were meant for movement of trolleys belonging to railways and not for passengers. He said the ramps would be closed as they were not serving the purpose. The passengers are supposed to use only footover bridge.Regarding the free movement of two/three/four wheelers on platform no 4, he said he had no knowledge about this and assured that steps would be taken to stop entry of private vehicles on the platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422889", "title": "'Separated twins recovering well\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: A week after the conjoined twins were separated, the two are responding well to treatment and recovering well bringing back relief and smiles on the faces of doctors and paramedical staff at the Multispeciality hospital in Padhar in Betul district.A team of doctors and paramedics from India and abroad operated upon the conjoined twins in a 12-hour operation on June 20. Stuti smiled and watched cartoons on TV on Tuesday while Aradhna, her sister, is recuperating albeit slowly.The operation took place at Padhar hospital, though there was an offer from Great Ormond Street, one of the best hospitals of the world in London with an expertise to separate conjoined twins.The whole staff of the hospital is so much attached to the now separated conjoined twins, that they are watching each and every movement made by the two kids in the hospital bed.Dr Rajiv Choudhrie, the hospital superintendent told TOI, \"Stuti is good. She was hungry and had her food. She watches cartoons on TV that we have specially arranged for her. She gets upset only when someone comes in front of TV obstructing her vision.\"He said that Aradhna is also doing well but her recovery is slow. \"The position in which the two twins were joined from the chest and abdomen, after the surgery the effect on Aradhna's body was more than that of Stuti,\" the doctor explained.As they were joined from the chest, both would take some time to get used to breathing individually, he explained.Both are being fed orally semi elemental diet and partly pre- digested easy- for-intestine food, he said.Dr Choudhrie said that there was an offer from Great Ormond Street for the surgery and they were ready to meet all the expenses too. But we decided to do it.\"May be more because of emotional attachment\", he said. The entire staff is working over time to see the twins get normal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420720", "title": "Woman, four men held for forcibly vacating flat", "text": "BANGALORE: A 35-year-old woman and four men were caught while trying to escape after packing household articles from an apartment on Lavelle Road, on Tuesday afternoon.Cubbon Park police were alerted by the apartment tenant, Sanjeev Singh, a native of Bihar and networking and business solutions entrepreneur. They swung into action and caught the men and the woman with the truck-laden materials. The woman, Sunita Sharma, was allegedly trying to get the flat vacated.Singh's complaint said he was a tenant of a flat in Golden Orchid, owned by Sunita, who later sold it to a person from Mumbai. A court order asked Singh to pay rent to the Mumbai party. An electrician and a painter were working in the apartment when a 10-member gang barged in, pushed them into the bathroom and locked them up.The painter called Singh from his mobile, who in turn called up the Cubbon Park police. Police are on the lookout for six more men who fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418947", "title": "BJP mob led by its state president ransacks WCL office", "text": "NAGPUR: A mob of 100 led by Sudhir Mungantiwar, the BJP MLA from Ballarpur and the party's state president, created a ruckus at Western Coalfields Limited's (WCL) office in the city during a protest which went out of control. The group, which initially comprised largely women with the men joining later, wanted the PSU to curb pollution and take up social development works. WCL officials termed the exercise as merely a political stunt by Mungantiwar.What started as a peaceful demonstration but with fiery speeches against WCL chairman-cum-managing director DC Garg, took a violent turn in a couple of hours. Protestors broke the glass panel at the entrance to the building and took on the guards. Both sides claimed injuries to 3-4 persons in the tussle.The police, based on a complaint by WCL, arrested Munganitwar and other BJP MLAs, Atul Deshkar and Nana Shamkule, and about 70-odd supporters. All were later released on bail. They have been booked for rioting, criminal trespassing and causing obstruction to government work.Mungatiwar alleged that WCL is creating tremendous pollution in Ballarpur and not taking up enough development projects under the PSU's mandate on corporate social responsibility (CSR). \"WCL is taking up CSR projects only for namesake. 18 of its mines from which coal has been extracted remain open even as of today. There are mounds of overburden as high as multi-storied buildings. The same soil should have been actually used to refill the mines,\" he said.WCL CMD and other senior officials, on the other hand, downplayed the entire affair as a political stunt by Mungantiwar. Garg alleged that the increasing popularity of Hansraj Ahir, the BJP MP from Chandrapur, has got Mungantiwar worried. Mungantiwar's constituency Ballarpur comes under Chandrapur district. Mungantiwar, however, denied the theory, saying that both are pursuing the same cause.Garg said Mungantiwar has often expressed during meetings that WCL only takes up works recommended by Ahir and not him. \"Ahir, who had been pursuing the case for enhanced compensation to oustees due to mining projects, has succeeded. This has immensely increased his popularity, which has left Mungantiwar harried, as both share the same turf,\" he said.On the demands on CSR works, Garg said projects to the tune of close to a crore have been sanctioned. A charter of demands with 36 proposed projects has been responded with. Those within the rules have been taken up or are under process.WCL has turned down only those demands which do not fit within the CSR scheme of the government. About refilling the mines, an officer said there are technical compulsions and, instead, trees are grown on the mounds of dug up earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14421671", "title": "Betterment of civic hospitals never raised by candidates", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of municipal corporation have failed to manage the hospitals and dispensaries run by KMC. More than 44 municipal hospitals and dispensaries are in a dilapidated state which 11 need immediate attention.Betterment of civic hospitals is missing from the election manifesto of all the mayoral candidates. The municipal hospitals are facing the apathy of the civic body. According to the locals, the KMC did nothing to improve the health services in municipal hospitals.Hundreds of residents visiting hospitals like Chacha Nehru Hospital (Koparganj), Jageshwar Hospital (Govind Nagar), BN Bhall Hospital (Babupurwa) daily. The locals alleged that due to the indifferent attitude of health department and municipal corporation, the condition of municipal hospitals, dispensaries and maternity centres had gone from bad to worse.\"Almost all the municipal hospitals and dispensaries need repair and maintenance. The number of patients at these hospital is gradually getting reduced due to mismanagement, unavailability of doctors, medicines and basic facilities,\" Anil, a resident of Kidwai Nagar, said.The staff position is scanty to say the least. Locals point out that they seldom see doctors and nurses.Three permanent and seven temporary doctors are in the municipal health department, who are running 44 hospitals and dispensaries.Though the development and betterment of municipal hospitals was once raised in KMC house meeting but no one paid heed to this issue. The municipal body give excuses for the paucity of funds and policy of the government that no new recruitments could be made in the municipal hospitals and dispensaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14419367", "title": "Husbands key to cervical cancer prevention: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: When scientists from the National Institute of Research in Reproductive Health (NIRRH) fanned out in two slum pockets in Central Mumbai to find out the level of awareness about cervical cancer, they were shocked at how little people knew about one of the largest killers of women.\"Over 97% of the people we spoke to had a vague idea about the term cancer. But the minute we got specific and asked about cervical cancer, they hadn't a clue,'' said NIRRH's Dr Donta Balaiah, the principal investigator of the study which was aimed at finding the best way to educate women.NIRRH is a laboratory of the Indian Council of Medical Research in Mumbai. The study, which is being carried out in partnership with the Mumbai civic administration, began in 2008 and still continues. Funded by the central health ministry, it is going to serve as a model for intervention in communities across the country. The study's importance can be gauged form the fact that cervical cancer kills approximately 72,000 women every year in India. It is believed that one in four deaths due to cervical cancer occurs in India.The first study which took a year to complete found that the best way to reach out to women was by educating their husbands. \"We had divided the community into three groups \u2014 one in which couples were addressed about the disease, the second in which only husbands were addressed and the third group was treated as a control (no particular group was addressed),\" said Dr BN Mali, a cytologist from NIRRH who was a part of the study.Results showed that husband's involvement yielded the best result. \"If he was convinced, then he would send his wife for a cervical screening programme at the health post,\" said the scientists. Couple intervention came a close second. The message that experts want to convey is that every woman should undergo a pap smear test after two years of marriage. Cervical cancer is mainly caused by the human papilloma virus, which spreads mainly through sexual contact. Cervical cancer is also one of the slowest growing cancers, with women infected with the virus developing the cancer two decades later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420729", "title": "Alert Bangalore constable cracks murder in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "BANGALORE: An alert constable, a deft hand in identifying fake numberplates of vehicles, could solve a murder in Andhra Pradesh after he intercepted a Mahindra Scorpio while patrolling in Bangalore's JP Nagar recently.Constable G Srinivasu was on his usual rounds when he noticed the Scorpio SUV with a suspicious numberplate bearing KA 04-S-5515. Srinivasu knew that the 'S' series is normally not allotted by the transport department to four-wheelers but to two-wheelers.As he stopped the vehicle, Dinesh, the driver, pleaded with him to spare him. The constable took Dinesh to the police station. He told police that the documents were missing from the vehicle. But slowly Dinesh opened up and confessed that the actual number of the vehicle was AP 04-S 5515 (In AP, the series is different).Soon police found that they had stumbled on a murder case. Dinesh told police that the vehicle driver was murdered by some of his associates in Rayachoti near Kadiri town in Andhra Pradesh. He said that on June 1, he and three other inter-state vehicle lifters stopped the vehicle and strangled the driver Anwar Pa8sha with an electric wire, on the outskirts of Kadiri town and dumped the body. The car was sold to Dinesh through Nyamath, who was known to him.JP Nagar cops seized the Scorpio worth Rs 10 lakh. All four were arrested and Andhra police have taken them into their custody for further investigation as they suspect that the gang kingpin is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427009", "title": "Melbourne Business School modifies its MBA programme", "text": "Melbourne Business School has made a significant change in the MBA model with the introduction of its new 12 month full-time programme. Designed and delivered by international thought leaders with the support of leading businesses, the new programme will focus on integrated learning to provide a holistic view of business in the real world.Zeger Degraeve, dean of Melbourne Business School, said the programme will prepare the next generation of global business leaders. \"Melbourne Business School's MBA programme has been designed by thought leaders to create business-ready graduates who are equipped with current knowledge, skills and experience in the space of 12 months,\" he said.Melbourne Business School accepts applications and makes offers on a rolling basis, allowing prospective students the opportunity to submit their application at any time prior to the closing date. To qualify for the one-year MBA programme, applicants must have an undergraduate degree and a minimum of two years of full-time work experience upon completion of undergraduate studies.The programme will adopt an action learning framework for students to apply coursework in real-world scenarios, and will offer a personalised and intimate learning experience for the immediate application of learning. Students have the freedom to tailor their elective programme based on their aspirations, and will enjoy a global experience by learning and networking with peers from a diverse range of cultural backgrounds. Opportunities also exist for international exchange with schools such as London Business School, Instituto de Empresa (IE) Business School, University of Chicago and National University of Singapore.\"Shortening the programme to 12 months (from 16 months or two years) will not overburden students. Instead, it will allow a smarter way of learning in a shorter time,\" Degraeve added.Applications can be submitted online at www.mbs.edu/apply. For more, visit http://mba.mbs.eduCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420709", "title": "Namma Metro: All set for trial run in northern depot", "text": "BANGALORE: North Bangaloreans have something to cheer about. The BMRC is gearing up to test trains in its northern depot. The rail corporation will begin charging the tracks in Peenya depot on Wednesday and test three rakes.BMRC denied the rumours that chief minister had announced trial runs between Rajajinagar and Peenya on Wednesday. \"The trial run is in the depot and not on the main line. The trains are first tested on the test track in the depot. The train systems and traction power systems will undergo elaborate tests for the next three months,\" MD N Sivasailam told TOI.The Peenya depot has the longest testing track of 1.2 km, more than at Byappanahalli. Static tests include opening of doors and electrical connections working in tandem inside the coaches. The motion tests will include running of trains, speed and distance brake tests. There are 9 stations in northern corridor\u2014 Malleswaram, Srirampura, Kuvempu Road, Rajajinagar, Mahalakshmi, Soap Factory, Yeshwantpur, Yeshwantpur Industry and Peenya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419716", "title": "Most quota seats in private schools vacant in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Over 4,300 seats reserved for students from the economically and socially weaker sections as per the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009 are lying vacant in private, aided and unaided schools in the city, though the last date to fill them is June 30.The city has 380 private schools and 306 civic schools. An 80-member team of the PMC school board recently visited the private schools to check whether they have filled the 25% quota meant for poor children, as per the RTE Act. The team found that, of the 7,361 seats reserved for the economically and socially weaker sections, only 2,998 have been filled till date.According an official from the school board, one reason for the seats remaining vacant was that the schools were not being approached by children from the economically and socially weaker sections.The official said that if a school denies admission to a child belonging to the economically weaker section, the PMC will force the school to admit the child. \"But, for this, the parents have to come to us with their complaints. If the parents want to get their child admitted into a particular school, they can approach us. We will give letters to the concerned school to comply and admit the child, provided the child fulfils the necessary criterion and the quota is not filled at the school,\" the official said.The PMC, however, has received only 10 applications from the weaker sections seeking admission in private schools, while 4,363 reserved seats are lying vacant.About the other reasons behind the seats lying vacant, the official said: \"The notification on RTE says that admission of children from the economically and socially weaker sections should be done from the starting class at the school. However, in many cases, parents want to admit their children in the first standard while the starting class at the concerned school is nursery or pre-school. Admitting a child directly in Std I will create various problems in future,\" the official said.\"In some cases, children could not complete the necessary criterion, having discrepancies in the income and caste certificates, or not having the certificates at all,\" the official said.The RTE notification states that every application for admission of a child belonging to the weaker sections should be accompanied by an income certificate of the parent as well as a caste certificate in the name of the child or its parent.The official said that another inquiry will be conducted in case of schools that have admitted only a minimal number of students in the 25% quota seats. \"Of the 380 private schools, 64 have filled the 25% quota. But this is as per the data received from these schools. The PMC will revalidate this,\" he added.Meanwhile, the principal of a school, which has not yet admitted any child from the economically or socially weaker sections, said: \"We started our entry-level or nursery admission process in November 2011. The government notification came in May this year but the admission process had already got over by then. We are open to admitting children from all sections of the social and economic strata. Even now, if we are approached by a child from an economically or socially weaker section, we would be more than willing to adjust and admit him/her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14421006", "title": "Post Lokayukta raid, inspector suspended", "text": "BANGALORE: Yelahanka police inspector Kenche Gowda, who was raided by the Lokayukta on June 22, has been suspended.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji confirming this said the suspension order followed the Lokayukta police report.A police official said Kenche Gowda went on leave soon after the raid. \"He (Kenche Gowda)) is expected on Wednesday. The order will be served on him then,\" he added.The inspector who was inducted in 1994 was found having assets more than 150% of his known source of income. The Lokayukta police found that he owned a three-floor residential building in No. 685, HMT Layout, Nelagadaranahalli, besides another housing plot (No. 659) in the same area. He also owns an industrial complex at Sannakki Bailu near Kamakshipalya and four acres of agricultural land in his hometown Somegowdanapalya in Tumkur district.During the raid, nearly 1.4 kg of gold and five kg of silver articles were among the valuables unearthed from Gowda's home. He also had Rs1.2 lakh in cash with him at that time. Lokayukta police said they are yet to open the lockers that are in the name of the inspector and his family members. \"We have sealed the lockers and are trying to find the price of the housing plot he owns in Nelagadaranahalli,\" said a Lokayukta cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14421075", "title": "Help us bring my son's body back, says father of Bangalore techie found dead in US", "text": "BANGALORE: Pawan Kumar Anjaiah's family is not ready to believe he committed suicide. They believe he has been murdered and a thorough probe is needed to identify his killers.\"Our primary concern is to bring back my son's body. I'm told an arrest warrant was issued against my son. But he is dead now. Someone should help us bring the body as we're completely unaware of the formalities,\" said Anjaiah, Pawan's father.Pawan's family, which resides in RT Nagar, is pained by the lack of cooperation by their son's employer, Cognizant, in this matter. Anjaiah said: \"It's Cognizant's responsibility to bring the body back to Bangalore. It's attitude is totally shocking. First, they directed us not to go to the media and now they're not answering our calls.\" Cognizant denies telling the family not to speak to media on this issue.Anjaiah said he, his wife and his daughter will commit suicide in front of the Cognizant office if the body is not brought back soon. Gunasheela, Pawan's elder sister, told TOI that Cognizant staffers first called them on June 20 to break the news about his death. \"The caller, who identified himself as Praveen Joshi, called us in the evening and told us Pawan had committed suicide. First, we thought someone was fooling us. But, the caller confirmed it again and cut the call before we could ask any questions,\" Gunasheela said.Anjaiah, his wife Ratnagangamma and Gunasheela rushed to the Cognizant office at Manyata Tech Park the next day. \"Another staffer, Srikant, told us Pawan committed suicide. We were warned against going to the media or vernacular TV channels and say anything about it,\" Gunasheela said.The family was stunned when it was told they had to take the responsibility of bringing back Pawan's body. \"Cognizant officials tried to wash their hands of the matter, saying they had nothing to do with the issue and couldn't afford to pay the cost of flying the body back to Bangalore,\" Anjaiah claimed.On June 22, the family reached the home office of external affairs minister SM Krishna and sought the help of a staffer there. \"Cognizant staff showed no interest even in answering our call. We also contacted a Cognizant HR personnel in the US, but he said he was unaware of the issue,\" Anjaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422179", "title": "Co2 snuffing out your lungs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Just how much carbon dioxide do you breathe in everyday? If you are in Ahmedabad or Gandhinagar, you could well be taking in much more than what your body can take and many times over what can be absorbed by the trees around you.An average Amdavadi today has a burden of 3.36 kg of carbon dioxide per day, while a resident in Vadodara has the highest burden of 7.3 kg a day. Theoretically, such a large dose of CO2 can kill you, but it does not as it dissipates into the upper layers of the atmosphere. A study by environmentalists at Stanford University in 2010 pointed out that an increase of even one degree Celsius temperature caused by carbon dioxide would lead to respiratory illness and asthma at the initial levels. Further increase in the concentration of the gas could translate into high blood pressure and serious respiratory ailments.A worldwide database and analysis of carbon dioxide emission by power plants by a Washington-based think-tank - Centre for Global Development - released in June painted this grim picture. It says power plants and industries located in and around Ahmedabad are responsible for releasing 98.78 lakh metric tons of carbon dioxide per annum. In another study by Netherlands-based International Institute for Geo-Information Science and Earth Observation (IIGSEO), vehicles in Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar are responsible for releasing of 1.20 lakh metric tons of carbon dioxide in both cities every year.The IIGSEO report also states that given the existing tree cover in Ahmedabad city, its air has exceeded its carrying capacity by 72 per cent. The studies feel it is now essential to have 12,856 hectares of additional forest cover around the city to absorb vehicular pollution and 14,68,748.56 hectares of additional forest cover in Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad district to absorb the carbon dioxide emitted by thermal power plants and surrounding industries.Guj among top emitters of greenhouse gasesPaul John | tnnAhmedabad: Gujarat is the sixth largest emitter of greenhouse gases in the country which contribute to global warming and climate change. In fact, the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Limited's (GUVNL) thermal power plant at Wanakbori is the 12th largest emitter of carbon dioxide nationally from among 377 power plants responsible for greenhouse gases. China, South Africa and India host the world's dirtiest utility companies in terms of global warming pollution.These facts form part of the first-ever worldwide database of power plants' carbon dioxide emissions analysis released in early June by a Washington-based think tank Center for Global Development. The database is part of the Carbon Monitoring for Action (CARMA) containing information of carbon emissions of 50,000 power plants and 4,000 power companies worldwide.In Gujarat, CARMA claims that along with GUVNL-Wanakabori, Ukai, Gandhinagar, Sabarmati, Gandhar, GPEC-Paguthan, Surat and Kawas power plants are among the 10 highest greenhouse emitters in the state. CARMA has issued alerts against 33 power plants of the 164 present in the state. In 2007, alert was issued against 53 power plants.The non-profit organization focuses on how the actions of rich countries affect developing nations, and also provides a detailed inventory of power plants' greenhouse gas emissions by countries and regions within countries.WHY CARMA?In two centuries, human activities have increased the concentration of CO2 manifold. The atmospheric concentration of the gas has not been this high for at least the past 6.5 lakh years. As the concentration of CO2 has risen, so has the average temperature of the planet. Over the past century, the average surface temperature of Earth has increased by more than 0.74\u00b0C. If we continue to emit carbon without restraint, temperatures are expected to rise by an additional 3.4\u00b0C by the end of this century.Climate change can have serious consequences for life on Earth. Sea levels will rise, droughts, floods, intense storms, forest fires, water scarcity, and cardio-respiratory and tropical diseases will be aggravated. Agricultural systems would come under stress. A conservative estimate suggests that 30% of all species are at risk of extinction given current trends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "14421452", "title": "Last date to pay crop insurance premium extended to June 30", "text": "KARWAR: The last date to pay crop insurance for paddy, maize and cotton in Uttara Kannada district has been extended till June 30, a press release from the agriculture department said. Hoblis of Haliyal taluk and Manchikeri hobli of Yellapur taluk are covered under the rain-dependent cotton insurance scheme. For each hectare, the insurance is Rs 6,500 and the insurance installment is Rs 390.Ten Gram Panchayats (GP) in Ankola taluk, 15 in Bhatkal taluk, 11 in Haliyal, 13 in Karwar, 21 in Kumta taluk, 14 in Mundgod taluk, 20 in Siddapur taluk, 25 in Sirsi taluk, 14 in Joida taluk and 15 in Yellapur taluk come under this rain-dependent paddy insurance scheme. The sum assured is Rs 16,100 per hectare and the installment is Rs 483. 9 GPs in Haliyal and 11 in Mundgod taluk are covered under the irrigation-dependent paddy insurance scheme and the sum assured is 16,200 per hectare and the installment is Rs 810 per hectare.Two GPs of Mundgod taluk and 10 GPs of Haliyal taluk come under the rain-dependent maize insurance scheme and the insurance amount is Rs 20,900 per hectare with Rs 502 as installment, according to the press release issued by the Joint Director of Agriculture, Karwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419870", "title": "Doctor with 'woman's voice' gets baritone", "text": "KOLKATA: Dr H K Chhetri would be teased, taunted and often ridiculed, either openly or behind his back, for the past 38 years or so. His only fault was that he had a womanly voice. But the cursed days of the additional director at the animal husbandry department of Sikkim government is now over. Fifty-four-year-old Chhetri is a changed man today with a confident baritone. A surgery that lasted a little more than an hour made all the difference.The veterinary doctor suffers from a condition known as persistent puberphonia. Adolescent males undergo voice change due to the sudden change in the vocal cords when the Adam's apple gets enlarged. But when this voice change does not occur in some and in the absence of any organic cause, the condition is known as persistent puberphonia.\"All my life I had suffered from embarrassment, insult and low self esteem due to the 'woman's voice' I spoke in. The very thought of opening my mouth at social or official gatherings would give me the jitters. I used to feel ashamed and often get depressed. But now it is all over. I am a happy and confident man today,\" Chhetri told TOI from Gangtok in his new-found baritone.This, however, was not the first time Chhetri had sought medical intervention to end his woes. He had undergone treatment at two medical institutions earlier, but those yielded no result. He had almost given up hope when he heard about Dr Shantanu Panja, ENT, head and neck onco surgeon at Apollo Gleneagles Hospital (AGH), Kolkata. After a detailed discussion with the doctor over the phone, he came down to the city.\"The laryngoscopy at AGH found that Chhetri had a normal vocal fold mechanism. Accordingly, we planned a procedure called type III thyroplasty, surgery of the laryngeal framework. In the surgery that lasted about one and a half hours, tension of the vocal cords were reduced by augmenting these cords,\" explained Dr Panja.This state-of-the art procedure is done with local anaesthesia and the patient needs two-day hospitalization at the most. But in Chhteri's case he needed another four days. This was because he needed the support of speech therapy. Used to speaking in the feminine voice for about 38 years, even after the change in the voice, he would slip back to the previous voice. This lack of synchronisation was helped by the speech therapy. The treatment costed him a little less than Rs 1 lakh.\"Right from my college days to working life, I suffered pain and agony every day. Driven by desperation, I had gone to two other hospitals earlier. But I was left in the lurch as the voice therapies and other treatment there did not work for me. I do not know how to thank Dr Panja for bringing this change in my life,\" said a relieved Chhetri.Back home, Chhetri no more shies away from meetings. There is a difference in the attitude of his colleagues, too. His family is happy with the change.Some of the causes for persistent puberphonia are emotional stress, psychogenic reasons, delayed development of secondary sexual characters and non-fusion of thyroid laminae. Treatment option are either voice therapy or surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14418496", "title": "Man kills nephew over old feud", "text": "AMRAVATI: A man killed his nephew at Achalpur Municipal Council on Monday. The victim Lallu Chandel was attached with the tax collection department at Achalpur Municipal Council. Lallu had come to office at 10am, and after some time Lallu's uncle Rupchand Chandel came to his office and a heated exchange took place between the two on some issue. Both manhandled each other, but other employees in the office interfered and solved their quarrel. They told Rupchand to leave the office. Rupchand left but after sometime, he returned to Lallu's office with a sharp weapon and stabbed him. Lallu was rushed to the subdivisional hospital in Achalpur where he died during treatment. Sources suspect some old feud to be behind the murder. Police have rounded up the accused and booked him under relevant Sections of IPC.One axed to deathA man was axed to death by an unidentified person near Morshi on Monday night. The victim, Sunil Basle, was a resident of Morshi tehsil. He used to sell dry wood log for fuel in the village. On Monday night around 9pm some passersby spotted the blood stained stones and axe on the spot and informed the police about the incident. Police found the body of the Basle on the basin of Malu river. Basle was axed to death by some unidentified person. Six marks were found on his body. Morshi police have registered offences against the unidentified person under relevant Sections of IPC and are investigating. The reason behind the murder could not be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14419910", "title": "Two youths drown at Yarada beach", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two youths drowned in the sea at Yarada beach here on Tuesday evening. The two, along with another person who reached the shore safely, had gone to the beach for a swim. All three were said to be under the influence of liquor at the time of the mishap.According to sources, the three youth were from Pedagantyada mandal and had gone to the beach after consuming liquor. G Tata Rao (26) and S Ramu (26) were lost in the big waves while K Srinu managed to escape.Tata Rao's body was washed ashore while police are still searching for Ramu's body. The deceased were carpenters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420307", "title": "Cabinet notes on proposed bills should be made public: CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission has directed the Department of Atomic Energy to disclose all Cabinet notes relating to new legislation within seven days of being tabled in Parliament.The directive came while ordering the department to make public the cabinet note prepared for introduction of the Nuclear Safety Regulatory Authority Bill by placing it on their website before July 20, 2012. This could set a precedent for other government departments who may have to make cabinet notes public on new legislation public.Hearing the petition of RTI activist Venkatesh Nayak, information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said a citizen has the right to know the basis on which the cabinet decided to bring a particular law. \"There is a larger public interest in disclosing Cabinet notes regarding introduction of any new bill in Parliament, after the cabinet has taken a decision to table such a bill and the bill is tabled,\" he said.Gandhi said suo-moto disclosure clause of the RTI Act in Section 4(1)(d) says all public authorities must \"provide reasons for administrative or quasi judicial decisions to affected persons\".\"Citizens are certainly deeply affected by every law made by Parliament, and hence have a right to know the basis on which these laws are being made. The citizen who gives legitimacy to the Members of Parliament and thereby, to the institution of Parliament itself must be provided reasons which are behind the laws being made by Parliament,\" he said.The atomic energy department had turned down the request to make the cabinet note public saying cabinet papers were exempt from disclosure under section 8(1)(i) of the RTI Act.Rejecting the arguments, Gandhi said, \"The commission rules that a Cabinet note is the material on the basis of which a Cabinet decision is taken to table a bill in the Parliament. Once the decision is taken by the cabinet to table the bill in Parliament, the 'decision has been taken'; when the bill is tabled in Parliament 'the matter is complete or over' as far as the Cabinet is concerned.\"He said disclosure of Cabinet notes was also the intent of Parliament while framing the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421622", "title": "DoT nod for use of satellite phones a must", "text": "VARANASI: By using a banned Thuraya satellite phone in a hotel here a mountaineer from Czech Republic left intelligence agencies as well as police of several states sweating until he was located in Jaipur recently. The agencies heaved a sigh of relief after it became clear that the tourist had no link with terrorist groups. But, it also exposed how banned articles are entering the country.According to investigators, Czech national Peter Hamor reached Varanasi via Nepal and Darjeeling by road on June 11 and stayed in a hotel on Mall Road in Cantonment area. Around midnight on June 12 he had used his Thuraya sat-phone to contact somebody in his country.SSP BD Paulson said that the military intelligence intercepted the call and alerted security agencies after which Varanasi police too swung into action. But, before the agencies could reach the hotel on June 13 Peter had left for Khajuraho. And before the Khajuraho cops could locate him he had moved to Jaipur.After the alert sounded for the Jaipur polilce, deputy commissioner of police Satyavir Singh and station officer of Adarshnagar police station Rajendra Singh Chauhan succeeded in tracing Peter in a hotel. The tourist then handed over his sat phone to police, said the SP (regional intelligence) Yugal Kishore.Later, the Varanasi police were informed and a case was registered under Section 4/20(1) of Indian Telegraph Act 1885 and Section 3/6 of Indian Wireless Act 1933.The cops heaved a sigh of relief after checking credentials of the Czech national after which it became clear that he is a mountaineer and he did not have any information about the norms for carrying sat-phone in India. Earlier, the Rajsthan cops had also nabbed a British national Andy Peg in January 2010 from Pushkar with a sat-phone.As per guidelines of department of telecommunications (DoT), ministry of communications and information technology, the use of any kind of satellite phone in India is permissible only after obtaining a licence from the DoT. The use of specific types of INMARSAT terminal is allowed by the DOT, while use of 'Thuraya' satellite phone in India without specific permission of DoT is illegal. Thus, unauthorized use of a satellite phone in India attracts penal provisions under sections 20 and 21 of the Telegraph Act, 1885, for violation of provisions of section 4 of the said Act.In view of the same guideline the department of customs and central excise had issued a circular (No.37/2010-Customs). In this circular it was mentioned that instances have come to the notice that satellite phones are brought in the country and used by anti-national elements which poses a serious security threat. The board has taken a serious note of unauthorized use of satellite phone in India and made it mandatory for foreign tourists having sat-phones to declare the same to the customs. In fact such declaration was made a must for all the passengers having sat-phones.The circular stated that besides such declaration to customs, the DOT permission was also a must otherwise the sat-phone would be confiscated and appropriate action in accordance with the law may be initiated. The ministry of home affairs was asked to put up display boards at all the immigration control platforms regarding obligation of the travelers to declare whether they are carrying satellite phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419820", "title": "Rs 1150 crore World Bank loan for state", "text": "KOLKATA: In a relief to the cash-starved government, Mamata Banerjee's oft-touted rain water harvesting scheme 'Jal Dharo Jal Bharo' has now secured a Rs 1150 crore World Bank loan. The soft-loan, for which the government has to pay an annual interest of Rs 1.25 crore for an 18-25 year period, will have a state component of Rs 230 crore and cover nearly 4660 minor irrigation schemes within the next six years. The state has already earmarked Rs 100.47 crore in 2012-13 fiscal for the project.Water resources investigation and development minister Saumen Mahapatra said, \"This is the first such World Bank help in minor irrigation in the last one-and-a-half decade. At a time when the state is going through an acute financial crisis, this has come as a big relief.\" The minister had earlier placed a budget of Rs 922.13 crore. tnn, said: \"Following the chief minister's suggestion, about 148 schemes were included in the NREGA, in the past four months in which we have generated 1.25 crore mandays. We target to create another 8.47 lakh mandays in 2011-12. We've been given a target by the chief minister to create 50,000 ponds in the next five years - 22,608 of which has already been completed.\"He stressed that the reason for renewed focus is a fall of nearly 25-50 meters in water level in south Bengal districts, particularly North and South 24-Parganas. While this is still not alarming and 38 blocks figure in the \"semi-critical\" state, lack of intervention will worsen the situation.\"If you add this to the 59 blocks where salinity is high and 69 blocks which are arsenic prone, immediate mitigation is necessary and hence such projects.\"According to the minister, the other reason for the project is that there is almost no scope of increasing cultivable area of 56.84 lakh ha - 64 % of West Bengal. \"The only way ahead is to increase the cropping intensity and therefore bring more cultivable land under multi-cropping. Minor irrigation projects also contribute to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418172", "title": "UP government could have done wonders, if it adhered to BJP's advice: Laxmikant Bajpai", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to the statement of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in an interview given to TOI on closure of malls and shopping establishments after 7.00 pm, Bharatiya Janata Party state president Laxmikant Bajpai on Tuesday said that if the advise given by BJP leaders are taken so seriously, then the SP government should have followed BJP's suggestion on its Muslim appeasement policy.The chief minister in an interview to TOI had said that the suggestion for closure of malls and business establishments after 7.00 p.m. actually came from the BJP leaders in the House. \"Had the SP government adhered to the BJP leaders' advice, the government could have done wonders in its first 100 days,\" Bajpai further said. On the poor power scenario in the state, Bajpai said that instead of blaming others for the crisis, the SP government should take concrete steps to improve the situation.Lashing out at former chief minister and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Bajpai said that while he gave 100 out of 100 to Akhilesh government after completion of 100 days in government, BJP will also give the same marks to the government for going out of way to appease Muslims. However, on law and order, power or governance, it is a big zero out of 100 for the Akhilesh Yadav government. Condemning the government's appeasement policy, Bajpai said it is strange that Muslim girls will be given Rs 30,000 while girls of all other communities have been denied this privilege. Similarly, the SP government is ready to spend on the beautification of Muslim graveyard, while no such plan is in the pipeline for the cremation ground of Hindus.On law and order front also, the SP government has failed to an extent that inaction by the police on complaints of gang rape of an 11-year-old resulted in road blockade and incidents of arsoning in Pratapgarh.\"If the SP government had acted in a sensitive manner, the situation in Pratapgarh would not have gone out of control. A panel of the party leaders would reach to the spot of the incident in Pratapgarh district on June 27 and take stock of the situation,\" the state BJP chief said. Commenting on the local bodies' elections, Bajpai said that keeping in mind the violence that marred the first phase of local bodies' election in the state, it has become the need of the hour that EVMs after the elections are kept under CCTV and to protect them, RAF personnel along with civil police be deployed.He also highlighted that in the first phase, names of at least one lakh voters went missing in each of the corporations and all claims of the government and election commission to ensure free and fair poll have been belied with violence being reported from several places in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418510", "title": "95% dip in BEST's daily pass-holders", "text": "MUMBAI: In the past seven months, the number of BEST passengers using daily passes has dropped from 2 lakh to a mere 10,000. The 95% drop, said officials, started with the Rs-25 daily pass being scrapped from November 1, 2011, and passengers left with the only option of buying Rs-40 tickets.With a daily pass, a commuter can travel by any non-AC BEST bus across the city.The data on the daily tickets came to light after June 1, when the BEST made it mandatory for all daily pass-holders to carry a photo-ID card issued by the department. Following complaints from commuters about receiving defective cards, the undertaking on Tuesday ordered the replacement of all the 3,000 passes sold earlier this month.From June 1, the BEST has made it mandatory for all daily pass travellers (Rs 40 pass) to have a photo-ID card issued by the department.\"To our surprise, more than a lakh citizens got their RFID cards (photo IDs) made at our depots in a matter of 20 days,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta.\"With so many applications coming in at a go, the supply was delayed by six days. When we work under pressure, minor hiccups may occur. Some passengers complained that their cards were found defective by conductors. So, we have decided to replace the entire lot of 3,000 cards as we presume most cards may have problems.\" Gupta has also ordered an inquiry into it and did not rule out the possibility of action being taken against the supplier of the cards, if required.He added that when an average of 10,000 passengers travelled with daily passes this month, he could not fathom why 1 lakh people got applied for ID cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419958", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration files FIR against three for illegal sale of A-pills", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) on Tuesday filed an FIR against a drug wholesaler and two of his employees in Barshi taluka in Solapur district for inappropriate sale records of Vecredil, a second trimester abortion drug.\"As per the sale records, the wholesaler had sold 74 packs of Vecredil to a distributor in Beed and a doctor practising in Barshi. However, upon verification we found that both, the doctor and the distributor, had not received the drug. Hence, we have filed an FIR against the wholesaler and two of his employees,\" said Sanjeev Sakrikar, acting assistant commissioner (drugs), FDA, Solapur.The distributor in Beed, to whom the wholesaler claimed to have sold the drug, was also found at fault in the sale of abortion drugs earlier also. \"The FDA had lodged an FIR against him in the first week of June,\" Sakrikar said.A recent report of the FDA states that the use of abortion drug Vecredil is widespread in Beed city and Parli Vaijanath - places from where incidents of female foeticide were reported.Vecredil is sparingly prescribed, that too only in the second trimester abortion of foetuses with lethal anomalies, which generally happens in one in 300 cases. Lethal anomaly means that the foetus has a physical abnormality incompatible with survival or normal life.The second trimester in a pregnancy is from the 12th to 20th week of gestation, when, experts say, the foetus is grown enough for its sex to be discovered in a sonography test.If a pregnancy is aborted medically before 12 weeks of gestation, a minor surgical procedure is conducted and drugs like Vecredil are not required, say doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14419751", "title": "Jackal menace at Nadia DM's bungalow", "text": "NADIA: For a district chief, handling voices of protest is just another administrative affair. But for this district head, this voice is turning to be too loud to subdue.After spending several sleepless nights on jackal's growl, the DM of Nadia, Abhinav Chandra has resorted to trap cages of the forest department, which were placed in the forests inside his bungalow campus. And to his relief, a jackal could finally be trapped on Sunday night, while it had come to collect the food, placed as bait inside one of the cages.Administration sources said that there are several jackals in and around the bungalow and the DM can't even sleep properly at nights once the animals come out of the thick bush behind his bungalow and start growling. \"The capturing of one jackal won't solve the problem in long run,\" said an official.The captured jackal was kept in the forest near the bungalow for a day with sufficient food and was later released in Nadia's Bahadurpur forests on Monday morning. The DM's bungalow is spread over 2 hectares, and thick bush covers a portion of it. Apart from the district head's residence, there are other administrative bungalows adjacent to it.DFO Kanailal Ghosh said that the DM informed him about the problem of jackals inside his bungalow compound about a week ago.Accordingly, the forest officials decided to capture the animals. \"Two trap cages were placed in the bush inside the bungalow compound.A jackal was trapped on Sunday. We kept the animal where it was captured for a day, with a belief that this will create a panic among other jackals of the pack,\" Ghosh added. Ranger Amalendu Sarkar said that there are about a dozen jackals in the compound.The bungalow is surrounded by brick wall. But the jackals, which usually come out of the jungle after sunset, dig tunnels beneath the boundary wall and enter the bungalow compound through the tunnels. \"As there are several such tunnels, it's difficult to find those and block the same with stones,\" the DFO said, adding that the animals made the place as their territory since it was secluded and far away from the crowd. One cage is still there in the inside wood inside the bungloo.The sounds caused from the calls of the jackles in the huge compound of the DM Bangloo have been causing vexation to DM Nadia Abhinav Chandra. He can not take the sound sleep due to the pecular problem .So he asked the District Forest Department to solve the same.The Forest Authority placed two cages in the jungles of the Bangloo campus about a week ago.There is no gurantee that the problem would be solved completely. DFO hopes that the caging jackle may create fobia amongst the cunning jackles those roam inside the DM bangloo and may help in change their habitate elsewhere in the jungles outside the bangloo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14421011", "title": "Bangalore Development Authority yet to take final stand on Agara signal-free corridor", "text": "BANGALORE: With Koramangala residents strongly opposing the tree cutting on Sarjapur Road, BDA has mellowed down its stance on the controversial Agara to Sirsi Circle Signal-Free Corridor.BDA commissioner Pradeep Singh Kharola told TOI that the BDA is relooking at the entire project. The detailed project report according to which land acquisition has been proposed in Lalbagh and other arterial roads all along Sarjapur Road to Mysore Road is likely to be changed as the commissioner rubbished the DPR saying, \"It's just a DPR, that too prepared by BBMP.\"\"The BDA has still not taken a final stand on this project. We are relooking at the entire signal-free corridor project from Agara to Sirsi Circle. We are relooking into the financial, technical and land acquisition issues that was outlined in the BBMP DPR. We had asked the Centre for Infrastructure, Sustainable Transport and Urban Planning, Indian Institute of Science to prepare a report. The report says the project is essential and we have to rework on modalities while executing the project,\" Kharola said.Residents speak\"If the BDA is taking another looking at the entire project, why should it defend the project in the high court? The committee set up by the CM to look into issues raised against this project has heard a presentation given by the BDA commissioner recently. The committee must look into our views too. We're ready to give a presentation of our views on the project and the alternatives the government can take up,\" said Nitin Sheshadri, member, Koramangala Infrastructure Task Force.R K Misra, ABIDe member, who mooted the project is unhappy with the way BDA started work by cutting off 33 trees on Sarjapur Road, despite vehement public opposition. He adds that the idea was to provide signal-free movement of vehicles along 10 arterial roads, ample space and safe passage for pedestrians and priority for public transport. \"These were also the roads where we promoted direction-oriented public transport using branded Big-10 bus routes which has been a big success. The idea of the Signal-Free Corridor was to decongest 10 main arterial roads and two ring roads which carry 80% of Bangalore's traffic.\"Signals not to be removed!Misra explained: \"We didn't plan to remove every signal at every junction. For example, we're removing only three most congested signals on the 14-km stretch of Old Airport-Whitefield Corridor between Varthur Kodi and Domlur at Kundalahalli, Suranjan Das Road (HAL) and Wind Tunnel Road (Isro). The idea is to reduce travel time by removing major junctions as traffic jams caused mainly due to these signals. However, in the case of the Sirsi Circle-Agra Corridor, which was proposed by BBMP and not ABIDe, the idea was to decongest the stretch from Lalbagh West Gate to Hosur Road and the St John's Hospital Junction. BBMP handed over this corridor to BDA as per the CM's order as BBMP did not have funds. I think it's an overkill and waste of money. This is the tragedy of our civic codies which take a good concept and make a mess out of it without applying mind or logic. It's good if the BDA commissioner relooks at the project,\" he said.He added: \"The flyover and underpass at St John's Hospital Junction and 80 Feet Road-Sarjapur Road Junction are the only two logical interventions and the rest must be cancelled. Hosur-bound traffic must be taken off from Sarjapur Road and must use Hosur Road to avoid congesting residential areas along Sarjapur Road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419939", "title": "Ponds vanish in realty boom", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had asked the police top brass and Trinamool Congress councillors to ensure that waterbodies in their jurisdiction don't get encroached. But it seems the diktat has had little effect with police and party men turning a blind eye to indiscriminate filling up of ponds.During a drive along EM Bypass on Tuesday, TOI encountered three waterbodies at various stage of encroachment and received complaints of another audacious attempt. While two ponds had been blatantly filled up with fly-ash in broad daylight, another had been filled up slyly at night.After two-thirds of a pond was filled up in Anandapur, a local youth knocked on all doors, including that of the chief minister's office, and somehow managed to persuade the administration to stop the encroachment. He got in return threats and was finally beaten up by members of a local club that had allegedly been paid by a contractor to dump earth into the water body.\"I was on way home from work late one night when local youths thrashed me for raising a voice against the filling up of the pond adjoining my house. My family members were so terrorized that they shifted to a house in Dhakuria. I quit the job and stay at home now,\" said 25-year-old Surojit Bag of Anandapur.Bag had lodged complaints with police and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), but the encroachment did not stop. Local Trinamool Congress councillor Partha Roychowdhury conceded that there were attempts to encroach ponds in the locality but said he could do little unless police took more initiative.A year ago, a member of NGO Public had been thrashed in Golf Garden for protesting against the filling up of a pond next to a burial ground. Though he had filed an FIR, he eventually withdrew it after both CPM and Trinamool Congress youths held separate rallies in the neighbourhood denouncing him.Less than 1 km away from where Bag lives in perpetual fear is Collector bheri, a huge water body that was being blatantly encroached upon before a persistent TOI campaign finally led to concerted action by the East Kolkata Wetlands Management Authority, KMC and police. But after the walls that had been built around the pond were pulled down, no attempt was made to restore it. Instead, water continued to be surreptitiously drained out. Once the waterbody dried up, it was overgrown with high weeds and grass. Now it appears to be a low-lying wasteland.\"That encroachment was stopped by decisive action is commendable. But the job is half-done unless it is filled up with water. Sadly, that has not happened, leaving it vulnerable to encroachment at a later date,\" said green activist Bonani Kakkar.With land price hitting the roof in recent times, land sharks are prying on water bodies to make a killing. In Purba Digantapur, opposite the Metro Cash &amp; Carry outlet, a 10 cottah pond has been filled up over the past few days. Truckloads of fly-ash were dumped in the pond in full sight of locals. With the promoter hands-in-glove with local youths, no one dared to interfere.\"Over the past seven days, I have seen trucks enter the locality daily. It was only last evening that I discovered a pond that existed behind a four-storied building had disappeared,\" said local resident Suman Sinha.Sanchita Mondal, mayor-in-council member overseeing the KMC environment department, promised action against the errant real estate promoters. \"I have no knowledge of the pond filling at Purba Digantapur. We will take action once officials find out the spot,\" Mondal said.Further down the Bypass behind Apollo Gleneagles hospital, musclemen cordoned off a plot before filling up a p0ond. Scribes who went to probe were chased by hoodlums appointed by the realtor to guard the property. Though activist Subhas Datta filed a case and wrote to the CM, there has been no action yet.In the evening, TOI received a call informing that a bheri in East Kolkata Wetlands was being filled up. Trucks of rubbish were being gradually dumped into Number bheri 2, situated just behind Captain's Bheri, a prominent water body near Chingrihata along the EM Bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420640", "title": "Hold health camps for malnourished kids: High court", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday asked the government to hold a state-wide health camp on July 15 (Sunday), the first in a series of such initiatives to identify children suffering from malnutrition.\"A detailed action plan is needed to be worked out to combat this scourge of malnutrition affecting children in the age group of 0-6 years,\" a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed. He asked the government to file a report on what happened at the health camp on or before July 23.The bench directed the government to pay either cash or foodgrains as incentive to mothers who bring their children to these camps. This would compensate any loss in their daily wages, the court said. The administration was asked to conduct such camps at least once every month and popularize the campaign on the lines of the pulse-polio initiative.The bench extended till September 30 the time for the panel headed by Justice NK Patil to submit its second/ final report on the measures to address malnutrition, which has affected 61,000-plus children in the 0-6 age group.The PIL was registered following a letter to the chief justice, which spoke of a TV programme highlighting severe malnutrition in Deodurga taluk, Raichur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14419628", "title": "Dowry harassment case filed", "text": "A 28 year old woman - Shilpa Sushant Pawar (28), resident of Raj Laxmi Bungalow, Jail Road, has lodged a complaint against her husband Sushant and three of her in-laws on charges of harassing her to bring Rs two lakh from her parents.She has alleged that her husband and in-laws tortured her from March 13, 2011 to May 13, 2012 for the dowry demand and later drove her out of their house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mayiladuthurai", "code": "14421899", "title": "Man who killed lover arrested", "text": "MAYILADUTHURAI: A 30-year-old man who was on the run after killing his lover five years ago in Kanchivai near Mayiladuthurai, was arrested after parents of the deceased filed a complaint with the police.Police arrested R Sankar from Aaduthurai in Mayiladuthurai on Monday night following a complaint from M Dhavasimuthu of Sirkazhi, father of the deceased D Latha (20) who was in an illicit relationship with Sankar.Investigations revealed that Sankar was already married and had two children. At this juncture, he developed a relationship with Latha. Police said Latha gave birth to a baby in 2005 but in order to cover-up they sold the infant. When Latha asked Sankar to marry her, he tried to abandon her.On 17 February 2007, Sankar took Latha to Kanchivaai and persuaded her to consume alcohol which he had laced with a drug. As she lost consciousness, Sankar charred her to death. The Palaiyur police registered a case.Recently, the victim's father Dhavasimuthu happened to meet Sankar in Aaduthurai and questioned him about his daughter's suspicious death. He then lodged a complaint with the Palaiyur police to re-investigate the case.Police have remanded Sankar in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420004", "title": "Rajasthan University colleges announce first cutoff list", "text": "JAIPUR: The highly-anticipated first cutoff list of Rajasthan University's constituent colleges - Maharani's, Maharaja's, Commerce and Rajasthan was finally out on Tuesday. Much on the expected lines, the cutoff in different subjects in these colleges has seen a rise between 2% and 4%. Besides, 12% increase in number of applicants compared to previous year has made the competition tougher.The highest cutoff is for BCom in Maharani's College. It has touched an all-time high with 93.6% in the general category. \"This is the highest cutoff for BCom course in any college in the state. It is presumably higher than many colleges of Delhi University ,\" said Anjali Krishamurti, principal of Maharani's College.In a similar manner, BSc pass course touched 90% followed by BA pass course that has cutoff at 80%, both in general category. Maharani's College declared cutoff for 80% seats on Tuesday and the rest 20% seats will be declared in two lists later in the week. The college which has 2,300 seats has received over 12,000 admission forms. It has also received applications from Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.Commerce College, against the expected lines, saw a fall of 2% in the first cutoff list. It touched 86.2% against last year's 88.31% in general category. The fall can be attributed to the average result of Board of Secondary Education Rajasthan. For SC candidates this year the cutoff list is 70% and for STs it is 68%.Commerce College has 960 seats against 6,000 forms received. The college has also received applications from Delhi due to the high cutoff in Delhi colleges. \"The high cutoff has been the trend for the past two years. The decline this year indicates that many students have moved to private colleges and other universities,\" said RK Jat, former principal of Commerce College.Students rush to the college notice board as soon as the cut off marks list displayed hoping to see their name in the list.Around 25 students have already deposited their fees. CM Sharma, principal of Commerce College said, \"There will be two more cutoff lists which will be displayed on June 29 and 30. This year the number of admissions seems to be less as compared to last year.\"When the second and third lists are announced the cutoff may decrease between 3% and 5%. \"In many cases, students applied for both pass course and honours. It is most likely that few of them will not turn up for admission,\" said Sharma.The final list has been prepared by special software. SMSes have already been sent through the software to students whose names are included in the final list. The SMS reads - 'Provisionally admitted in University Commerce College BCom Part I, deposit your fee till July 29 positively'. \"This facility will help students to complete all their formalities,\" said Commerce College principal.Maharaja's College too brought out the list for pass course with cutoff for general category in biology at 72.83%, almost the same as previous year. The cutoff for maths is 84.46% for general category. \"Because of the rising number of engineering colleges the students have become less interested in pursuing BSc,\" said the college's principal. Maharaja's College has 320 seats each for BSc in Biology and Maths. It has received close to 5,000 forms against 1,200 seats in all programmes.Rajasthan College also registered a slight increase in the cutoff list for its BA pass course, which touched 78.20% in general category. The college will announce honours cutoff list soon.Traditional courses in demand againThe cutoff for graduation in humanities in Government College is 63.8% while for maths it is more than 72%. Traditional courses here are once again in demand after a gap of five years. Last year the cutoff for humanities was less than 55%. The interest in graduation courses increased among students just after the sixth pay commission.\"There are chances that the cutoff will decrease in the second list and I am waiting for that. I have filled forms in three colleges and will join as soon as I get a seat,\" said Bhanwar Singh, a student.College sources said that on the first day, about 30% of the students submitted their fees. \"Last year we had to wait long for students and two years ago the condition was worse. That year many seats in humanities and science remained vacant,\" said a college source.The trend seems to be changing as many students now want government jobs rather than professional courses like MBA, etc.According to sources in Government College, Ajmer last year there were hardly 10 forms against 67 seats in honours courses. However this year the number of forms has increased five times. \"A good number of forms are being sold and girls are showing interest in this college,\" said Chitra Arora, principal of Government Girls' College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418244", "title": "Sanjay Joshi's posters surface at various places in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Posters and flex painting banners carrying former BJP general secretary Sanjay Joshi's picture along with his name, the party symbol and a message in his favour surfaced at four places across the state capital. The posters, which had earlier surfaced in Gujarat and outside BJP headquarters at Delhi's Ashoka Road, principally target Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , who was apparently instrumental in Joshi's exit from the party's national executive.The banners have sprung up overnight, mainly at four places in the state capital. These include the VIP Kalidas Marg crossing, near the DGP office, at Subhash Chowk and at Aliganj. All the banners and posters have different messages. While one banner exhorted Joshi to continue his fight against injustice another carried a few lines from former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's poem. A banner hung at a vacant space near Golf Course Crossing says, \"Ek ka balidaan, ek ko samman, kya yehi hai bhajapa ki riti, niti aur pehchchaan?\" The banner also has a huge photo of Sanjay Joshi.Joshi was looking after UP during the assembly polls and was all set to continue his job here during the civic polls too, until Modi made it a prestige issue forcing Nitin Gadkari to bow to his demand and show Joshi the exit door.The surfacing of pro-Joshi posters could embarrass the RSS, which is batting for Modi, even in the face of opposition from JD(U), NDA's principal ally. Joshi, a senior RSS man himself, had already disassociated himself from the posters controversy after his posters had surfaced in Gujarat. Joshi had appealed to his supporters that no posters criticising any BJP leader should be put up, because it harmed the party's image. Despite his appeal, at BJP's Gujarat conclave in Rajkot, some party workers had even held demonstrations, wearing Joshi's mask.In a written appeal issued on a BJP letterhead, Joshi had said, \"Though this appears to be the job of conspirators, I appeal to all my well-wishers, supporters and those have sympathies for me not to put up any posters, take out any pamphlets, or hold demonstrations for me.\"Talking to TOI on the posters in the state capital, BJP's state unit president Laxmikant Bajpai said that surfacing of the posters is nothing, but a conspiracy to malign the image of the party. This is irrelevant at a time when Joshi is not out of the party and very much an active member of the organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14427762", "title": "Two suicides, one harassed by in-laws, another by mother", "text": "MUMBAI: Two married woman committed suicide in separate incidents. In the first case, the victim hanged herself after a tiff with her mother, while the other took the extreme step following harassment by mother-in-law and husband.Durga Singh (23) along with her husband and four-year-old son was residing with her mother in Laxmi Chhaya building, Bhayander (east). Durga who continued to stay with her mother after marriage was always pulled up for sleeping till late.On Tuesday, her mother got in a tiff with Durga for not waking up in the morning and attending to her husband and son. By late evening, when Durga was alone at home, she hanged herself to the ceiling fan of the bedroom. She left behind a suicide note saying that she was fed up of the nagging by her mother.The Navghar police have registered a case of accidental death. The victim's husband told the police that his wife was short tempered and took the extreme step in a fit of rage.In another case, the husband and mother-in-law of a woman, who was found dead due to hanging at her Nalasopara residence on Friday have been booked and arrested on charges of abetting her suicide.Sangeeta Singh (32), a mother of three, was allegedly being harassed by her husband Kushendra Singh and mother-in-law Chanda for dowry. The couple had married in 2002. Sangeeta's parents in their complaint to the Nalasopara police alleged that her in-laws demanded dowry ever since she got married. The family had spend over Rs 7 lakhs for the wedding and they continued to help her financially even after the marriage.The parents alleged that Kushendra was a drunkard and demanded money for his lavish lifestyle. Chanda supported him in harassing Sangeeta. They have been booked under sections 498 and 306 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419691", "title": "Nashik cops to spread safety awareness through radio", "text": "NASHIK: While the city police has been holding public meetings at different residential colonies and hiring rickshaws with loudspeakers to spread awareness among citizens about their safety, soon Nashikites would get to hear such tips on radio.An audio clip of five minutes is being prepared by the Nashik police commissionerate through sponsorships. This audio clip will be broadcast on All India Radio.With chain snatchings, break-ins, vehicle thefts, etc becoming the order of the day in the city, the police has held various meetings at residential colonies to spread awareness among citizens. Pamphlets have also been distributed and in the recent past police were also spreading awareness by giving security tips through loudspeakers atop rickshaws.Apart from this, the police also undertook a special campaign called 'Operation Area Dominance' under which they reached the inner areas of the city, mainly slums. The slumdwellers were told to have no fear of slumlords and hooligans. They were told they could call senior police officers any time in case of an emergency or if they wanted to report any serious matter.The awareness through radio is the latest initiative of the police.Since a large number of people are hooked to the radio for a large part of of the day, this measure is likely to work, according to the police. Stressing on the constant need for awareness, police officers said that despite chain snatchings having become common and everyone being aware about it, people still fell victim to such crimes. The same situation prevailed with regard to falling victim to bogus cops who cheated people by posing as policemen and then escaped with their jewellery.Considering that there should be more sensitization about the awareness of security measures, it has been decided to create an audio clip and run in on the All India Radio station.Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that subsequently the audio clip will also be played at different parts of the city wherever the vehicles of the cops move about. The audio clip is likely to be created within a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421830", "title": "Gang murders friend over sharing of liquor in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: In a gruesome murder, a gang of men stabbed to death one of their acquaintances allegedly after he broke a bottle of liquor that the members were consuming in Madurai on Monday night.Police said the victim had broken the bottle allegedly after he was not offered the drink by his friends. \"We are inquiring whether there was any other motive also,\" a police official said. While police have detained four men for the murder on Tuesday, two have surrendered in a local court while four more are on the run.The body of the victim, I Sikander (29), was handed over to his relatives after postmortem.Police said Sikander, a construction worker, living in Mahboobpalayam in the city for several years had recently shifted his residence to Narimedu. Few days back, Sikander visited his relatives in Mahboobpalayam and was staying there apparently for the marriage of one of his relatives.On Monday night, he went to meet few of his friends at a ground in Mahboobpalayam where his friends were drinking. Sikander sought his friends to serve liquor to him also. However, his friends had refused stating that they had limited quantity of liquor and were not in a position to share it with him. After persisting for some more time, Sikander broke the bottle of liquor allegedly saying that he would not allow any one to drink if he was not served the liquor.As he broke the bottle, the others went into a rage and stabbed him with the same broken bottle. One of the gang members also possessed a knife with which he stabbed Sikander indiscriminately while others beat him with stones. \"Inquiries so far have revealed that the murder was only on a flimsy ground. They were all friends and were seated together drinking when a quarrel broke out over a drink. But inquiry is still on,\" said assistant commissioner A Ganesan.The gang then dragged the body of Sikander, dumped it along a drainage channel near the ground and fled the spot. Public saw the blood-stained body and informed the police. Within moments, police detained four of the accused, identified as Sultan, Ashok, Kamatchi and Kather as some of the residents had seen them together with Sikander that night.Meanwhile, two other accused Rafi and Venugopal surrendered in the judicial magistrate court and had reportedly confessed to have committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "14422686", "title": "Egypt court clips army\u2019s power to nab civilians", "text": "CAIRO: An Egyptian court on Tuesday ruled against granting the military a right to arrest civilians, throwing out a decree that bestowed such powers on the military police, at a time when a new civilian government is set to assume charge.The supreme administrative court decided in favour of petitioner Khaled Ali, a rights lawyer, who had sought nullifying of the justice ministry decree, Ahram online reported . The justice ministry had issued a decree on June 13 giving military personnel the right to arrest civilians.The decree will remain in effect until a new constitution is drafted. A tussle is already on between the military, that seems reluctant to relinquish much power, and political groups who contested the parliamentary election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14427550", "title": "Facebook helps boost confidence: Survey", "text": "WASHINGTON: Social networking sites like Facebook are helpful in not only boosting the confidence of people on websites, but also in making them feel 'good' about themselves, a study has revealed.According to a University of Georgia study, the 526 million people who log on to Facebook every day might be boosting their self-esteem in the process.Brittany Gentile, a UGA doctoral candidate who studied the effects of social networks on self-esteem and narcissism, along with UGA psychology professor Keith Campbell and San Diego State University professor Jean Twenge, asked college students to either edit their social networking page on MySpace or Facebook or to use Google Maps .The research found that those who edited their MySpace page later scored higher on a measure of narcissism, while those who spent time on their Facebook page scored higher on self-esteem.According to the news release, MySpace reported 115 million active users participating in the experiment in 2008, while Facebook users participated in 2011. On both MySpace and Facebook, students scoring higher in narcissism reported having more friends on the site.A total of 151 students, aged 18-22, completed the Narcissistic Personality Inventory as a part of the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14424751", "title": "Haryana govt to stop aid to 204 private schools", "text": "ROHTAK: Following a decision to stop financial aid to 204 aided private schools, the government has decided to absorb the teaching and non-teaching staff of these schools in the education department and post them in government schools.Disclosing this, the chief parliamentary secretary, education, Rao Dan Singh said that a proposal to bring 2262 teachers and non-teaching staff members under government ambit has been forwarded to the chief minister government.He said that after the approval of these proposals, these schools would be de-aided and the management of these schools would have to run these schools as non-aided schools for next 33 years under their statutory obligations. The state government is considering the proposals sent by management committees of various schools.Singh said that the state government has to bear an additional burden of Rs 120 crore following merging of these staff members under Haryana School Education Rules, 2012.He said that the schools to be covered under this proposal included 34 from Ambala, seven from Bhiwani, five from Faridabad, eight from Gurgaon, 14 from Hisar, four from Jhajjar, eight from Jind, three from Kaithal, 13 each from Karnal and Kurukshetra, three each from Mahendergarh and Mewat, two from Palwal, five from Panchkula, seven from Panipat, six from Rewari, 18 from Rohtak, nine from Sirsa, 19 from Sonepat and 23 from Yamunanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418707", "title": "Students worried if they will get course of their choice", "text": "MUMBAI: The announcement of the first merit list is surely a point of worry for the over 1.92 lakh junior college aspirants who have applied online. However, students are worried that the problem will not end with the three online merit lists.\"Not only do I want to get a seat in a good college, but also want a course of my choice. Even though I have scored well, I am worried admissions to the bifocal course will be equally chaotic,\" said Chandni Bhatia, an ICSE student. Bhatia has scored 92% and is hoping to get a seat in a top Science college in either computer science or electronics. \"So the problem for us will not end with getting a seat in a college of our choice. There will also be a fight with others to get a seat in a bifocal subject,\" she added.Shamisha Khade from St Anne's High School, Borivli, believes that even though she has filled the admission form without errors, she is worried. \"There is always a worry since everything is online. Though the form is submitted, we wonder if it was uploaded and I will get a seat in the allotment in the first round. The other concern is that the college that I am seeking admission in Kandivli has only 35 seats in the 'open' category. Though my scores are good, others have scored better,\" said Khade, who topped the divisional state board in Mathematics this year.This year, the state education department set up an online committee to cut down students' problems. Admissions to bifocal courses have been pushed after the online admission process and will be conducted offline by the individual colleges.\"We are expected to first conduct admissions on the basis of the merit list. Then we will conduct another round of admission for bifocal seats. I am worried if we will ever get to start the lectures on time,\" said the principal of a college in Sou-th Mumbai .The last merit list will be announced on July 10 and admissions will go offline after July 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422510", "title": "\u2018Don\u2019t resort to immigration frauds\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heads of the visa and immigration departments of Canada, Australia and UK in India came together here to tackle the immigration fraud going on in India. They talked on how fake agents have been pushing people into immigration and job frauds and issued an advisory that an applicant should keep in mind in order to avoid getting duped and refused entry to these three countries. \"Crooked immigration agents often advise applicants to provide fake documentation or enter into marriages of convenience which lessen their chance of getting entry abroad,\" said Sidney Frank, Canada's area director for immigration in South Asia.Jose Alvarez, Australian department of immigration and citizenship's regional director of South Asia said, \"Applicants need to protect themselves from immigration fraud by being aware of the ways people may try to take advantage of them and their situation.\"Thomas Greig, regional director, South Asia of the UK Border Agency said, \"We welcome genuine visitors, students and workers to the UK. We advise anyone who wants a visa not to listen to agents who offer to sell forged documents and say that they can guarantee a visa. Our process for detecting fraud is very effective and if anyone is caught the visa will be refused and the applicant will face a ten year ban on travelling to UK. Also Indian authorities will take action too.\"The officials informed that the process of filling an application is very easy, provided instructions are followed and one does not require an agent for it. They informed that all information that an applicant may require is available on the official websites and they should visit the high commissions directly to avoid getting cheated. They informed that there are agents from different parts of the country who have formed an association and are working genuinely and any applicant while hiring an agent should check for his credibility.The officials also shared how people have been using fake websites for offering bogus jobs. There were also those agents who manufactured fake visas to show travel history, which was again a fraud that could lead one to prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418297", "title": "Rs 300cr would have saved Mantralaya", "text": "MUMBAI: In the wake of the Mantralaya blaze, senior bureaucrats feel that the government should have implemented the controversial secretariat makeover plan.Following the demand for more space in the building, a leading architect had drafted an ambitious plan to generate 18,000 sq m of space. \"The proposal was to increase Mantralaya's floor space from 77,000 sq m to 95,000 sq m. The plan included the installation of a state-of-the-art fire alarm system and the creation of a comprehensive safety network. It was approved by the cabinet committee in August 2008. But it was abandoned for obvious political reasons,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI.Public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal , who had piloted the proposal, said it was unfortunate that the plan was dropped without assigning any reasons.\"We had two options: implement the Rs 300-crore makeover plan with our own budget or go for a Rs 12,000-crore plan on a build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis. It was suggested by the then finance secretary that there was no need for a BOT plan and we should make budgetary provision for the purpose. Unfortunately, no decision was taken,\" Bhujbal said.Under the Rs 300-crore plan, the public works department had proposed complete renovation of the entire building. Also, besides a fire alarm system, new furniture was to be bought, a new AC system and six elevators were to be installed, and fireproof wiring was to be done. Separate entrances for cabinet members, bureaucrats and visitors were to be created. Also, provision was to be made for underground parking.On the other hand, under the BOT plan, it was the responsibility of the bidder to implement the renovation.The work included construction of 30 duplex flats for cabinet members, high court judges and bureaucrats, creation of a safety system, renovation of the council hall, and construction of a guest house, auditorium and underground parking. In return, the developer was to be given a 17,829 sq m plot.\"In my opinion, both options were open for the government. Instead of a decision being taken, there was uncalled for criticism of the public works department,\" Bhujbal said.A former chief secretary said the government should have implemented the proposal on its own. \"We have a plan size of Rs 43,000 crore and non-plan expenditure of Rs 98,000 crore.\"As such, it should not have been difficult to garner Rs 300 crore for the Mantralaya makeover plan. Bureaucrats feel that owing to differences between the Congress and the NCP, the plan was not implemented. Had a firm decision being taken then, by now the entire project would have been completed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419512", "title": "Funds crunch hits plan for weights &amp; measures labs", "text": "NASHIK: A financial crunch has affected the setting up of four weights and measures laboratories of the Legal Metrology Organization in the city.The laboratories are being set up in the campus of the Maharashtra Engineering and Research Institute (MERI) but the work has slowed down for requirement of additional funds and specialized equipments for the set up.\"The organization has received a grant of Rs 1 crore from the Centre for setting up three working standard laboratories and one secondary standard laboratory, the construction of which is underway at the building in the MERI campus. However, it will take some more time till the work is completed, largely for want of funds,\" assistant controller, legal metrological department, Nashik, D P Pawar said.Pawar added, \"The controller has proposed Rs 50 lakh for each working standard laboratory and Rs 1 crore for the secondary laboratory.\" He said it was likely that the funds would be released only in the next five year-plan.The Centre will establish a working standard laboratory at places where there are inspectors so that it becomes easier for the inspectors to carry out their job. Nashik has 10 inspectors and currently there are some working standard but only one secondary standard laboratory at Nashik, but they lack specialized equipments.The Centre wants every laboratory to be modern which explains the construction of new laboratories. The metrological department procured the building from MERI at Rs 75 lakh and the laboratory is being developed by public works department (PWD).An official from the PWD added that the construction and establishment of the laboratories would take a bit longer, especially because of the specifications required for raising the laboratories.\"There are some specifications about which the department is unaware and has sought the information from legal metrology for references. We will be able to develop the same only after we get the specifications and are able to procure the equipments,\"a PWD official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14422231", "title": "Ex-corporator \u2018beats\u2019 BMC man over demolition", "text": "MUMBAI: A former Congress corporator on Tuesday allegedly assaulted a civic engineer from M(east ) ward in Govandi for demolishing unauthorized structures.Shashikant Patil objected to the BMC demolishing his party office in Govandi ,which was declared an illegal structure . The city civil court had ordered the civic body to demolish Patil's party office and five other structures in the area.When the demolition men came at 12pm, Patil allegedly abused and attacked R B Kamtekar , sub-engineer , maintenance department . \"There was an order from the court to demolish unauthorized structures .Oneof them was Patil's party office. He started abusing Kamtekar and beat him up ,\" said a civic official present during the demolition .Amit Dave , assistant commissioner ,M-eastward ,said Kamtekar suffered injuries. \"Patil has not been arrested ,\" said Dave, adding that the court issued a stay order on the demolitions at 3.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418532", "title": "Directorate of technical education announces poly, pharma admission schedule", "text": "NAGPUR: The directorate of technical education (DTE) has released the admission schedule for polytechnic and pharmacy aspirants. The process commences from June 29 for polytechnic students, who can buy an application ID from the designated Application Receipt Centres (ARCs). They can then use this ID to avail the online admission form. For pharmacy students, forms will be available online from Wednesday.Information brochure and application kits for poly students will be available at Rs 400 for general category students and Rs 300 for reserved category students. The minimum aggregate marks to qualify for admission to polytechnics have been decreased to 35% in class X. However, the term 'aggregate' has been defined differently for different boards.It will be the average of the best five subjects in case of State Board and ICSE, whereas for CBSE boards, it is the average of all subjects mentioned in the marksheet. Interestingly, the DTE has reduced rounds of admission to three from this session.Additional shifts have been started at Government Polytechnics at Mumbai, Thane, Jalgaon, Solapur, Nanded, Yavatmal and Government Institute of Printing Technology, Mumbai. DTE has also increased number of application receipt centres (ARCs) from last year's 24 to 33 this year, giving big respite to students who reside in remote areas of the region.The information brochure of the pharmacy applicants will be available free after showing receipt-cum-ID card or scorecard of MHT-CET 2012 at the ARCs. The detailed schedule regarding availability of seats and admission process shall be notified after declaration of final merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14419812", "title": "Several trains cancelled due to technical fault", "text": "GUNTUR: Several trains were cancelled in the Vijayawada division on Tuesday due to the failure of overhead electrification (OHE) lines near Duggirala station. The electrification lines snapped from the main line and fell on the track resulting in immediate suspension of the services.According to Guntur Sr. DCM Syam Sunder Rao, six passenger trains running between Vijayawada-Guntur, Guntur-Tenali and Tenali-Guntur were cancelled along with several other trains running late. In Guntur division, Repalle-Secunderabad fast passenger would now leave at 9.25 pm instead of 8.45 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420876", "title": "Supreme Court stays unseating of BJP MP from Bellary", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a respite to the camp owing allegiance to the beleaguered Reddy brothers, the Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed a Karnataka high court order setting aside election of Joladarashi Shantha, BJP MP from Bellary (ST) constituency, on the grounds of irregularities in counting of votes.Arguing for Shantha, senior advocate Maninder Singh said the HC had passed an unprecedented order of setting aside the elections while ordering recounting of votes. \"The proper approach would have been to keep the election petition pending and thereafter upon obtaining the results of recounting, should have passed the orders either setting aside the election or upholding it,\" he said.A bench of Justices H L Gokhale and Ranjana P Desai found merit in the argument and stayed the HC judgment but ordered that Shanta, though permitted to attend Lok Sabha proceedings, would not be entitled to vote or draw perquisites till the apex court decided the appeal.Shantha had won the polls from impoverished Bellary constituency, where her brother B Sriramulu and the Reddy brothers once ruled. She had defeated NY Hanumanthappa of the Congress by 2,243 votes in the April 23, 2009 elections. Former state minister Sriramulu has now floated his own political party.The HC had on June 11 set aside her election on a petition filed by Congress worker M Chandre Gowda and ordered recounting within four weeks. Gowda had filed a writ petition in the HC in 2009, challenging Shantha's election, alleging malpractice in counting of votes and accusing her of submitting a false caste certificate when she filed the nomination papers.But the HC refused to take into account the petitioner's allegation that though Shantha belonged to Boya community, which came under the other backward classes (OBC), she after marriage, had contested as a member of the Hindu Valmiki community, classified under scheduled tribes (ST).Singh argued that a re-count should not have been granted on mere asking as the petitioner had failed to move an application before the returning officer pointing out the alleged irregularities in counting.\"This requirement is mandated in the light of the fact that at every stage in the process of scrutiny and counting of votes, the candidates or their agents are present and they have an opportunity to watch proceedings to detect irregularity in counting and demand a recount,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422160", "title": "Tout-kal Tickets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Despite queuing up from midnight, Ankit Sharma could not get a confirmed tatkal ticket when the booking office opened in the morning. He had to later buy a ticket from one of the many touts swarming the office.Legions of travellers endure the anxiety that Ankit suffered. Almost every desperate seeker of a tatkal ticket has been disappointed at the end of an arduous wait. For their part, railway authorities claim that tickets are booked from all over the country and hence it is possible that the quota is exhausted within minutes of the opening of bookings.However, travellers sense some irregularity. \"How can a person who lives far away from Ahmedabad book a ticket in the morning and reach the city in time to catch a train?\" Ankit asked.The tatkal scheme was introduced to help people get train tickets at short notice. But the soaring demand and the stranglehold of touts over the booking process means that even spending a sleepless night at the reservation counter cannot guarantee a confirmed ticket.People, many with their families, start queuing up outside reservation counters as early as 10 pm on the day prior to making a booking. Counters open at 8 am and all tatkal tickets are sold within minutes.Officials said that for the most sought after trains like the Ashram Express to Delhi and Gujarat Mail to Mumbai, tatkal tickets are sold within the first three or four minutes. The Ashram Express has 234 tatkal tickets in the sleeper class and 43 in the third AC class. For the Gujarat Mail, 172 tatkal tickets are available for the sleeper class and 112 for the third AC class. On an average, a person takes a minute to process one ticket.Jitendra Kumar Jayant, the public relations officer of Western Railway's Ahmedabad division says: \"There is no irregularity in issuing of tickets. Counters open simultaneously all over the country and the limited quota is over within minutes of the opening of booking.\" He did admit though that people waited throughout the night for getting tickets.Disappointed passengers blamed the railway for failing to rein in touts and their proxy passengers. They said the same bunch of people stand in the queues at the counters day after day. Passengers allege that touts even pay police for allowing their men to stand in the queue daily.Offloaded from even queuesThough authorities claim that they have cracked down on touts, the reality at booking offices suggests that touts are still having it their way. Not only do touts install their men in queues, but can also procure tickets without even lining up because they have set up an arrangement with some officials.At the Kalupur station, touts reserve spots in the queue by planting youths from the nearby slums. Touts even sell these spaces for Rs 100-200 to passengers minutes before the counters are opened.Officials said that every day, some 4.5 lakh tatkal requests are logged on to the IRCTC website in the first hour - between 8 and 9am.However, few manage to get tickets even on the online platform. The difficulty in procuring tickets has benefited travel agents. The railway estimates that around 60 per cent of tatkal tickets are bought by agents. This, despite a ban on recognized agents logging onto the IRCTC website during the first two hours.The agents' rates are usurious. Officials say there's a premium of Rs 200-400 on every confirmed sleeper class ticket. A third AC ticket to Delhi fetches about Rs 600 apart from the fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14424600", "title": "Maths, Science to be taught via computers in selected Haryana schools", "text": "ROHTAK: Under a pilot project to teach mathematics and science subjects through computers, Haryana government has identified 10 government schools in Gurgaon district. The students of classes VI to VIII would be taught through computers.A government spokesman of the education department said that the project known as G-10 has been implemented for the first time in the state which would remain functional for one year. This project is being implemented by education department in association with an NGO Vasuki Educational Foundation.These 10 schools included Government Girls Senior Secondary School, Badshahpur, Government High Schools at Dhanwapur, Garoli Khurd, Harsaru and 4/8 marla, Gurgaon, Government Sanskriti Model School, Sushant Lok, Government Model School, Islampur, Government Senior Secondary School, Kadipur and Sector 4/7 Gurgaon and Government High School, Jaikampura.The spokesperson informed that two instructors have also been appointed for these schools who would teach in five schools each. Also, teachers have been trained for the project at the State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT), Gurgaon. The second phase of training would be held on June 27 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14421552", "title": "This car can drive itself through jam", "text": "LONDON: It may sound like a James Bond movie stuff, but engineers have developed an advanced car which they say can drive itself on just the press of a button, providing much-needed relaxation to the motorist stuck in heavy traffic jams.When the traffic jam ends and the car reaches 30mph, the auto-pilot \u2014 called \"Traffic Jam Assist\" \u2014 hands control of the vehicle back to the refreshed driver.The revolutionary technology , developed by engineers at US auto major Ford, is expected to be available on several of its models within five years. Prototypes are being tested at Ford's European research and advanced engineering centre in Germany and in the US, the Daily Mail reported. Experts said its widespread adoption could help speed up traffic caught in jams by up to 37% and reduce journey times by 20% by helping cars keep pace more efficiently with the flow of the traffic. The technology works using a camera and radar behind the rear-view mirror which scans the road ahead by picking out the white lines marking the lane, plus any other traffic.Signals are then sent to the \"brains\" of the system in a computer central processing unit or \"black box\" . Once a jam is detected, the car uses a voice command to ask the driver if they want to switch to Traffic Jam Assist. If the answer is yes, then the car assumes command \u2014 braking to stop a collision with the car in front or to slow down to meet its speed, and then accelerating to keep up with the flow of cars in front when they move off. It will even recognize a car that \"cuts in\" ahead of the vehicle in front and take appropriate braking action needed.The system is designed only for motorways, but coping with the problems of urban traffic is just a matter of time, Ford bosses said.Pim van der Jagt, MD of Ford's Aachen operation, said: \"The car will stay in the middle of the lane even when the motorway takes a curve. It will accelerate, brake and steer itself in a jam.\" PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419913", "title": "Two die as truck crushes cab", "text": "KOLKATA: Two taxi passengers were killed and two others, including the driver of the cab, were injured seriously after a truck keeled over and fell on it near Park Circus in the wee hours of Tuesday.Police said the pulses-laden truck was in a considerable speed along Syed Amir Ali Avenue when its two front wheels came off.The driver of the truck lost control over the wheels and the vehicle keeled over the cab. The left side of the cab was mangled, killing two passengers - Jayanta Kumar Das and Sarad Sribati, who hails from Bhopal.Two others in the cab - driver Debendra Prasad Sharma and Prasanta Bose - sustained serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425955", "title": "Lakkhichhara performs at Someplace Else", "text": "A first-time performance at Someplace Else, The Park, turned out to be an evening to remember for Lakkhichhara on World Music Day.As the Bangla band belted out numbers like \"Jibon chaichhey\" and \"Mohabishwo\", the crowd couldn't stop swaying to their tunes. They provided a sneak peek into their new album \"Kemon Achho Shohor\" by singing its title track. The album has four old songs that have been rearranged to give a refreshing feel. \"We are very excited to perform here for the first time on this special occasion. Audience er response darun,\" smiled Sayak, the band's lead vocalist. For Lakkhichhara, it was a journey down memory lane with old friends cheering for their favourite band and the audience singing \"Bhalo theko shohor, bhalo theko.\" Also spotted at the event was Paramita with friend Rohit, looking pretty in a cool striped dress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421245", "title": "Delay in supply of drinking water irks HC", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of Patna high court comprising Justice Shivkirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain on Tuesday expressed its displeasure over the slow progress of work in ensuring supply of safe drinking water to the residents of Gardanibagh locality in the state capital in spite of an undertaking given to the court by the departments concerned.Hearing a petition filed by Nasib Lal Yadav and others, the court directed the water resources and building construction departments to convene a joint meeting in this connection to expedite the work. It also directed the officials concerned of both the departments to be physically present in the court with all the relevant records in this regard on the next date of hearing on July 2.The petitioners had stated in their PIL that those residing in Gardanibagh locality were facing severe drinking water crisis. The petitioners' lawyer, Indradeo Prasad, said on May 15 itself the court had ordered the departments concerned to ensure proper drinking water facilities to the residents of Gardanibagh area. The Patna Water Board had assured the court that a tubewell would be sunk and water supply centres would be set up to solve the problem in a day or two. However, neither any tubewell was sunk nor any water supply centre was opened by the board, Prasad said.Action against DMs: A single bench of Patna high court, presided by Justice A K Tripathi, on Tuesday put on hold the salary allowances of district magistrates of Rohtas, Khagaria, Patna and Saharsa districts in a case related to non-payment of money to the petitioner for his vehicles used in the 2005 assembly elections. The court also asked the DMs concerned to file affidavits in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14419234", "title": "Goa, students, society mark anti-drugs day on a high note", "text": "CALANGUTE: An NGO that is engaged in assisting people suffering from alcohol and drug dependency, as well as HIV infection, said that Goa's irresistible charms, the sun and sand, have attracted a large number of tourists and sparked off a boom. However, the influx of hippies brought in drugs too, the organization said. \"While everything seems glamorous on the surface, all is not well. A large number of Goans are falling prey to drug and alcohol addiction,\" represenatives of the Kripa Foundation said at an event to observe the International day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking on Tuesday. They were speaking at St Jerome's Church hall, Mapusa.Speakers pointed out that the easygoing Goan culture which encourages social consumption of alcohol also leads to alcoholism. Goa's former excise commissioner Jaydev Sarangi, who is an authority on prison reforms, was the guest of honour on the occasion, and said that \"drug and alcohol addictions are not psychological problems alone, but biological diseases too\". A number of recovering drug and alcohol addicts recounted their experiences with their nemeses. Later, certificates were awarded to winners of a painting contest for school children.In Calangute, police inspector Nolasco Raposo visited St Joseph's school and gave a lecture to senior students on the ill-effects of drugs, while a rally was also held in Mapusa to create awareness against drug abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419171", "title": "Tatkal mess: Readers attack tout menace", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trend of Tatkal train tickets vanishing within minutes and touts almost hijacking the system is prevalent all over the country \u2014 both in small towns and big cities.Within hours of the story on Tatkal mess going online, over 478 people posted comments on TOI website and narrated their ordeal while getting a confirmed ticket.\"Railways are in total mess. It is the touts who rule the roost everywhere. They are hand in glove with the people manning reservation counters. Even before official booking of tickets begins, names are entered in the computers and tickets come fast. One wonders why cops are not deployed at reservation centres to keep the dabangs away,\" posted one of the readers, LD Bhatia.Reacting to the article, many readers and passengers pointed out how the latest decisions to allow people to book tickets four months ahead of the journey date and reducing the booking of Tatkal tickets only to one day ahead of the journey, has messed the entire system.\"It was the best when it was five days advance booking for Tatkal. But now with just a day in hand, internal bookings are done mostly through touts/agents,\" said Vijai Raj from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14422673", "title": "Service providers assure broadband connectivity help", "text": "LUDHIANA: A day after TOI highlighted the lack of broadband facilities in South City and Country Homes, two of the major private service providers claimed of getting a survey done soon to find the feasibility of the services there. At its end, BSNL officials said they would immediately try to ascertain the reason why the services hadn't reached the two colonies.The sales head at Reliance Communication, Gurinder Sohal, said, \"We are planning to survey that area as before providing broadband facility we have to follow certain parameters, including checking customer base and investment for setting up the infrastructure.\"One of the senior functionaries of Connect broadband, which is one of the major private service providers in Punjab, said, \"We laid the wires in Ludhiana about 10-15 years ago when these colonies weren't developed. Now, we have a technology wherein we provide broadband facility through wireless system. We will soon survey the area to explore whether the area supports the new technology.\"Talking to TOI, the deputy general manager (enterprise business and outer area) of BSNL, K M Srivastava, said, \"I wasn't aware that these colonies don't get the broadband service. I will look into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426275", "title": "Social networking sites as tool of change", "text": "There is more to social networking sites than just meaningless chatter. Jheel Gada and Nihal Shah discover how tools of social media have directed changeCheck, share, comment, like, tweet, view, update, retweet, follow, blog, post, delete, upload. How often have we heard that each of these has been instrumental in stirring change? From one Facebook post that led to a protest in Tahrir square leading to the revolution in Egypt to the Occupy Wall Street movement, started by a mere blog post. From the 'Pink Chaddi Campaign' to the slut walk or the 'Besharmi Morcha' at a national level; from the 2011 earthquake catastrophe in Japan, where social media played a significant role in connecting victims to their families to Kenyans who used similar online tools to garner support for the famine stricken natives. From the zero tolerance campaign against eve-teasing to the meter jam campaign launched to protest the unreasonable fares charged by autorickshaw drivers, at the local level. Time and again Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and the like have proved their eminence in galvanising support for change.Social media has become the common denominator of promoting opinions, ideas, strategies, campaigns and so on most especially for the youth. It has become a colossal force, eliminating any barrier that hinders contact between humans. It has become the bread and butter of any social movement; be it a campaign against bullying, a revolt against corruption or an attempt to spread awareness. Social media has lent a helping hand whose worth, literally, is inexpressible.Women's rightsNicole Letelier, chief communications officer at She Creates Change (New York) comments, \"Social media helps She Creates Change connect to women seeking to join our community. It allows us to engage in dialogues with women who are seeking support to make positive changes in their lives\". She creates Change is an organisation engaged in empowering women to create a wholesome life. It reaches out to women and educates them on how to best manage their lives personally and professionally. Nicole further said, \"We use all of our social platforms to promote resources from other women empowerment communities that support our cause. Social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and our blog allow women to connect with us, get a sense of who we are, what we value and how we work to support them on this journey\". She concluded by saying that social media was an invaluable extension to the brand and community that helped to ignite a movement, compel women to take action, and blaze their path with passion.Bell Bajao is a national level campaign that seeks to bring domestic violence to a halt. Accounts of survivors are presented on the blog, professional help is provided and stories of change are told using various tools of social media. The Facebook page of Bell Bajao raises existing issues that relate to women's rights providing a forum for discussion.HealthA cereal company Kellogg's together with feeding America has come up with a Facebook page called Kellogg's cares which focuses on educating the youth on proper nutrition through videos and other updates. Bloodaid is a social initiative started by a young doctor and two IT professionals which connects Voluntary blood donors and those who are in need of blood donors through a portal for quick access to blood in times of need. It also uses twitter extensively for a wider reach.The Pure Air Lovers Society (p.a.l.s) is a group of environmentally conscious people who promote campaigns against air pollution. They have a very active Facebook and twitter page that contributes to half the success of the campaign. People post their ideas, suggestions, photos, activities and problems on the pages to which they get responses from their \"p.a.l.s\".Local initiatives\"Our vision is to create eco conscious citizens; to make people think of the planet, think of the people around them, drop conveniences and adopt greener practices. For that, social media plays a crucial role; disseminating the cause and then reinforcing it with visuals, data,\" says Monisha Narke of the RUR, an organisation working towards the recycling of tetra packs. This goes to show that people working at the grassroot level also use social media to propagate their cause.Maitri Bheda, a young marketing professional who uses social media extensively says, \"Social Media has become a centre point of communication for everyone and you can voice your opinion in the easiest of ways, reaching out to thousands of people at one time. There have been many cases where videos that have been taken or pictures that have been uploaded, have brought many harsh realities in front of us.\"So do we still have people questioning the usefulness of social networking sites?Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419451", "title": "Women's Inter-District cricket tournament kicks-off today", "text": "NASHIK: The third edition of the Maharashtra Women's Inter-District Cricket tournament organized by the Nashik District Cricket Association (NDCA) under the aegis of the Maharashtra Cricket Association (MCA) is set to begin on will get underway from Wednesday. The 11-day tournament is being held for the first time in the city.There will be a total of 33 30-over matches with each side playing 30-overs each a side including a semi-final and finalwill take place, of course if rain does not play spoilsport. The matches will be held at the Golf Ground and the Mahatma Nagar Ground.Fifteen teams have been divided into three groups of five. Group A will comprise the host team from Nashik with the defending champion, the Pune district team, along with Parbhani, Jalgaon and Raigad.Nashik team's coach-cum-manager, Avinash Agharkar, is hopeful of his team's chances but warned that in cricket, anything could happen.\"Our team currently wears a balanced look although we have laid special stress on bowling. Apart from the skipper Bhavan Gawali we have Chaitali Bagul, Prajakta Amle and Shalaka Pawar as our main bowlers.\" Agharkar also said that they were going to focus on their immediate target and not worry about the entire tournament all at once. \"Our first target is getting to the top of our group for the semis.\"Nashik has two state-level players in its side. Left-arm-spinner Chatali Bagul and medium-pacer Shalaka Pawar (Medium pace) in it's rank.Roshani Mohbansi another state level bowler will unfortunately be sitting out this time on account of injury, Agharkar said.Each team will play four matches in the league and the top two teams in each group with the two best teams from the remaining groups will move to the quarter final stage. The first match, wchich begins at 8am on Wednesday at Gold Ground, will be inaugurated by the civic body's standing committee chairman Udhav Nimase. at eight in the morning at the Golf Ground. The inaugural match will take place immediately afterwards informs the NDCA secretary Ratan Kuite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419840", "title": "No respite from price pinch", "text": "KOLKATA: Chances of vegetables prices coming down now looks a distant dream. If you are buying green chillies at anything between Rs 150 to Rs 200 and both parwal (potol) and ladies finger at Rs 40-45 per kg, then there is no silver lining yet.According to figures given by agricultural marketing minister Arup Roy, the prices are higher than what it was last year in the retail market. This includes vegetables like ladies finger, parwal, bitter gourd, potato and so on. Roy, however, said on Tuesday that any intervention could begin only a couple of weeks later, after the assembly session is over.He , though, did not clarify on the reason behind the delay in intervention, when the prices are shooting up almost every day. It is possibly since Roy will have to attend the session, he can take up the issue only after that. \"I will also talk to the farmers,\" he said.Also, the task force that was formed last year after the Trinamool Congress came to the power, is yet to give any report, Roy said.The team, formed with officials from relevant departments, was to go to the markets - both wholesale and retail - and talk to farmers to find out how the prices of vegetables were so high in the retail market, when the farmers were selling them at a paltry sum.\"This year, the task force which held a meeting on Monday, would only begin its drive in a few days to check the situation at the ground level,\" Roy said. However, intervention would mean keeping a check, so that hoarding doesn't take place. In any case, for perishable commodities like vegetables, hoarding is not an issue.On Monday, the minister had said that the government would offer subsidy to farmers on transport, so that they could sell their produce to the wholesale markets and the number of middlemen would minimize. However, on Tuesday, the minister made it clear that any such intervention was meant only after mid July, by when he would go and talk to farmers \"and ask them what they want and if such a subsidy will help them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "14422492", "title": "Facebook hijacks users\u2019 email addresses, sparks outrage", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook users were venting anger over a move changing users' default email address to the one operated by the leading social network.\"You can thank Facebook for making that change without telling you,\" said security consultant Graham Cluley of Sophos. Facebook indicated in April it would be \"updating addresses on Facebook to make them consistent across our site\".Bloggers began noticing over the weekend that their contact information had been changed in what some called a \"Gmail Killer\".\"Facebook silently inserted themselves into the path of formerly direct unencrypted communications from people who want to email me. In other contexts, this is known as a Man In The Middle (MITM) attack. What on earth do they think they are playing at?,\" said Gervase Markham on his blog, \"Hacking for Christ\".Cluley said on his blog, \"The social network didn't make clear that it would also be making the @facebook .com email addresses the default address displayed to your online friends.\"Clearly this all part of the site's plan to get more people using the @facebook .com email addresses, thus making the social network even harder to extricate yourself from.\"The moved coincided with a decision by Facebook to postpone a feature called Find Friends Nearby, a location service that identifies other Facebook users in the vicinity. Facebook has been criticized in the past for changes, especially on privacy settings. The email shift appeared aimed at getting users to remain within the Facebook ecosystem, where they can be hit with targeted advertising, instead of moving to rival services from Google, Yahoo! and others. Facebook users can restore their original e-mail addresses by editing their profiles.All you have to do is open up your profile page (hit the \"About\" button under your personal info), scroll down to the \"Contact Info\" box, and hit the \"Edit\" button. There you can toggle who can see which email address and whether it is displayed on your Timeline or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421449", "title": "850 dengue cases in six months", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The dengue cases in the state capital are heading for an all-time record, with 850 cases reported in six months this year. The dengue cases in the corporation area are also on the rise. According to the statistics from the district health administration 70% of the dengue cases reported from the district are from the corporation area.The state capital witnessed such an outbreak in 2010 and 2011 when 1,145 and 980 cases were reported. In 2006 it was 656, in 2007 it was 290, in 2008 it 503 and in 2009 it was 805 cases. But going with the pace the virus is spreading, the state capital is set record an all-time high this year.The worst ever dengue outbreak the state had witnessed was in 2003, when 3,546 cases were reported from the state and there were 68 deaths. That year the state capital reported 789 cases. However, the district health administration has made it clear that there was no cause for concern. \"The number of cases is coming to the notice due to active surveillance of the disease. The effectiveness of disease surveillance lies in the fact that no dengue death has been reported in the district since January this year,\" said Dr T Peetambaran, district medical officer. Out of the 100 wards in the corporation, 42 have been declared fever hit. More cases of dengue were reported from places like Vattiyurkavu, Sasthamangalam, Poojappura, Karamana, Vallakadavu and Veli.\"Luckily this time the coastal belt of the district has not been affected with the epidemic. The areas like Pozhiyur, Vizhinjam, Poovar and Puthanthope have reported very few fever cases, compared to the city areas. The peripheral areas are also safe this time,\" said Dr Unnikrishnan, district programme manager of National Rural Health Mission.On Tuesday 17 confirmed cases of dengue were reported from the district, of which 10 are from the corporation area. About 26 suspected cases of dengue have also been reported. A total of 23,144 cases were reported in OPs of various government hospitals t on Tuesday of which 1,639 were fever cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14426418", "title": "Centralised counselling for PG courses offered by Mangalore University", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University will conduct centralised counselling for admission to all post-graduate courses offered by it on its post-graduate campus at Mangalagangothri here and in the two constituent colleges for the academic year 2012-13. The counselling process for those PG courses in science faculty, and arts and commerce faculty, sans entrance test will be held in the old senate hall of the science complex on June 29, and 30 respectively.The consolidated list of candidates who have applied for various post-graduate courses and those selected for these courses is on the university website www.mangaloreuniversity.ac.in and also displayed on the notice boards of the respective post-graduate departments. Students should take note of the same and those on selection list should submit their original marks list and other certificates and appear with prescribed fee for centralised counselling at 10am.Names of those students not on the selection list, but whose names appear on the consolidated list should appear for counselling at 12noon on the respective dates along with prescribed fee. Seats for students on the consolidated list will be distributed on merit-cum-roster system of reservation, registrar K Chinappa Gowda said. The constituent colleges of the university include University College here and Field Marshal KM Cariappa College in Madikeri.University has formed a centralised admission committee to address issues related to the new process. The committee would also have lists of all departments. As students know status of their applications in different departments by June 28, they can decide and pick a course of their choice. Earlier departments conducted admission on different dates. Students applying for admission in multiple departments would have to wait before zeroing in on a course.Hitherto, it was common practice to see students hop from department to another during admission time. Till last academic year, the admission process roughly took two-weeks. This year, the admissions to PG courses will be over in two-days, registrar said. The university for logistical reasons has shifted the counselling centre from the new senate hall located in the Aadalitha Soudha building to the old senate hall in the science complex bill, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14418782", "title": "Police van driver killed in road mishap", "text": "GONDIA: The driver of a police van was killed when the Sumo vehicle he was driving was hit by a Metador coming from the opposite direction on Kidangipar bridge, about 15km from Gondia on Amgaon road at around 3pm on Monday. The driver of the Metador managed to flee.A team of local crime branch led by PSI Parteti was going to Amgaon to conduct some investigation, by a Sumo on Monday afternoon. While the police vehicle was crossing the Kidangipar bridge, a speeding Metador coming from the opposite direction collided against it. The impact of the collision was so severe that the Sumo hit and broke the iron railing of the bridge and fell into the nullah. The driver of the police van, Raju Bais, who received severe injuries, later died at the KTS Hospital in Gondia during treatment. PSI Parteti was also injured and was admitted to the same hospital.The drive of the Metador which belonged to one Faizal Mini Transport Company in Nagpur, has since been absconding. PI Prasad Pandhare of Amgaon police station is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422465", "title": "Overspeeding causes most of the accidents: Study", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The last five years have seen 2,340 road accidents that snatched over 740 lives in the City Beautiful, famous for its wide roads. The shocking figures raise questions on traffic management and basic policing of traffic cops.In a recent study conducted by the Chandigarh traffic police to evaluate fatal road accidents that took place in 2012, it was found that over-speeding caused most of the accidents, followed by drunken driving. And besides long stretches, over-speeding caused accidents even on internal roads.\"Over-speeding by two and four wheelers is one of the major reasons of accidents. We have observed that offenders usually slow down their vehicles on stretches where nakas are set up. And so, we have decided to set up surprise nakas at new locations,\" Maneesh Chaudhary, superintendent of Chandigarh police (traffic), said.On an average, UT cops issued slips for over-speeding to at least 26 persons every day in 2012 (till June 23). Though this year, 4,667 slips have been issued, the offense continues unabated.Police said it was difficult to set up nakas on internal roads, as these led to vehicular chaos and jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422163", "title": "Textile strike fire may spark inferno", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The workers' strike raging in four textile companies might engulf others as labour leaders have given an ultimatum to Ahmedabad Textile Mill's Association (ATMA).The workers on Wednesday told ATMA to accept their demands of granting interim relief and taking back sacked workers. Otherwise, the leaders warned, they will take the strike to several other textile mills.\"Our demand till now has been falling on deaf ears as neither Ahmedabad Textile Labour Association (TLA) nor ATMA has moved to address our concerns,\" said Yashpal Chauhan, a representative of the striking workers. \"We have given an ultimatum to ATMA through TLA to give us in writing that they will agree to our demands.\"Protesting workers said that labourers from Soma and Nagri Textiles and several other units of Arvind, including Ashoka Spintex, will join the strike.Demanding a 40 per cent hike in wages, more than 6,000 workers from Arvind, Ankur, Ashima and Asarawa textile mills have gone on strike. Terming the strike illegal, the mills have sacked several employees. As the wage demand will be decided by an industrial court, the workers are asking for Rs 1,600 every month as interim relief.\"The workers have been on a strike since June 4, but all that the TLA has done is to hold a couple of meetings in which it failed to raise our concerns,\" said another labour representative, Ashok Sisodia. \"We are not even getting permission to stage dharnas and rallies from police.\"The strike has taken a critical turn as TLA, which under the Bombay Industrial Relations Act, 1946, is the legal bargaining body for textile workers in Ahmedabad, has lost the trust of workers. The companies fear that if a deal is struck with TLA, workers might not agree to the negotiations.\"We have asked TLA to bring a wider mandate from workers,\" said ATMA president and chairman and managing director, Group Ashima, Chintan Parikh. \"But if the process is taking time then we have our hands tied. Once TLA gets a mandate, companies will not take more than a day to settle the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14426928", "title": "China's external debt crosses $751 billion", "text": "BEIJING: China's external debt crossed $751 billion in March, highest since it embarked on economic reforms in 1985, even as debt ridden local governments have been barred from issuing bonds directly to raise revenues.The rising debt is adding to concerns whether it may undermine China's fiscal position and cause economic harm, a report in the state run China Daily said.According to data released by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), the country's total debt increased 8.1% from $695 billion three months earlier.The proportion of short-term debt rose to a record high of 74%, well above the international alert level of 25%, the Daily report said.SAFE said the increase in short-term debt is closely related to the rapid development of China's foreign trade.Meanwhile, China has halted plans to allow local governments to issue bonds directly, as policymakers increase their scrutiny of regional debt risks and call for improved fiscal management at the local level.The central government will continue to sell bonds on their behalf, official media here reported.According to National Audit Office, the provinces' debt was stated to be around 10.7 trillion yuan ($1.68 trillion) by the end of 2010, in which local governments are responsible for 70% of the debt repayment.Some experts have expressed concern that the cancellation of direct debt issuance will put local authorities under greater financial strain.Jia Kang, director of the Finance Ministry's Fiscal Science Research Centre, said the move does not reflect the actual requirements under current economic conditions.\"It is imperative to open the bond market to local governments as a proper financing channel. It is also a chance to prevent further hidden debt and prevent risks,\" China Daily quoted Jia as writing in his micro blog.But now that the door is closed, local governments will face increasing fiscal constraints from decreasing land sale revenues and increasing expenditures on people's livelihoods, Xiang Songzuo, chief economist of Agricultural Bank of China Ltd said.\"Expanding financing channels for local governments and letting them be responsible for their own debt repayments is a basic direction of China's fiscal reform, and that should not be changed,\" Xiang said.However, Ye Yanfei, deputy head of the statistics department of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, said the new move will barely affect the repayment of current loans made to local governments through financing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14422162", "title": "Four commuters injured in freak pantograph accident", "text": "MUMBAI: In a freak accident, four commuters were injured after being hit by fragments of a pantograph of a suburban local and the overhead equipment (OHE) wire, which came off after getting entangled.The incident occurred at 8.21am on Tuesday as a CST-Karjat local was approaching Vangani station\u2014near Badlapur\u2014on the Central Railway (CR) Main line. This led to delays and cancellations on the stretch.The injured were travelling on a Karjat-CST local on the adjoining tracks and got hit as they were standing near the door. Sources said while three of them were in one compartment, the fourth victim was in another coach. Officials said they would be able to ascertain the exact chain of events only after a probe.Sources said the OHE wire had sagged\" due to temperature fluctuation or lack of maintenance. They then got entangled with three of the 12-car local's four pantographs. All three pantographs were damaged. \"There are two possibilities , the first being that fragments of the OHE wire and a pantograph came crashing down and hit the commuters. The other theory is that one of these got stuck somewhere and jutted out dangerously. hit some commuters travelling on the footboard of a train coming from the opposite direction,\" an official said.The four injured were identified as Vilas Kamri (27), Abdul Rehman Gundkalli (24), Anant Karale (25) and Riyakat Mohammed Shaikh (35). Sources said the accident could have assumed more serious proportions had the trains been moving at a higher speed.Interestingly, the sources pointed out that something might have gone wrong while carrying out OHE work at Vangani on Monday night. However, CR chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said: \"The exact cause of the accident will be known to us only after the commission of railway safety (Central circle) completes its inquiry.\"Recalling the incident, Vilas's brother Chintan (19) said: \"Vilas, who was standing near the door, sustained leg injuries after being hit by what appeared to be a portion of a pantograph. He became unconscious and almost fell off the train. I managed to pull him in with help from his friend, Anil Kamble, who was travelling on the same train.Railway staffers took the injured to hospital after the train reached Badlapur station. The condition of all four was stable, said sources, adding that Abdul, Anant and Riyakat had been discharged after treatment. Vilas, a Karjat local, was going to his workplace in Ulhasnagar when the accident occurred. Abdul, who is from Kurla, said he was hit on the head and started bleeding immediately.Anant and Riyakat are residents of Karjat and Vangani, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427293", "title": "Salman Khan sets his eyes on CGTR", "text": "The buzz is that Dabangg Khan is very interested in knowing how Pawan Kalyan's next flick Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu shapes up. The Bollywood super star apparently heard about the film when he was in Hyderabad to attend Ram Charan wedding celebrations. Salman interacted with Pawan and Puri Jagannath was very impressed by the plot line of the flick and has been keeping a close eye on the film.Salman Khan goes back a long time with director Puri Jagannath and apparently makes it a point to watch all his films. It was Puri Jagannath's Pokiri which when dubbed into Hindi as \"Wanted\" that revived Salman's fledgling fortunes. The actor has found a happy knack of turning successful Tollywood pot boilers into Bollywood blockbusters.Insiders say it wouldn't be so much of a surprise if Salman comes forward to buy the remake rights of the film considering three of his last four blockbusters have been remakes of South Indian flicks. It will all depend on how CGTR will turn out. Looking at the current BO standing of Pawan Kalyan and Puri Jagannath it could well turn out to be another blockbuster in waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421832", "title": "Kingsfisher Airlines' passenger shuttle catches fire at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: A Kingfisher Airlines passenger shuttle bus caught fire inside operational area of the airport on Tuesday. The shuttle was empty.Sources said smoke emanated from the AC compressor at the rear when the driver started the bus to bring it from a parking bay to the terminal around 8.30am. The bus was stopped and fire tenders extinguished it before it could spread. Initial investigation showed that a spark in the compressor might have triggered the fire, said an official.The accident created a flutter as the bus was on the remote bay across the runway on the air side where aircraft parking bays and taxiways are located.\"It was only a minor fire. It was detected and extinguished immediately,\" said airport director H S Suresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419268", "title": "After the dump, Corporation of the City of Panaji flushes Campal clean", "text": "PANAJI: Following TOI's reportage on the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) restarting dumping of waste at the Campal parade ground, the corporation swung into action on Tuesday with mayor Vaidehi Naik visiting the site to take stock of the situation.Co-opted member of the CCP Patricia Pinto and municipal engineer Sachin Ambe were among those who accompanied her. CCP workers cleared a drain bordering the dump to prevent water stagnation, as well as later covering the recently-dumped garbage with mud and sand. JCB machines levelled the garbage and the mud.Since the garbage was dumped on Monday, a foul stench emanated from the dump, creating a nuisance for residents of the area-the neighbourhood includes a school, a college, a church, a hospital, and a guest house, besides several residential colonies.\"The CCP has stopped the dumping,\" Naik told TOI. \"The drain near the dump was blocked with plastic bottles, which was resulting in water stagnation.\"She said there was a backlog in the garbage management mechanism. \"The infrastructure for garbage management was not ready and this, coupled with the monsoon, had led to the dumping of waste at the site,\" she added.Sources disclosed that in the evening, a CCP worker came to the site in a CCP vehicle with two bags of wet waste and dumped them in a pit. It seems this was done without the knowledge of CCP officials.The dumping of garbage at the parade ground was in gross violation of a high court directive, which was issued based on a petition by the YMCA hostel, which is among the worst affected by the dumping.Besides the foul odour, the garbage dump has led to many flies, mosquitoes, dogs and rodents swarming the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14418564", "title": "Good Samaritans help quench Kolams' thirst", "text": "YAVATMAL: Drinking water has been a perennial problem for Kolam tribal pods in Zari tehsil of Yavatmal district. But for assurances they generally get nothing. However, two Good Samaritans from Punjab showed compassion for their suffering fellow citizens and dug up four borewells at an estimated cost of Rs 2.5 lakh to find a permanent solution to the problem.Manish Dadhwal (32), a PGT teacher in Ludhiana-based BCM School, and his engineering student Jatinder Kumar Verma (20) made the dream of the Kolams come true.An article titled 'Rahul ki bechari vidhwaye' in a leading Hindi magazine sometime in 2011, highlighting the harrowing life experiences of the farm widows, prompted Manish to visit the western parts of Vidarbha to have a closer look at the situation. Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had showed special interest in redressing the problems of drought-hit and suicide prone areas of Yavatmal district which seemed to have prompted the write-up.Manish, Jatinder and Prithpal Deogan first went to Nagpur and then visited a few tribal villages in Zari tehsil in December that year. After studying the situation for three days, the threesome returned to their hometown with a strong determination to do something concrete for the people hit by agrarian crisis.They collected funds from philanthropists of Ludhiana and came to Zari on June 22. They visited the four Kolam pods at Kundi, Hiwra, Nandgaon and Ambazari where the tribals faced acute drinking water problem for the last 50 years. The womenfolk had to walk 4-5 kilometres daily for fetching water. Though the water they would get was contaminated and non-potable, they had no option in the scorching summer.Manish and his colleagues then decided to first solve the drinking water problem. They dug up 4 borewells, costing Rs 60,000 each. Manish told TOI, water was found at a depth of 300 to 450 feet and was potable. He said the team would return to Punjab on June 28 as their school and college are reopening on July 1.Giving details of future plans for the welfare of farm widows and their families, Jatinder Kumar said they would collect donations from noble people in Punjab and set up a hospital for poor in the region. Manish spoke of setting up a veterinary hospital in the region after witnessing the death of a cow in village Ambazari due to starvation on Sunday. He said his present and former students have expressed willingness to serve the people in Yavatmal region. The villagers of Nandgaon on Sunday felicitated the Good Samaritans for social commitment and compassion.Kishore Tiwari, president of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti (VJAS), said not much has changed even after a petition was filed on tribal starvation, water and malnourishment issues in the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court in 2001 and National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). A team of NHRC paid a visit in 2006 and the government assured to arrange water, food and shelter to all the tribals. The ground reality is that nothing much has changed, Tiwari said. In such a situation, such helping hands are required to save the dying tribal communities of Vidarbha.Teacher's tribute in memory of sonThe bore-well at Nandgaon has been donated by Rama Kapoor, a teacher in Ludhiana, in memory of her son Monu who died of blood cancer. It was a touching moment for the villagers when they came to know that Monu was denied water by the doctor during the last moments of his life. But his mother wanted to see the people get potable water for which money was given. Grateful villagers have put up a memorial of Monu Kapoor near a temple in Kolam pod with his photographs and the last painting devoted to his sister. Residents of the nearby villagers have also started using water from this bore-well, said Suresh Bolenwar. This sure would fulfil the wishes of Monu's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14421909", "title": "Gir lions, Amdavadi autos to roar in New Jersey", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gir lions will roar on New Jersey streets, which will also reverberate with the sounds of Amdavadi autorickshaws and Saurashtra chhakdas revving up. This may seem like a paradox but it is going to be a reality when Gujaratis living in North America experience 'real Gujarat' during a three-day extravaganza Chaalo Gujarat - World Gujarati Conference. The event, starting on August 31, will be held at Raritan Expo Centre, New Jersey. After a gap of nearly four years, the Association of Indian Americans in North America (AIANA) will hold its third event at which as many as 45,000 Gujaratis from across the world are expected to relive Gujarat in New Jersey.\"This is an effort to showcase Gujarat and its glorious past, enterprising present and bright future to the people living away from home,\" said AIANA president Sunil Nayak while addressing the media. \"Our motivation is to give the youth who are cut off from their roots a glimpse of their rich cultural heritage.\" Nayak added that the event would bridge the gap between Gujarat and the Gujarat in America.\"Chaalo Gujarat is an effort to keep Gujarat alive,\" said MP Parimal Nathwani, who was present at the event. \"Lot of hard work is required to organize an event of this scope. The sense of our rich heritage should be kept alive, especially among the youth living abroad.\"The highlight of the event is that for the first time more than 10,000 people will watch a 3D film on Gujarat in Gujarati on a giant screen. Other attractions are a spiritual discourse by Morari Bapu, seminars, dayro, sugam sangeet, Miss Gujarati USA pageant, and not to forget, mouth-watering Gujarati cuisine.\"We will ship 15 rickshaws from the roads of Ahmedabad and 15 chhakdas from Saurashtra to New Jersey,\" Nayak said. \"These will ferry people from the parking area to the main concourse and there will be vendors selling chana in newspapers on the stretch.\"Besides, the famous pol areas of Amdavad will be recreated at the venue along a 30-feet wooden charkha. There will be a huge kaleidoscope showing images of Gujarat. The event will comprise a trade show, international property show for which Gujarati realtors will be invited, exhibitions, business meets, a youth festival, a Bollywood evening and mega cultural programmes.The venue will also feature life-size statues of Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel which will be specially designed by a Chinese company on the lines of the creations at Madame Tussauds. \"Plans are also afoot to have ten people dressed as Gandhiji ride Harley Davidson bikes during the Independence Day parade in New York,\" Nayak said. \"The idea is to send a message that Gujarat and Gandhiji have come to Manhattan.\"Other eminent personalities at the event were Krishnakant Vakhariya, Harsh Bramhbhatt, and Harish Bhimani. Efforts are being made to ensure that personalities like Sam Pitroda, Zubin Mehta , Mukesh Ambani , and Paresh Rawal make it to the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418535", "title": "For some, girls first choice for adoption", "text": "MUMBAI: In a city that regularly witnesses girl children being abandoned and female foetuses dumped, there are others who consider adopting only a baby girl can complete their families. Ironically, though the number of females being abandoned are on the rise, couples have to wait especially long before they can take home a daughter from an adoption centre.For hotelier couple Neha and Deepak Bassi from Chembur, the dream of having a daughter-they have a biological son-came true when they brought home one-year-old Innaya from an adoption centre on Deepak's 40th birthday. \"Innaya is all of two now. She is so settled in the family, it is almost like a dream,\" said Neha. The couple's four-year-old son dotes on her. Neha's apprehensions about bringing home a one-year baby were put to rest by Innaya, who in no time became one of them.Neha can never forget the day they visited Bal Asha Trust in Churchgate. \"It was our first brush with reality. We were told how an abandoned child could be picked up from anywhere or could belong to any background. But, we were determined to have a baby girl,\" she said.The Bassis consider themselves lucky that they did not have to wait longer than six-seven months before they could take their daughter home. Most couples wishing to adopt have to wait for at least two years and the deadline may extend if they insist on a girl. Corroborating it, Bal Asha Trust executive director Sunil Arora said though abandonment cases were on the rise, they did not have enough female babies for adoption.The Mehtas from Girgaum, who adopted a girl nine years ago, said their decision was not instinctive, but something they planned the day their tied the knot. The mother, Shubhalaxmi (44), says her \"upbringing had a lot to influence the decision\". \"My mother's friend had adopted a girl. I grew up playing with her,\" and spent a lot of my childhood with her,\" Shubhalaxmi told TOI. \"Since then, I had nurtured this desire to adopt children, and my husband was also in favour,\" she said. Three years later, they adopted a boy. \"One needs to know how to bring them up together. They grow up just like biological siblings,\" she said.Shubhalaxmi added over the years, perception has changed about adoptions outside family. Public relations consultant Amit Nandy (42) could not agree more. Nandy and his wife had always wanted to have a girl, and that too, adopted. \"We wanted one child and we have her now,\" said Nandy. He brought their daughter home when she was 11 months old, and that very day changed their lives' meaning. \"The feeling cannot be expressed. It is pathetic to think of a society that abandons a gild child,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418713", "title": "Contractor makes merry as road users suffer", "text": "NAGPUR: The drive down the NEERI road can be pleasurable one but for the frequent debris of concrete dumped carelessly at regular intervals. This road has again has been dug up fourth time for the ongoing Pench-IV water project. This stretch lays bare the faulty planning of Nagpur Municipal Corporation and contractors working under it.Under the Pench-IV project, the NMC had dug up around 10 km of road from Seminary Hills to Omkar Nagar overhead water tank to lay 1100 mm pipeline in 2009. First, the road was dug up to lay pipelines and covered. Then it was dug up again to join the pipeline. This work was carried out at a snail's pace and caused severe inconvenience to road users on this 'VIP road'.Late last year, it was dug up a third time over a 600 metre stretch to check pressure. The pipeline laying work finally completed in January this year. It was believed that at least now the road would be smooth. Before the civic polls this year, the NMC even carried out asphaltation over it.However, this was not to be. The private agency entrusted with the pipeline work again dug up the road at 12 places every 100 metres or so. This time it is to strengthen the inner lining of the pipeline. Arun Shah of DRA Consultants, the private firm doing the job, said the process can only be done after carrying out of hydro pressure testing. It will ensure that steel pipeline lasts long.He failed to explain why the work could not have been done at one go. He also refused to say whether the company was billing NMC again for repeated digging and repairs. Prakash Urade, executive engineer, Pench project, refused to comment.The frequent digging up of roads has riled the road users. \"Recently, NMC had asphalted the road, now it is bad again,\" general physician Dr Pramod Khalatkar, a resident of Ajni, said. He also blamed various government agencies, especially the NMC, for deteriorating condition of roads. Another resident Narendra Palandurkar opined, \"When roads are dug up, the strength is lost and the original quality can't be ensured. The roads ripped up frequently do not last long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420770", "title": "Abu Jundal\u2019s arrest will push back India-Pakistan peace talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The arrest of LeT terrorist Abu Jundal is a hot potato -- it will make it harder to push the peace constituency within the government. The revelations of ISI's direct involvement in the 26/11 attacks are sure to halt the enthusiasm of the recent engagement.Some of these details will be the stuff of discussion between the two foreign secretaries, Ranjan Mathai and Jalil Jilani, when they meet on July 4-5. Pakistan refused to sign an agreed visa agreement in April, while there was no reported progress in the Siachen or Sir Creek talks. Nevertheless, Indian officials maintain that relations with Pakistan are on the upswing.Pakistan had predicated its stand on an \"outcome-oriented\" dialogue with India on the expectation that PM Manmohan Singh would travel to Pakistan later this year. Given Jundal's arrest, it will be very tough for the PM to go there without some tangible progress on the 26/11 investigation.On Tuesday, Pakistan moved quickly to free Sarabjit Singh, the Indian prisoner held in Pakistan for over two decades. Although this is seen as a quid pro quo for the release of Dr Khalil Chishty from an Indian prison recently, the news will serve to mitigate the anti-Pakistan feeling being built up.Responding to questions regarding the arrest of Abu Jundal, Pakistan on Tuesday renewed its offer to cooperate with India on issues related to terror, stating that Islamabad has been in the vanguard of the campaign against terror. \"As agreed at the highest level between Pakistan and India, terrorism is a common concern and counter-terrorism cooperation is in the mutual interest of both countries,\" the spokesperson of the Pakistan high commission said here. \"Pakistan has renewed its offer of cooperation in this domain,\" he added.The meeting between the two foreign ministers has been delayed since the dates clashed with the presidential polls here. Pakistan wanted to hold the meeting on July 19 which was not convenient to the Indian side in view of the presidential poll on that date. Soon after that, the Parliament session prevents travel by S M Krishna, which means the next available dates for talks would be in August-September.However, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin stressed that the rescheduling was not indicative of any \"substance problem\" between the two neighbours. \"Don't merge substance with process... rescheduling should not be taken as substance problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14426793", "title": "Gujarat HC quashes GEB order, says cannot charge consumer for faulty metre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If your electricity metre is running slow, do not worry because the electricity company cannot charge you for the loss in the past. What the company can do at the most is just to replace the metre. In one such case, wherein the Gujarat Electricity Board (GEB), which now succeeded by the Uttar Gujarat Vij Company Ltd (UGVCL) had slapped a bill of over Rs 8 lakh on a company after the metre was found running slow. The Gujarat high court has cancelled the bill and quashed authority's order for recovery.Polylink Polymers (India) Ltd was a consumer of high tension electricity since July 1995.The electricity company had installed Electronic Trivecor Statis metre. A year later, GEB officials checked the metre and found that it was running slow by 40.20%. In February 1997, GEB issued order to the consumer to pay a supplementary bill of over Rs 8 lakh.The bill was raised on basis of slow meter for the period of 15 months from the date of installation. The consumer company had objection to this.The issue reached appellate authority in April 1997, which reduced the period to six months. The company was not ready to accept additional charge, and it moved the HC saying that installation of slow metre was a fault committed by the electricity company. Hence the consumer should not be penalized for a fault on part of the service provider. After hearing the case, justice Akil Kureshi quashed the GEB's decision to raise a supplementary bill and recover the extra charge from the consumer company. The court observed, \"The Electrical Inspector himself concluded that it was not possible to ascertain the period. Section 26(6) of the Electricity Act required the Electrical Inspector to judge not only the degree of slowness, but also the period not exceeding six months when such recording would have prevailed. The consumer cannot be saddled with additional charges without concrete material on record particularly when the Electrical Inspector held that the accuracy of the meter was not checked by GEB before installation though required under the rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14422352", "title": "Britain fears al-Qaida may target Olympics", "text": "LONDON: A month before the London Olympics, head of Britain's domestic spy agency said the games were an attractive target for terrorists and that some terror networks have thought about whether they could pull off an attack.In a rare public speech on Monday, MI5 director-general Jonathan Evans though dispelled fears saying, \"The Games are not an easy target and the fact that we have disrupted multiple terrorist plots here and abroad in recent years demonstrates that the UK as a whole is not an easy target for terrorism.\" Promising a \"successful and memorable Games this summer in London\" , he said, \"We are far from complacent. A lot of hard work still lies ahead and there is no such thing as guaranteed security.\"MI5 and other counter-terriorism agencies have prevented major incidents on British soil other than suicide missions on London's underground in 2005. Methods and tactics of combating Islamic terrorism had improved over the years. \"You could say that we are near to reaching a form of stalemate \u2014 they haven't stopped trying but we have got better at stopping them,\" he said.Evans warned of a new threat emerging from an \"Arab world in radical transition\" . The terror outfit, al-Qaida , has taken advantage of instability in the region after last year's Arab Spring.They have regrouped in the region after feeling threatened by Nato forces in Afghanistan , he said. Revolutions towards democracy in Arab countries offered hope, but there was a \"more immediate problem\" as al-Qaida has returned to its original habitat.Scores of would-be British jihadis are travelling to Arab countries to be trained by al-Qaida. They are currently being trained in Libya , Egypt, Yemen and Somalia , Evans said. Figures last year suggested more than 100 Britons were absorbed by terror groups in Somalia.It is suspected that many are now being prepared for terrorist attacks across Yemen , Egypt and Libya. Evans also suggested there could be a steady stream of new recruits from the UK. From a British domestic perspective, Evans said, \"Some will return to the UK and pose a threat here. This is a new and worrying development.\" Speaking about the threat perception in Britain, he said, \"In back rooms, in cars and on the streets of this country there is no shortage of individuals talking about wanting to mount terrorist attacks here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419884", "title": "Neem extract may be used as cancer drug", "text": "KOLKATA: A neem extract, which strengthens the immune system helping it fight cancer, could soon be made into a drug.Developed by scientists at the Chittaranjan National Cancer Research Institute (CNCRI) in Kolkata two years ago, the experiment has passed the mandatory stages required for human use and permission would soon be sought from the Drug Controller General of India to use it as a medicine. But it could still take more than a year to complete the formalities, CNCRI authorities said.If made into a drug, it would be a big step for cancer research in Kolkata. Several successful experiments to assist cancer treatment have been carried out in the city over the last five years. None of the resultant drugs, however, has yet made it to the market.\"We are about to prepare an application that will be sent to the Drug Controller. Once they clear necessary it, we shall start approaching manufacturers. It is an area that we, as scientists, are not very comfortable in. But for the sake of patients, we shall make the effort,\" said Rathindranath Baral, senior scientific officer at CNCRI who led the research.A glycoprotein extracted from neem was found to be strengthening the immune system and helping retard the growth of cancerous tumours. It was successfully tried on animals. \"We immunized mice with the glycoprotein and then introduced tumours in them. The growth rate of tumours was found to be much slower. While drugs kill cancer cells, this glycoprotein strengthens the immune system by triggering interaction between the cells. It is completely non-toxic and has no side-effects. Our experiments have shown that the immunization helps normalize the micro-environment around the tumour,\" said Baral. Four different kinds of tumours were introduced in the mice. Each was successfully resisted by the extract. Subrata Laskar of Burdwan University and Anamika Bose, researcher at the Bose Institute, assisted Baral for the research. They had around 22 researchers and PhD students helping them.The neem extract, however, can't be used as a vaccine. A single vaccine, Baral explained, won't be effective for cancerous growths that could vary according to the place of occurrence. \"Vaccines could be either prophylactic or therapeutic. This one would be effective as a therapeutic vaccine. It can be used only after cancer has struck. Since the glycoprotein strengthens immunity, it would be of great help to cancer patients who generally have weak immunity. Treatments like chemotherapy and radiotherapy further weaken it. This would help revive the immune system and help patients endure the treatment better,\" said Baral.Oncologist Gautam Mukhopadhyay hailed the experiment. This would be a significant step in cancer treatment, he said. \"If it doesn't have toxicity, then it's sure going to be of help.Cancer patients do have an immunity problem. If that is strengthened, their chances of survival can immediately go up. That the experiment has been done in Kolkata is something we can be proud of,\" said Mukhopadhyay. A paper on the research will soon be published in a reputable medical journal.The glycoprotein could be particularly effective for cancer in the head and neck region as well as cervical cancer. It neutralizes the Regulator T cells and Regulatory Dendritic cells that temper the immune system. For a cancer patient this slows down the immune vitality.Initially, the research team that has worked on the drug for a decade had aimed to pitch it as a vaccine. But soon, they realized it wouldn't be feasible as cancer had several forms. The reasons, pattern and the rate of progression of different forms of cancer differ greatly.\"As this protein has been found to work better against cancerous tumours and growths, we believe it could eventually be used as a substitute for chemotherapy and radiotherapy, said Baral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419495", "title": "Manipal University former VC stresses on need for 'medical humanism'", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is a need for 'medical humanism' today in the business of healthcare, said Dr B M Hegde, cardiologist and former vice-chancellor of Manipal University while speaking on the subject of 'Medical ethics at crossroads' here on Tuesday. He said that the medical world had turned into a business with doctors taking medicine to the marketplace and making healthcare unaffordable to a chunk of the country's population.Dr Hegde was speaking at the third Ushalakshmi Breast Cancer Foundation Oration that was organized jointly with Manthan at Vidyaranya school. Despite the gathering comprising a large number of doctors, Dr Hegde hit out at lack of ethics in his fraternity as he pointed out that it wasn't medical ethics that he was talking about, but human ethics. \"If you are humane and consider patients as your near and dear ones, then things will not be so bad,\" said Dr Hegde, a Padma Bhushan awardee.He went on to note that there was a need for a change in the mindset of people that they need outside help to heal. He suggested alternative therapies including homeopathy as options for treating several ailments. He said that while doctors were important, they were not gods. \"A doctor makes a mistake but then he should explain it to the patient. Be honest to the patient,\" he said.Dr Hegde's talk, which was organized on the occasion of Doctor's Day that is observed on July 1, went on to explore the prohibitively expensive modern medicine. He said that only 1% of the country's population had access to modern medicine. Healthcare related industries of diagnostics and pharma too had turned into money making businesses, he said, adding that several research-based studies were funded by pharma companies.Dr P Raghuram, CEO and director of Ushalakshmi Breast Cancer Foundation said that medical ethics have taken a serious beating over the past few years. \"What was earlier considered the noblest profession has become questionable today,\" said Dr Raghuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14461117", "title": "Teamwork behind the success of 'Bihar Ke Lala', says Tiwari", "text": "Bhojpuri singer and actor Manoj Tiwari who earned kudos for his Gangs Of Wasseypur song Bihar Ke Lala gives credit to lyricist Piyush Mishra, music director Sneha Khanwalker and director Anurag Kashyap for the success of the song.Lashing out the criticism about Gangs of Wasseypur , Tiwari said Gangs of Wasseypur has been appreciated across the globe and those who criticised the film are neither Bihari nor Jharkhandis and are unaware of the reality of Wasseypur.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418408", "title": "UPPCL blacklists six companies for supplying sub-standard transformers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior officials of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited on Tuesday blacklisted six transformer supplying companies and suspended two senior officials including a chief engineer. The move comes hours after UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav hauled up power authorities over poor quality of transformers that aggravated power crisis in the state.Yadav, while addressing a review meeting had issued stern instructions to officers to ensure quality control of the transformers. He said all firms supplying poor and sub-standard transformers should be blacklisted and action should also be initiated against officers who had testified the quality of such poor transformers. The CM also directed that action be taken against all firms involved in supplying faulty meters in the past. Akhilesh, in a recent interview to TOI, had blamed the previous government for procuring poor quality power equipments, which resulted in power crisis.Within hours, chairman of UPPCL, Avanish Awasthi issued a notice to six companies - PME Noida, RTS Jaipur, Technocrat, Accurate, PP Industries and Swaska. The press release issued by the information department quoted Awasthi as saying that action has been initiated against a total of 14 companies who supplied transformers to UPPCL.Awasthi said that nearly half of the transformers supplied by these companies went dysfunctional within a year. Later, chief engineer of Aligarh KK Singhal and superintending engineer Narendra Agarwal were suspended. Interestingly, Lucknow alone has reported nearly 488 transformers getting damaged within a span of last two months. The corporation is yet to take action against the companies, which supplied these transformers and the officials who were responsible for procuring them.The CM also directed power officials to install meters in feeders through which consumers get actual information on power supply. Yadav also spoke of the use of pre-paid meters, where higher line losses are reported.Meanwhile, the UPPCL has initiated a single window system for providing new connections to the consumers. \"A consumer who has a house within 40 metres from the distribution line will be provided a connection immediately on payment of due fee and a meter will be installed within 48 hours,\" Awasthi said. A consumer seeking a 2 Kw meter load connection will be required to pay Rs 2,650, while the one requiring 3 Kw will have to deposit Rs 3,200. The UPPCL has set a target of 20,000 new connections in Lucknow alone. For this, Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration (Lesa) has been asked to organise camps in different parts of the state capital. Likewise, every sub-station will have a list of 10 consumers each, which will give a feed back on the power situation on a time to time basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419662", "title": "Police naik accepts 10,000 bribe, nabbed by ACB", "text": "NASHIK: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Monday nabbed a police naik attached with the Nashik (rural) police while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 in the premises of the motor vehicle court at Nashik Road.The accused, Sujay Jayant Patil, was a complainant in a case involving an overloaded truck that was intercepted at the Ghoti toll naka on June 22 at 12.30pm by officials from the motor vehicle court. After the truck was intercepted, it was taken to the Ghoti police station, while the owner of the truck was asked to be present at the motor vehicle court.Patil phoned the owner of the truck and told him that the case against him may cost around Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000. However, Patil assured him that he would see that the fine is minimum, provided he pays Patil a bribe of Rs 10,000.On Monday, the owner attended court proceedings and was fined Rs 30,000 for the offence of overloading the truck. Though he paid the fine, Patil approached him again and demanded Rs 10,000 saying that he had made an effort to ensure that the fine was minimum. The owner finally gave Patil Rs 10,000 near a tea stall outside the court premises at 4.45pm. Patil was nabbed by ACB sleuths in front of witnesses.The trap was laid as per orders of the ACB superintendent, SS Shinde and additional superintendent J A Thakur.Patil is a driver of a senior official of the motor vehicle court. Since he was aware that the fine levied could be only of around Rs 20,000 to Rs 30,000, he took the number of the owner from the truck driver and told him the fine could go up to Rs 50,000, which he could reduce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418871", "title": "The murder of 3 rivers", "text": "NAGPUR: It's a well-known fact that the Nag and Pili rivers passing through the city have turned into big nullahs over the years and are heading towards slow death. But in what may be termed as just brutal murder, the city lost its third river - the Pohara - some years ago and it now seems to exist only in the NMC records. Leave aside citizens, even officials and political leaders seem to be stumped about the Pohara.The Nag river is one of the 20 notified rivers of the state. The Pili and Pohara are tributaries of the Nag river. The names of Nag and Pili river is still existing and known to many of the citizens. But the name of Pohara river is not only known to the citizens but also public representatives.The NMC had prepared three big plans - rejuvenation of Nag river and 11 lakes, and city sanitation plan which are submitted to the state and central government. The NMC had mentioned the name of Pohara as one of the three rivers in the city. Asked about the location of Pohara river, officials say that it is the big nullah passing through Somalwada and crossing the Wardha road near Sonegaon police station.According to the city's topography sheets prepared during the British period, the Pohara river existed in South-West part of the city. The location of the origin of the river was traced near Hingna village. A study of the topography sheets and visit to the location reveals that the river might have used to start behind Hingna MIDC residential area near the SRPF Camp's main gate. The origin might have been the confluence of two natural springs coming from the hillocks located in that area and also hillock on which SRPF camp is located at present. Then, the river might passed parallel to the Defence Railway line which does not exist now and the tract of land reserved for proposed London Street project from Takli Sim. Till here there is no existence of the river at present.Between Defence Railway line and Yashoda Nagar, a nullah starts from underground sewage line constructed some time ago. The nullah turns and passes under a bridge constructed on the line. The bridge is the first evidence to prove the existence of the river and its width. When the rail line was constructed during the British period, there was no residential area in the locality. Therefore, there is no question of a big nullah existing at that time. The bridge might have been constructed for the river.After passing under the bridge, the nullah shrinks to a small drain and passes along the road towards Hiranwar Layout and Ramabai Ambedkar slums. Then, the nullah passing through Hiranwar Layout crosses Jaitala road. Alongside the compound wall of the airport, the nullah again crosses Defence Railway line. Here too, a well-constructed bridge exists till date. The nullah passing through Surve Nagar, Trimurti Nagar, Jaiprakash Nagar again crosses the Defence Railway line at Khamla market. Here, there is a very big bridge as the nullah takes a complete U-turn and heads towards the Sahakar Nagar ghat. Here, there is the newly constructed Sahakar Nagar bridge. The nullah then enters Somalwada and comes on the Wardha road beside Sonegaon police station.NMC officials' claimed that the nullah at Somalwada is the Pohara river. Traced back, it is the same river coming from Takli Sim.After crossing the Wardha road, the nullah goes on widening when it passes through Manish Nagar, Besa and heads towards Parsodi, Temsala, Adka, and Titur villages. The river merges with Nag river at Jarad village, according to the topography sheets. The same sketch of the river may be seen in the topography sheet of natural water flows of the city available with the NMC and prepared by the then irrigation department, now known as water resources department.According to a senior NMC official, the city was blessed with many natural water flows due to hillocks situated on the West and South-West parts of the city towards the Amravati road and Hingna village. The Nag river's origin was also in the hillocks after Dabha. Thanks to the unplanned development of Dabha and Wadi, now the small drains join to form Nag river, carrying sewage from these areas. It enters Ambazari lake behind Hingna MIDC. The river exists from the overflow point of Ambazari lake and passes into of the city, travelling 17km within the city. It carries sewage, garbage and has been encroached upon at many places. The Pili river exists from overflow point of Gorewada lake and is worse than the Nag river.NMC officials say that the rejuvenation of the rivers and lakes is not possible due to the civic body's cash crunch. \"NMC submitted a detailed project report for rejuvenation of rivers and lakes under Central government's National Rivers and Lakes Conservation Plan. Funds for two lakes were sanctioned and those for the remaining water bodies are pending. Final touches have been given to the rejuvenation of Nag river plan and will be submitted in coming days,\" an official said.Veteran social activist Umesh Choubey said that the rejuvenation of the three rivers and 11 lakes is very important for the city and conservation of environment in the coming days. \"High Court had taken cognisance of Gosikhurd dam pollution and has been pressing authorities to correct the problem. It is only the judiciary that can bring NMC, NIT, state pollution control board, water resources department and state government together for the cause,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14418250", "title": "Sarabjit gets his life back, set to return home soon", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Sarabjit Singh , the alleged Indian spy who was on death row following his conviction for terrorism, will soon be free and heading home. Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari commuted to life the death sentence awarded to the alleged RAW agent for carrying out terror acts.With Sarabjit having already served out the general duration of life sentence in Pakistan, it is widely expected that he would soon be home in Amritsar.Shortly after Zardari's order, law minister Farooq H Naek signed an order for Sarabjit's release and sent it to the interior ministry. Sources said he could be soon handed over to Indian diplomats who would facilitate his return.Singh's clemency chances had brightened last month after the Supreme Court of India gave bail to Dr Khalil Chisty, allowing the 80-year-old Pakistani virologist convicted of murder in Ajmer to come home after 20 years. Foreign minister S M Krishna had raised the issue of Sarabjit's release during talks with his Pakistani counterpart in 2010, highlighting the process initiated for the release of Dr Chishty.The timing of Zardari's order, a day after the arrest of 26/11 handler Abu Jundal despite Pakistan's resistance, also struck many. Pakistan's efforts to stop Jundal from being handed over to India has strengthened doubts about its commitment to punish the perpetrators of the terrorist attack on Mumbai.But whatever the reason, Sarabjit's family was already celebrating in Amritsar, chomping on ladoos. It's a moment that the family of the 49-year-old death convict 50km away across the Wagah border had been dreaming about for 22 years. \"I want to thank the Indian and Pakistan governments for their efforts. We want to hug him for a long time. Then we will go to a gurudwara,\" Sarabjit's daughter Swapandeep Kaur said.\"Sarabjit Singh's death sentence had been converted to life imprisonment by the President and the Indian prisoner has completed his sentence,\" law minister Naek said. Singh, who had been on death row for 22 years, is currently imprisoned in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail.According to official records, Singh was arrested while crossing the Indo-Pak border in August 1990 near Kasur area. Nine days later, he was convicted for blasts in Lahore and Multan in 1990 that killed 14 people. Sarabjit was first given the death sentence by a Pakistani judge in 1991. Several appeals were rejected by different courts including the Supreme Court. Former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf had also rejected his mercy petition.Last month, he filed a fresh clemency appeal to Zardari, signed by 100,000 Indians, urging him to reciprocate the release of Dr Chishty. It was his fifth mercy petition. Attached to the petition were two letters addressed to the president from the chief cleric of Delhi's Jama Masjid, Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari, and caretaker of the shrine of Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, Syed Muhammad Yamin Hashmi.In the latest petition, Sarabjit maintained that his was a case of mistaken identity, since even the FIR was not registered in his name. \"I have spent 22 years in prison for a crime I have not committed,\" Singh said. The FIR had named one Manjeet Singh for carrying out four bomb blasts in Multan and Lahore, according to the petition.In his letter to the president, Bukhari said Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur had met him and provided 'vital evidence' which proved his innocence. \"Singh should be freed on humanitarian grounds, which will not only help in promoting goodwill between the two neighbours but will also result in promoting communal harmony among Sikhs, Hindus and Muslims of India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422277", "title": "Blood bank raided by FDA team", "text": "BHOPAL: Following complaints of irregularities, the food and drugs administration (FDA) raided Apran blood bank in the MP Nagar area, here on Tuesday evening. FDA officials confirmed that they had received reports of irregularities against the blood bank. According to the preliminary reports received, we have found anomalies and exact details will be made available once the final reports are compiled, said an FDA official.Arpan blood bank medical officer Dr NK Pehlajani said, \"The inspectors have seized expired ELISA kits and the hospital records.\"According to the officials of drug department, the blood banks refrigerator was not found to be functional and there were irregularities in record-keeping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14419726", "title": "Temple heists in a row worry Malda residents", "text": "MALDA: A robbery at a temple in Sadarghat has spread panic among the inhabitants of English Bazar. The incident comes four days after a Kali temple at Jhajhalia was looted and robbers decamped with jewellery worth Rs 1 lakh and cash. A complaint has been lodged at the English Bazar police station.The Ma Jagratamoyee's temple is located a few metres away from the house of the minister of women and social welfare Sabitri Mitra. Thus locals are all the more wary about the low key security in the area. The priest Sukdeb Halder was the first to discover the theft. When he reached the temple at 3.30am on Tuesday, he found the lock on the main gate broken and raised an alarm which drew the locals to the spot. All the gold ornaments on the deity were also missing.Halder observed that the lock on the door which leads inside the temple had not been broken. Police suspect a child - who can sneak through the narrow space in between the grilles - might have been used to steal the jewellery.\"Ornaments worth Rs 2 lakh, including a gold chain, ring, bangle etc, have been stolen,\" claimed Halder.Sources said the modus operandi was similar in both the robberies but police have not yet been able to make a breakthrough in the previous case. Police SP Jayanta Pal, however, asked the people not to panic. \"We have been able to nab several criminals in recent times. Police are on a vigil and we hope to arrest the robbers soon,\" assured Pal.The Tara Kali temple gate at Jhaljhalia beside the Divisional Railway Manager's office was found broken by the priest Basudeb Acharya. He alleged that around 8.30 pm he left the temple as usual with the gold ornament and cash box of the temple at their places. Next day was a special worship. So he came early in the morning. To his horror he found that the lock of the gate was broken. The ornaments of the deity worth more than Rs 1 lakh and the cash box were nowhere. Sensation was created and people began to search. Finally the open box was found near the railway track. Police were summoned but there was no breakthrough yet of the case.Within four days of the incident last night similar incident took place at Ma Jagratamoyee temple of Sadarghat, within meters of Minister of Women and Social Welfare Sabitri Mitra. Priest Sukdeb Halder informed that like other days he came to the temple around 3.30 am and found the lock was broken. The deity' gold jewelry was all stolen. Halder raised the alarm and the neighbours rushed in. It was found that although the lock outside the temple was broken, that within was intact. It is feared that a child might have been used for stealing who could enter inside through the narrow grill passage. Halder claimed, \"The ornament in the deity included the gold chain, ring, bangle et al which cost more than 2 lakh.\" A complaint was lodged to English Bazaar Police station.Police Super Jayanta Pal, however, said, \"There is nothing to be panicked. Police are alert and we have got number of success in nabbing criminals of late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14425701", "title": "One policeman killed, rail tracks blasted during Maoist bandh", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists on Wednesday fired on a patrolling party killing a policeman and blew up tracks disrupting rail service in Dhanbad district as the 24-hour Jharkhand bandh called by the banned CPI(Maoist) got underway in the state.The bandh which began at midnight is in protest against reported arrest of Maoist cadres in neighbouring Odisha.One policeman was killed and 15 others were injured when the Maoists opened fire on a patrolling party at Topchanchi near Grand Trunk road in Dhanbad district, about 210 km from here, divisional commander of the Railway Protection Force Shashi Kumar said.He said the injured were admitted to a hospital in Dhanbad.The rebels blasted railway tracks near Tetulmari in Dhanbad district, disrupting railway services for over six hours, he said and added the tracks were repaired around 7.30am.The Maoists also blew up the building of Hehegarha railway station and blasted a stretch of railway lines near the station in Latehar district, about 100 km from Ranchi, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14418930", "title": "Another anomaly in plot deals uncovered", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close on the heels of alleged irregularities in the allotment of plots by Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers' (TNGO) Association, comes a Vigilance and Enforcement (V&E;) department report blowing the lid off anomalies in the allotment of plots by the APNGO Association. The separate state agitation led to TNGO breaking out of APNGO and the original body now represents only the employees from Seemandhra region.The report has nailed APNGOA office-bearers, including president V Gopal Reddy and others, for the said irregularities.S Jaya Kameshwari, V&E; regional officer who headed the probe, has recommended action against the APNGO office-bearers and cancellation of plot allotments made by them. The report is to be sent to the state government for necessary action.Sources said that irregularities have been detected in the preparation of members' list, allotment of plots and in the move to reserve some of the plots for APNGOA leaders. Officials said large sums of money was collected from ineligible members in exchange for plot allotments.The Mutually Cooperative Society of APNGOA was allotted over 420 acres of land at Gachibowli by the state government in 1991. Of that, 160 acres was given to the TNGO Association, 38 acres to the AP Secretariat Employees' body and another 39 acres to the AP high court employees' group.The balance of about 190 acres was given to APNGOA. Although the allotment was made in 1991, the plots could not be handed over before 2007 as there were outstanding issues which needed to be resolved first. While the association has about 7,000 members, only 1,644 plots were handed out with the size ranging from 100sq.yards to 270sq.yards.Although there were several issues involving APNGOA and rival employees' associations, V&E; confined its probe to irregularities committed by the former.Official sources said that the main finding was that APNGOA had allotted plots through a lucky dip only to clear the way clear for its members. The luck of the draw system meant that many senior members and employees missed out on a plot in the layout with most juniors and probationary employees landing an allotment.The probe revealed that in order to ensure that it was their own group which got the plots in the lucky draw , double entries were made in the list.As per the society's by-laws, a member who has property in the city in either his or his family-members' name is not eligible for a plot allotment. However, more than half the members who won plots have got property in the city. Some of the members had even taken home loans from the society before allotment of plots in the layout. \"Surprisingly, there are several cases where both wife and husband are members of the society who have managed to land plots separately in the lucky draw,\" an official of the V&E; said.Although V&E; received complaints on the said irregularities in 2009 itself, it could not go ahead with a probe due to various pressures and political factors. Finally, the probe was taken up after the new DG of V&E; took charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "14421512", "title": "Mining dispute: Partial relief for IRE after CM intervenes", "text": "Kollam: The three-month-old labour dispute between the mining workers and Indian Rare Earths limited (IRE) management was resolved in a meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy in Thiruvananthapuram on Monday.The crisis was resolved following the intervention of the chief minister, labour minister Shibu Baby John and industries minister P K Kunhalikutty.The leaders of various unions also took part in the meeting.According to minister Shibu Baby John, the meeting arrived at a decision to provide 245 days of work for the mining workers in the Ponmana and Vellanathuruthu sectors. The meeting also decided to pay the pending wages of the workers during the transportation strike some months ago.\"Since the dispute has been resolved, the mining works at these sectors would resume on Wednesday,\" said VGK Prasad, unit head, IRE.He added that minister Shibu Baby John has taken the extra initiative to resolve the problem, as the production at the unit stands threatened following the stopping of mining. This has resulted to a complete stoppage of production activities in the company for the past few months.Meanwhile, strike at Karithura continues as members of the Karithura Pradesika Samrakshana Samithy have alleged that the meeting failed to discuss the problems faced by them.They also said that the labour minister and the management did not take any initiative to invite the leaders of the Samithy for the meeting on Monday.The minister however, said the dispute at the Karithura was of a different kind.It is not a labour dispute as seen in other sectors and the issue would be resolved soon as it was related with the land acquisition and the revival of the rehabilitation package.The meeting arrived at a decision to provide 245 days of work for the mining workers in the Ponmana and Vellanathuruthu sectorsSince the dispute has been resolved, the mining works at these sectors would resume on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14424851", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee says tough decisions taken in interest of people", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee, who resigned as the finance minister on Tuesday to contest for the post of President as a Congress nominee, sought to justify some of his tough and contentious decisions saying that they were taken in the interest of people.\"I know that not every decision which I have taken might have been right. But I have taken those decisions keeping in view the interest of the people whose faces appeared before me more than often,\" Pranab Mukherjee said before demitting his office in North Block.After a three-year tenure, Mukherjee demits office at a time when investors have hit a sour note on India due to a number of controversial policies like GAAR and retrospective amendment to tax laws. His leaving office is also marked by yawning current account deficit, rupee at all-time low and a plummeting economic growth rate.His tenure also coincided with the world economic crisis in 2008 and again the renewed prospects of a slowdown in 2012.Pranab Mukherjee, who received both bouquet and brickbats for his decisions, said criticism and appreciation reminded him of his duties.\"Members of the media, friends like you, have always reminded me my responsibility most of time through your criticism, sometimes through your appreciation, what I should do as a representative of the people,\" he said.\"I hope these duties you will continue so long I am in public life,\" he said.Pranab Mukherjee tendered his resignation to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and would now campaign for the presidential polls scheduled on July 19. The 77-year old leader will file his nomination for the highest post in the country on June 28.As a finance minister he had to steer the economy out of the crisis and also brought in new taxation proposals, including retrospective amendment and introduction of General Anti Avoidance Rules (GAAR), which have generated wide spread criticism and concerns of slowing foreign investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419298", "title": "Iron frame crushes woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman returning home to attend the last rites of her father-in-law on Tuesday was killed when a railway boom supporter fell upon her at a railway crossing near the Nangloi station. Her parents and two children, who were accompanying her, were not hurt.Witnesses said the accident happened around 9.15am when a railway contractor's crane reversed into the supporter at crossing 11C, and brought it down upon Taruna, 27. \"The Sultanpuri police have booked the contractor and his driver for negligence and causing danger using machinery. The driver fled after being beaten up by locals, and is yet to be arrested,\" said DCP (Outer Delhi) BS Jaiswal.Kiran, a relative, said Taruna was visiting her sister in Bathinda but had to rush back after her father-in-law passed away on Monday night. She left at 4am on Tuesday to fetch her parents from Patel Nagar, accompanied by her children \u2014 a girl aged nine and a boy aged six. The family travelled by the Metro to Nangloi and was headed for the F Block of Sultanpuri.\"They crossed the railway crossing on the Delhi-Bathinda track when the crane reversing from the Sultanpuri side hit the central boom supporter. It fell on Taruna. She was declared dead later at the hospital,\" said Mohammad Sikandar, a witness.Taruna's daughter told TOI: \"I was with mother, and my brother was walking a step behind us along with our grandparents. Suddenly, the crane reversed and the rod cracked and fell on my mother\".\"We now have a double tragedy in the family. How will these children bear the loss?\" said Kiran. Taruna's husband Sanjeev Kumar Tahim is a driver.Railway authorities admitted that the rogue crane is owned by one of their contractors but blamed the tragedy on Taruna's mistake. \"We shut this crossing last July, as the MCD, with our support, is building a pair of under- and over-bridges there to connect Sultanpuri with Nangloi. There are signs warning the public to use crossing 12A just a few metres ahead. The fact is, she was trespassing,\" said a Northern Railway spokesperson. He also said the crane was not reversing, rather the girder slipped off it.YS Mann, director, press and information, North Delhi Municipal Corporation, said, \"The construction work was not happening in our right of way. The contractor was not hired by the corporation\".Angry residents set the crane on fire before police intervened and brought the situation under control. Sources said more than 5,000 people from four blocks of Sultanpuri use this railway crossing daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14422113", "title": "Toppers too need lessons on failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Our education system doesn't teach students to deal with failure. That, experts say, is its biggest shortcoming. With college cut-offs reaching 100%, a 99% too can be depressing because it doesn't guarantee admission to your dream college. Students who don't pass aren't the only ones ill-equipped for failure.Truth is those who notch up astronomical scores are often worse off in dealing with failure later in life. It's impossible to be successful at everything one does in life. This lesson is completely missing from our school curriculum, Shyam Menon, director of Ambedkar University, Delhi, says.\"A student assured of 99% and 100% through school may have an inflated image of his performance and abilities. He may continue to expect cent per cent from life. Such students may not be able to accept a more realistic understanding of where they stand,\" feels B N Gangadhar, professor of psychiatry at the National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences, Bangalore. Gangadhar believes one way to get around the problem could be to replace absolute marks with percentiles, which are a better indicator of a student's abilities.Vinod Raina, member, Central Advisory Board of Education, says when these super-high scorers face exams that are tougher and assessed more scientifically, the experience can be traumatic. Near-100 marks can actually make students arrogant and ingrain in them a false impression that they know all there is to know about a subject, Professor Anita Rampal, Faculty of Education, DU, says.\"Counselling seldom happens in most educational institutions. Or rather, they've the equivalent of negative counselling where children are constantly told they must succeed. One needs to be realistic and tell kids while it's good if they do well, it's also fine if they don't,'' says Nilesh Nimkar, director of QUEST, an NGO that provides education to rural Maharashtra.This flaw in the education system isn't peculiar to India. The New York Times quotes Dominic Randolph, principal of Riverdale Country School, an elite NY institution, saying: \"People who have an easy time of things, who get 800s on their SATs, I worry that those people get feedback that everything they're doing is great. And as a result, we are setting them up for long-term failure. When that person suddenly has to face a difficult moment, I think they're screwed. I don't think they've grown the capacities to be able to handle that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427073", "title": "New academic session commences at XLRI Jamshedpur", "text": "XLRI Jamshedpur has announced the commencement of its new academic session 2012-13. A total of 360 students drawn from the three flagship programmes \u2014 Business Management (BM), Human Resource Management (HRM) and one-year General Management Programme (GMP) \u2014 have joined XLRI. Students of the new batch are from diverse academic streams and varied professional backgrounds. Students have enrolled themselves in six Fellow Programme in Management (FPM) and 24 Executive Fellow Programme in Management (EFPM).Freshers from BM, HRM and GMP will take part in a Special Orientation Programme, which has been outlined to refresh their knowledge base before commencement of regular classes. One of the features in the first term will be the Village Exposure Programme and the Outbound Programme. Both the programmes have been drawn up to sensitise students so that they are able to adapt to day-to-day life in rural India, while inculcating values of team spirit, solidarity and empathy for the underprivileged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14421065", "title": "Jharkhand assembly Speaker asks police to act tough against anti-socials", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh on Tuesday asked police to take action against anti-social elements if they want to give residents a crime free-environment.Taking note of the rising crime graph in Jharkhand, Singh said it seemed criminals did not fear police these days. The time has come when police should take severe action against the criminals if they have regards for the residents, he said. \"The fear of police among criminals should not diminish. Police should keep unsparing attitude towards criminals,\" said Singh. He arrived here to participate in the inaugural programme of a private transport company at Balidih area.The speaker said he was proud for being a cadre of the RSS. \"I can proudly say that despite being banned several times, the RSS is growing day by day because it is a nationalist organization,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420839", "title": "Jharkhand HC notice to govt on doctors' strike", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand high court judge Justice Alok Singh on Tuesday sent notices to government of India, Jharkhand chief secretary, health secretary, and RIMS director and asked them why licences of doctors should not be cancelled. Taking suo moto notice of the doctors strike on Monday, the judge asked the state health secretary to furnish details of how many abstained from work on Monday and how many deaths occurred due to it. The next hearing is scheduled for July 12.Over 8,000 doctors abstained from work on Monday as part of a nation-wide strike. Apart from few extremely critical patients, the doctors did not attend to any other patients.All doctors have returned to work on Tuesday and examined patients in the out patient departments (OPDs) in RIMS, Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Medical College and Hospital (MGM hospital) in Jamshedpur and Patliputra Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) in Dhanbad. Some of the pending surgeries were also carried out at RIMS, sources said.IMA Jharkhand chapter secretary Sekhar Chaudhary said, \"Medical service has been restored and things are running smoothly. The strike was just a symbolic one through which we wanted to attract the government attention.\" At city's Apollo Hospital, patients were treated as usual. \"All the pending surgeries which were slated to take place have taken place. Things are normal,\" said hospital director Shahid Ansari. City's Curie Abdur Razzaque Ansari Cancer Institute also performed pending cancer operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14419287", "title": "Want to hug him: Sarabjit\u2019s daughter", "text": "ISLAMABAD: \"I want to thank the Indian and Pakistan governments for their efforts. We want to hug him for a long time. Then we will go to a gurdwara,\" an emotional Swapandeep Kaur said on news that her father was to be released.Laddoos were in abundance in the Singh household in Amritsar on Tuesday as celebrations broke out over a moment the family of the 49-year-old death convict 50km away across the Wagah border has been dreaming about for 22 years.\"Sarabjit Singh's death sentence had been converted to life imprisonment by the President and the Indian prisoner has completed his sentence,\" Pakistani law minister Farooq Naek said. Singh, who had been on death row for 22 years, is currently imprisoned in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail.In the latest petition, Sarabjit maintained that his was a case of mistaken identity, since even the FIR was not registered in his name. \"I have spent 22 years in prison for a crime I have not committed,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14421234", "title": "Rationalisation of posts hits Magadh University hard", "text": "GAYA: The state government's decision to abolish nearly 1,700 existing posts of college and university teachers has hit the Magadh University the hardest as nearly 900 of these posts are from the MU alone. According to an education department notification dated June 14, 2012, the number of sanctioned posts in the post graduate (PG) departments and the colleges under MU was 3,080.As per Monday's cabinet decision, the number of sanctioned posts in MU has now come down to 2,187. However, the college-wise break up of sanctioned posts after the ratification of the rationalization process has not yet been communicated to the university.The rationalization process, it may be recalled, was initiated about five years back by the then OSD to the Chancellor Krishna Kumar to correct the apparent imbalance in the teacher-taught ratio, following changes in the preferences of students and such changes made several subjects, particularly classical languages like Pali, Sanskrit and Persian lose popularity among the students.The total number of Pali teachers, as per Krishna Kumar's finding in MU was 40 and only 17 students were enrolled with the teacher student ration being 2.35: 1 in favour of students. Not only that six teachers were found working in Bangla language and literature and not a single student was there to study Bangla. The 40 Pali teachers were spread over nearly one-and-half-a-dozen constituent colleges and the MU PG department.MU officiating VC Arun Kumar was not available for his reaction on the rationalization decision as he was reportedly busy with a pre-scheduled meeting of the university Syndicate. CP Singh, former president of the MU teachers Association, said that he was not aware of the formula on which the rationalisation decision has been taken and as such he was not in a position to say anything in the matter.FUSTAB President Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha said the federation had some reservations about the rationalization process as the number of students in a particular subject can not be the sole determinant of the requirement of teachers. Profit loss approach does not suit educational institutions. There may be subjects in which the number of students was not very high, nevertheless these subjects were necessary to keep alive scholastic ideas and such subject's indirect contribution to society and its thought process was immense. Moreover, the number of students in a particular subject in a particular institution keeps on changing and it would be wrong to assess the requirement on the basis of number of students during a given period of time, said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419300", "title": "Goa catering college likely to begin soon", "text": "PANAJI: Come 2013, Goa may have an operational catering and food technology institute. If the tourism department has its way, that is. The state has been allotted 14 crore by the Union government to set up the college.\"It will come up next to the Farmagudi ITI,\" said tourism director Swapnil Naik. \"The project is being handled by the project cell of the tourism department and plans for the structure have already been drawn and sent to the Bandora panchayat for its approval. Once the plans are approved, we will call for tenders to construct the college.\"Goa had been sanctioned the institute after pursuing the matter for a long time with central government authorities. The Institute of Hotel Management ( IHM) in Porvorim does not see too many Goan students owing to a national entrance exam. Most Goan students then have to make do with the institute's one-year certificate course.\"We will possibly start the college from the next academic year at another premises and shift it to its permanent campus once the structure is ready,\" Naik said. He said that of the 14 crore sanctioned by the central government for the institute, 12 crore is for construction of the college building and 2 crore for the recruitment of staff.State officials had argued with central authorities that Goan students find it tough to get into the national institute at Porvorim and even when students qualify, it is in small numbers as against the huge demand for the degree course in hotel management in Goa.The contention was that Goans have traditionally shown a preference for the hotel line and the demand in Goa is huge as youngsters want to carry on the tradition of working in cruise liners and hotels abroad.Goa's special request to the centre was finally accepted last year, but the state had not made much progress in establishing the new college so far.A number of unrecognized hotel management and food technology institutes have mushroomed around the state to cash in on the huge demand for a degree course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422322", "title": "Police crack Rs 1 crore theft case", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police claimed to have cracked Rs 1 crore theft case with the arrest of seven accused here on Tuesday. The theft took place around four months back in Mhow. The police arrested all the accused from Manpur when they were trying to target a petrol pump for the same purpose.On February 29, the gang had attacked the house of a businessman Nilesh Shah and escaped with 1.3 kg gold, Rs 23 lakh in cash and some silver utensils.Acting on a tip off that some people are planning to loot a petrol pump, the police cordoned off the area and arrested seven, including a woman. The police also seized gold worth Rs 30 lakh from their possession.ASP, rural, Padmavilochan Shukla named the arrested accused as Gulab, Rupal, Rumal Singh, Noor Singh, Nilesh, Pawan Maratha, Kshibribai.During the interrogation, the accused reportedly confessed about their involvement in theft case in Mhow area around four months ago.The chief of the gang Sohan Bheel has been already arrested from Burhanpur while he was trying to escape from the state after the Mhow incident. His group, however, was still active. Bheel is a history-sheeter and is booked in around 18 different cases including attacking on police personnel.According to Shukla, the group has confessed that it was involved in around 250 cases in Malwa mill area. They have also committed similar crimes in other states including Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420801", "title": "Salary protest mars Birsa Agricultural University foundation day festival", "text": "RANCHI: The foundation day celebrations at Birsa Agricultural University (BAU) on Tuesday were marred by protests by employees who have not been getting heir salaries for the past 13 months.\"It has been 13 months since we were not paid salaries and it's difficult to survive without any income. When we were casual workers, we used to get wages but as soon as we became permanent in 2011 we have not received our salaries,\" said Faiyaz Ahmed, an employee who participated in the demonstration.M P Pandey, the BAU vice-chancellor, however, sought to downplay the matter. \"This is a different matter of 147 employees which is going on for long and needs to be solved. Even many people at the higher level are surviving without salary,\" he said.The university is also grappling with the problem of teachers' appointment. \"For the last six years, there has been no appointment of teachers. There are 235 sanctioned posts of which 171 posts are vacant. The Veterinary Council of India has threatened to derecognize the university if the posts are not filled,\" said S K Singh, dean, Ranchi Veterinary College. He said clearance of roster, which clarifies on appointments of SC, ST employees, had not been done. \"When there are no faculty members, how will colleges function. Many professors are going to retire. At present, there are 30 professors in veterinary department.\"Vice-chancellor Pandey said at the undergraduate level 92 posts were sanctioned of which 29 were filled. \"So there is a problem of manpower.\" He said at least Rs 7.5 to 8 crore was spent on labour wages. \"We don't get any money from the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14418982", "title": "Farmer attempts suicide at Raj Bhavan", "text": "HYDERABAD: A farmer, who tried to commit suicide in front of Raj Bhavan, was arrested by Punjagutta police on Tuesday. Radha Krishna, 40, a farmer from Miryalguda arrived in the city on Tuesday afternoon. At around 4 pm, he reached Raj Bhavan and tried to immolate himself. The policemen posted there immediately pinned him down and shifted him to Punjagutta police station.Police found a suicide note in his shirt pocket which said that he decided to commit suicide to protest against injustice in society.Radha Krishna told the cops that he was being harassed by the market committee of Miryalguda. \"Radha said that the Miryalguda market committee had been issuing notices to him to pay Rs 7 lakh. Since he works at the market committee, we suspect the issue is about the commission he was supposed to pay to the committee,\" Punjagutta ACP D Venkata Narasaiah said. Police booked an attempt to suicide case against Radha Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14422581", "title": "Free medicine plan flops, blame game on", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The failure of the project to supply medicines free of cost to bedridden patients in the district has triggered a war of words between the district panchayat and the district medical office.While district panchayat president K Jameela blamed the district medical office for the lapse of funds to the tune of Rs 4.5 lakh to buy medicines during 2009-10 and Rs 7 lakh in 2010-11 under the scheme, the DMO put the blame on the panchayat for not following the government guidelines while implementing the project.Jameela said that she will write a letter to health minister Adoor Prakash and minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer seeking action against the erring district medical officer.DMO is the implementing officer of the project. The project that was launched in 2009-10 was meant to ensure free supply of medicines for the paralyzed and bedridden patients suffering. The panchayat had formed a team that includes pain and palliative care volunteers and non-government organizations as part of the project.But the DMO failed to utilize fund earmarked by the district panchayat. \"DMO has been citing the absence of pharmacists as the reason for non-distribution of medicines. We are not satisfied with the reply,\" said Jameela.Meanwhile, MK Appunny, additional DMO, said the district panchayat had entrusted a private agency for the project implementation without following the government guidelines.\"The private agency doesn't have pharmacists and that prevented the DMO from supplying medicine,\" he said.He said an alternative arrangement has been made at the Chevayur Leprosy Hospital to distribute medicines with the help of a pharmacist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418275", "title": "Foreign envoys invited for an evening with mangoes", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to promote the Dusseri variety of Malihabadi mangoes in foreign countries, the Mango Growers Association of India (MGAI) would organise a programme here on June 30. Ambassadors of different countries have been invited to the programme 'Ek shaam Malihabadi Dusseri ke naam', MGAI president Insram Ali and former MLC Siraj Mehndi told reporters on Monday.The ambassadors of Ukraine, Bulgaria, Vietnam , South Africa , Sri Lanka, Uzbekistan, UAE, Islamic Republic of Iran , Tajakistan, high commissioner of Fiji , consul general of the Comoros, Eritrea, Suriname, Republic of Malawi and Lebanon will be participating. \"Presently UP mango exports are only limited to Doha Japan, Dubai , Singapore and Saudi Arabia ,\" said Ali.\"During the programme Dusseri mangoes would be gifted to the ambassadors and they would be requested to promote the fruit in their respective countries,\" Mehndi said, adding that a discussion would also be held on the mango variety's development.Mehndi said that famous poets including Munawwar Rana, Manjar Bhopali, Naseem Nighat, Suman Dubey, Raees Ansari and Haider Baksh, have also been invited. They will be singing poetry and ghazals on mangoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418460", "title": "Regeneration scam rocks state forest department", "text": "NAGPUR: Natural and artificial regeneration of forests is forest department's biggest priority but for officials it has become a money generation activity!A major scam involving regeneration funds that may well run into crores if probe is conducted in all forest circles in the state has surfaced. For now, the scam runs into lakhs of rupees. The irregularities pertain to tending and regeneration, cleaning of coupes and cut back operations (CBO) carried out in 2011-12 in Nagpur Circle comprising Gondia, Nagpur, Bhandara and Wardha.The government allocates huge funds for these activities under the 'Exploitation by Government Agency ( EGA) head.' These activities in Nagpur Circle were in violation of working plan prescriptions resulting in fake expenditure. The range forest officers (RFOs) showed works that were not carried out and misappropriated huge sums.Principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi said an immediate probe by APCCF level officers has been ordered. \"As soon as responsibility is fixed, the guilty will be punished. It is a serious issue,\" he told TOI.The three-member committee headed by additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for working plan ASK Sinha, APCCF (budget &amp; development) Shree Bhagwan, and divisional forest officer (DFO) for vigilance P D Masram visited Gondia on Tuesday to probe the issue.The committee will be assisted by chief conservator of forests (CCF) for working plan T K Choube and CCF for Nagpur Circle S H Patil. Interestingly, the officer who exposed the scam has been kept out of the panel.On this, Pardeshi says as enquiry was conducted by CCF level officer earlier and responsibility of another CCF with Nagpur is involved, very senior officers have been asked to conduct probe. CCF C R Gajbhiye, during whose tenure the scam occurred, has already retired on May 31.\"The committee will visit all sites and do digital photography of all works, and probe into any deviation and fix responsibility thereof,\" Pardeshi said.The scam came to fore during working plan CCF's inspection of Sadak Arjuni and Arjuni Morgaon ranges in Gondia and Kuhi range in Nagpur and Jamkandri, Paoni and Lendezari ranges in Bhandara. He had submitted a report to the principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) for production and management S K Khetarpal on May 23.Reports state that Rs 1.25 lakh was charged for tending of natural regeneration (NR) for 50 hectares in compartment number 1569 of Sadak Arjuni (Gondia) without the work being actually carried out. NR activities should be done in areas having at least 400 seed-based natural seedlings per hectare, that too just after rains and not in the month of January as shown.Besides, under NR, all seed origin seedlings and saplings of valuable species, more than 60 centimetres in height, are supposed to be nursed as future crop. Such areas having promising NR should have been identified and marked on the treatment map before executing actual work.However, the methodology was not followed and without making any record, amount was misappropriated by making false entries in the measurement books (MBs). Senior officers did not even inspect these works and remained silent on irregularities even after a report was sent to them.It was found that cleaning in coupes was not done in compartment nos. 268 and 269 of Arjuni Morgaon but Rs 2.50 lakh was charged for it. The works for which money was charged was not required and also not approved by the competent authority.In another case, in the name of cut back operations (CBO), Rs 25,000 was charged in compartment No. 253. CBO works are required to be done next year of main felling to harvest any left out or damaged trees. However, the area did not have a single left out or damaged tree. Documents have been fabricated to misappropriate funds, the report said.At one site in Sadak Arjuni, Rs 6 lakh was embezzled for artificial regeneration by digging undersized pits for bamboo plantation. The plantation was much less than the number shown in records. The site is also not suitable for bamboo. No record such as treatment maps, grid and baselines etc was maintained before undertaking the works.Works related to demarcation of boundary and fire line cutting have been shown to be carried out even in sensitive ranges like Chichgad, Salekasa, North Deori, South Deori and Navegaonbandh, but no other works of forestry of any nature are done here due to Naxal presence.Such financial irregularities in similar works were observed in Nagpur and Bhandara divisions.In Nagpur's Kuhi range in compartment No 362, NR operation, cleaning of old stumps, cutting of climbers have been recorded but works were not executed. Over Rs 1.20 lakh was charged for these works. In compartment no. 449 the situation was same. In compartment no. 444, Rs 84,000 was charged for cleaning teak plantation again without doing any work.Acting on the report, PCCF (production &amp; management) S K Khetarpal wrote to the government and PCCF A K Joshi on May 25 but no action was taken.He again wrote on June 8 demanding a probe after which Pardeshi swung into action.It is apprehended that such serious irregularities in implementation of working plan may be going on in other circles too and they need to be investigated by all territorial CCFs as expenditure on them runs into crores of rupees.On Tuesday, three-member committee visited Gondia and Bhandara divisions. On Wednesday, it is slated to tour Nagpur and Wardha divisions. The committee has been asked to submit report in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14422158", "title": "Go vocational, build capacity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irrespective of the inflation of Class XII marks, there aren't enough seats for students fighting for a Delhi University (DU) college seat.In Delhi region alone, the number of students taking CBSE's Class XII exam shot up to 2,34,653 in 2012 from 2,05,384 two years ago. Year on year, the board's number of all-India candidates taking the school-leaving exams has grown 10%. Would it help if the government gave a determined push to the vocational education sector? How could infrastructure be cranked up to soak up this deluge of vying for college seats?As things stand now, the numbers simply don't add up. In the national capital region alone, 85% of students cleared the boards this year. In absolute numbers, this is 2,00,393 candidates. DU has 54,000 seats. Other than an increase in seats following implementation of the OBC quota in 2009, college seats have remained constant.CBSE chairmen, present and past, attribute this demand-supply mismatch to the step-motherly treatment given to vocational education. \"There aren't enough good colleges. Demand far outstrips supply. CBSE alone has 80,000-90,000 students added every year,\" board chief Vineet Joshi says. \"There are two aspects: We must have more colleges. Second, we must improve and upgrade state university colleges,\" adds Joshi's predecessor Ashok K Ganguly.Experts believe policy botch-ups have resulted in the mess. \"By the end of the 11th Plan, just around 40% of the outlay on education has been utilized. Barring a few IITs, IIMs and public-private initiatives, primarily for commercialization of education, nothing has been done for the 500-odd existing government-run universities, government-run schools and 2,000-odd colleges,\" says educationist Anil Sadgopal. \"There've been no efforts in improving government-run institutions and creating capacity even though funds have gone unutilized.\"\"We've not focused on vocational education. I hope the National Vocational Educational Qualification Framework is implemented in right earnest. More colleges need to be created. No government has tried to allocate 6% of GDP to education so far,\" former NCERT director J S Rajput says. Aimed at giving 5million students vocational degrees and diploma annually, HRD ministry launched the National Vocational Educational Qualification Framework this March. These vocational programmes will be offered from academic session 2012-13 across educational institutions under the All India Council for Technical Education.These vocational programmes will start from Class IX identified as level one and go up to level VII. On completion of these levels, students will get degrees. The courses will deal with IT, media, entertainment, telecom, mobile communications, automobile, construction, retail, food processing, tourism, jewellery design and fashion design and others.\"It is high time we made vocational education desirable. Why should all students feel the need to come to Delhi or to other big cities? In order improve the acceptance of these vocational education course established institutions like DU and the IITs should offer them,\" said principal of Gargi College, Meera Ramachandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421904", "title": "Experts slam free healthcare scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's freehealthcare scheme, the Rajiv Gandhi Arogya Yojana, has come in for criticism from public health experts even before it becomes fully operational. Jan Arogya Abhiyan (JAA), an umbrella outfit of health NGOs, on Tuesday announced that they would submit a memorandum to the government soon.The scheme promises cashless hospitalization in over 60 public and private hospitals for 972 procedures for families with an annual income of less than Rs 1 lakh. The scheme has been launched in 8 districts, including Mumbai. Anant Phadke from NGO Sathi said it is a copy of the much criticized scheme in Andhra Pradesh; a review had revealed that procedures such as hysterectomy were undertaken without medical need. Secondly, JAA wants equal financial allocation for primary and secondary healthcare system. They also want the government to regulate the private sector before handing out money for procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "14420286", "title": "Shock defeat by Zimbabwe not a failure: Kirsten", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: The shock defeat of South Africa at the hands of minnows Zimbabwe was not a failure, according to coach Gary Kirsten.As fans expressed disappointment and surprise after three embarrassing losses in the unofficial tri-nation T20 series in Zimbabwe that also featured Bangladesh, Kirsten said they had accomplished what they had set out to do.\"It certainly wasn't a failure - it was a very important tour from our perspective, Kirsten told the 'The New Age'.\"The purpose of the tour was that we would go there and try out different combinations under match intensity and I think we were able to achieve that.\"Kirsten said that the goal had not been to win the tournament, as they would then have taken a full-strength team to Zimbabwe.\"Six of the top T20 players were left behind to get some rest after their participation in the recent Indian Premier League before they leave for Switzerland to prepare for the coming English tour.\"I think some guys came through nicely, so for us it was good to give them that opportunity,\" Kirsten said.Hashim Amla, who took over the captaincy in the absence of AB de Villiers, said it has been a good experience which had added value to his leadership role in the Proteas squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419288", "title": "Government boost to groundnut seed production", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has started a special programme for groundnut cultivation in the state wherein groundnut seeds have been supplied to some farmers in Pernem, Mapusa and Bicholim free of cost.Agriculture director Satish Tendulkar said that this has been done for the production of quality groundnut seed in the state. The groundnut seed to be produced at the end of this khareef season will be made available to farmers cultivating groundnut in the rabbi season.The reason behind this exercise is that groundnut seed is difficult to procure on time and in the required quantities. So the exercise of producing the seed will help the state to generate and meet its requirement for the rabbi season, Tendulkar said.He also said that for the cultivation of cashew and other fruit crops like mango, chickoo, etc, the agriculture department has sufficient quantity of planting material like grafts.All this will be provided to farmers through the 11 zonal agriculture offices all over Goa. Cultivation of these fruit trees will be subsidized to the extent of 75% of the cost of cultivation.Tendulkar said all zonal agriculture offices have taken up programmes for farmers in various village panchayats to raise awareness of the department's developmental schemes such as subsidies, incentives, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419213", "title": "Senior cops transferred around Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Tuesday reshuffled several superintendents of police, posting an IPS cadre officer O P Mishra as SP (crime). Allen de Sa will be the new SP of South Goa, replacing Arvind Gawas, who will be at the headquarters.In an order issued on Tuesday, the government transferred Mangaldas Dessai from the post of SP (crime) and made him deputy commandant of home guards with additional charge of SP ( economic offences cell). After many years, crime, an important post, will be occupied by an IPS officer.Shekhar Prabhudesai will now be in charge of the coastal police (in place of de Sa). SP Waman Tari has been asked to report to the personnel department for his posting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419763", "title": "Maharashtra orders safety audit of public buildings", "text": "PUNE: In the wake of a fire at the Mantralaya, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Tuesday ordered structural, fire and electricity audits at all government and civic establishments in the city.\"The government has many important offices in Pune like the agriculture and co-operative departments, commissioner's offices, education department offices and other establishments. Also the Pune municipal corporation has its administrative building in the city. I have ordered structural, fire and electricity audits of all these establishments in the next two months,\" said Pawar while speaking to reporters following a meeting with government and civic officials at the Council Hall on Tuesday.Pawar said the state government has authorized 13 companies to conduct fire audits and no other audit report would be accepted.\"The city has 96 buildings owned by the public works department. Of these, 25 are more than 40 years old. We have asked for an immediate structural audit of 16 buildings by July 15. These buildings include the Central administrative building, Sassoon hospital, B J medical college, Yerawada jail the police commissioner's office and others,\" said Pawar. He further said that seven special squads will conduct the audits.Pawar also ordered the district administration to put together files destroyed in the fire at Mantralaya on last Thursday and send them to various departments within 15 days. He asked all government offices to prepare a lists of files and cases that were referred to the Mantralaya and were destroyed in the blaze.\"No charges will be imposed for submission of documents,\" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419164", "title": "Speeding truck kills 2 in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men were crushed to death while one suffered severe injuries after being hit by a speeding truck in RK Puram of south Delhi. The truck driver has been arrested.The deceased Mohammad Khalid (37) and Suraj Kumar (20) worked as vendors in south Delhi. The victims were sleeping on a footpath on Monday night when the driver of the speeding truck lost control and got onto the footpath, hitting the trio. The truck then turned turtle.One of the injured managed to dial 100, following which cops took them to AIIMS. The bodies have been sent for autopsy and cops are tracing their family, said a hospital source. Randeep is still under treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418626", "title": "Several rounded up over robbery in Aheri", "text": "NAGPUR: Aheri police have rounded up some suspects for having robbed a chili powder merchant at Lagam village in Mulchera taluka on June 13. The suspects had robbed Ravindra Nilluri, a native of Andhra Pradesh , at gunpoint. The miscreants had decamped with cash Rs 36,700 and gold valuables from the merchant.In the backdrop of Naxal violence at Aheri, the latest incident of robbery had raised a doubt whether the rebels were behind the case. Police have denied the suspects have any link with Naxal activities. In the preliminary investigation, the doubt that the robbers posed as Naxals to loot tribals has also been eliminated.Senior police inspector Anil Dadgujar of Aheri police station said that the roles of the suspects in the robbery are being verified. \"We are still grilling the suspects but decision about their arrest is yet to be taken. Police already have the names of other culprits whom we are trying to trace,\" said the senior PI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419141", "title": "From Bastora to the Mapusa hillock, St Xavier's strikes gold", "text": "PANAJI: When an institution evolves from its humble beginnings into a veritable beacon of light in the community, it is a cause for genuine jubilation.Founded by the archdiocese of Goa and Daman in June 1963, St Xavier's college has arrived at the threshold of its golden jubilee.This institution, driven primarily by its motto, 'In Virtute et Scientia' (In Virtue and Knowledge), was destined to achieve greater heights. And so it has!St Xavier's college began its mission of education in the premises of the Franselian Institute at Bastora.As its founders envisioned wider horizons for their ambitious dream, the college was moved to higher grounds...its current panoramic 4,000 sq m campus in Mapusa, in 1968. Having served initially as an Arts and Science college, it soon responded to the growing need for a commerce stream in 1994 and, since then, has continued to add on a host of courses including management, mass communication and videography, journalism , accountancy, computer education and others.As its student community burgeoned, the college offered post graduate courses in psychology, commerce and physical chemistry. The institution continued to grow in stature, earning accolades for its overall contribution to education: its quality of academic input, student care, infrastructure and placement opportunities.Awarded the status of 'College with Potential for Excellence' by the UGC and reaccredited by NAAC with an 'A' grade, Goa University bestowed upon it the status of 'Best College' in the state in 2011. Today, St Xavier's college is the alma mater of around 2,500 students from all over the country, as well as from other parts of Asia and Africa, and is proud of its 132 strong faculty. While education in the 21st century is being increasingly marked as a commercial service, the student in institutions of higher education is generally groomed to fit into this soulless, material world, which is often stripped of a social consciousness. There is a serious need for an educational institution to strive to foster universal human values, moral courage and self discipline, besides encouraging academic excellence and technical skills in the youth of this country.St Xavier's college has consistently endeavored to provide its students a holistic education through its numerous clubs and associations, the NCC and NSS, value education classes, guest lectures on various life skills, the mentee system, a professional counseling cell, well equipped computer laboratories, smart classrooms, a recording studio, enviable sports facilities and a library of around 60,000 books.The campus exudes an ambience conducive to learning and development. The strength of this institution lies not only in its excellent academic performance, but in the healthy synergy it shares with the students, parents and the larger community it serves.As St Xavier's prepares to celebrate 50 years of devoted service to society, we salute its founders, its past principals, retired faculty and administrative staff members and its alumni of the past 49 years who are well placed all over the country and the globe and serve as proud ambassadors of this college and living proof of the success of its mission.We flagged off the year-long celebrations with a firm pledge to lift our standards higher and always to serve society.(The writer is principal of St Xavier's college, Mapusa).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "14420101", "title": "No decision yet on universal application of DRS", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: The BCCI again had its say on the contentious Decision Review System after the ICC on Tuesday failed to reach a consensus over its universal application following India's opposition to the technology.The issue was discussed in the ICC's Executive Board meeting in Kuala Lumpur, but was not put to a vote despite perceived support from most of the full member nations.The BCCI on Monday stuck to its stand by objecting to the technology after the ICC's committee had recommended mandatory use of the DRS in Tests and one-dayers.According to a report, the issue was brought up but not discussed in the meeting, which was chaired by ICC president Sharad Pawar.With the DRS failing to achieve universal acceptance, the technology will continue to be used in a mutually agreed arrangement in bilateral series.The motion for universal application of DRS was put to the ICC Executive Board by its Chief Executive Committee. The CEC said it was satisfied with the improvements in technology in the fourth year of the DRS, which included new Hot Spot cameras and independent ball-tracking research.As far as other CEC recommendations were concerned, the ECB opposed the idea of cricket being included in the Olympic Games via the Twenty20 format.The Executive Board will meet again on Wednesday to settle issues regarding a constitutional amendment, the fourth in 16 years, to the process of appointing the ICC president, making the presidency an annual ceremonial term and creating a parallel and more powerful post of chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14421447", "title": "Farmers warn against land acquisition", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sene have warned the state government that proposed acquisition of 2.16 lakh acres of agricultural land for setting up industries will lead to food crisis in near future.Sene general secretary Badagalapura Nagend said the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) had already notified 40,000 of agrarian lands for acquisition and plans were afoot to acquire an additional 1.76 lakh acres for companies, which have signed memorandum of understanding with the state government at the Global Investor's Meet (GIM) to set up industries.Nagendra alleged that the acquisition of lands for the industrial purpose was a big real estate business and the KRRS had identified many cases of diverting agrarian lands acquired for industries diverted to other purpose. In Mysore and Hosur road such lands have been used to set up resorts, hotels, commercial complexes and even the residential apartments, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419154", "title": "'Escort services new form of prostitution'", "text": "PANAJI: A need for tackling human trafficking at the root with help from states where victims are sourced is required, felt the 'consultation of service providers from Goa and source states to combat human trafficking for commercial sexual exploitation in Goa', a seminar on human trafficking held at the secretariat hall in Porvorim.Addressing a session on 'Process of rescue in Goa and need for support of source state to prosecute traffickers', crime branch police inspector Sunita Sawant said \"Escort services is the new form of prostitution. Escorts give all sorts of 'comfort' to tourists.\"\"The escorts (who are usually victims of trafficking) come in batches from north east for 5-6 days...They are usually lured with jobs in the hotel industry,\" she added.Sawant felt, \"Transit and source state trafficking offenders need to be brought to book.\"Narrating the difficulties faced in convicting offenders, Sawant said in one instance the rescued girls fled from the protective home. Hence, they could not get them to testify in court and the offenders were subsequently acquitted.She narrated another instance wherein a Bangladeshi girl who was trafficked initially told officials she hailed from West Bengal. She revealed the truth to a counselor after three months, Sawant added. Police inspector Gurudas Kadam cited an incident in Anjuna where an Andhra Pradesh-based businessman was found dead after a conference where businessmen exploited trafficked girls in a hotel.The hotel did not maintain any record of the girls entering the premises nor the rooms used for the illicit activity. The hotel manager was also involved, he added.He said many times the victims do not cooperate and hence authorities need greater help from source states (from where victims are trafficked) to eradicate the problem of trafficking from the root.A counsellor at one of the state-run shelters where victims are rehabilitated said, \"The girls are traumatized. They want to go home... Sometimes, the victims become hostile.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14419758", "title": "Top Maoist leaders shifted to jail", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two top Maoist leaders were shifted to the central prison here after being produced before the magistrate at Narsipatnam. The Visakhapatnam police obtained the transit remand of Varanasi Subrahmanyam and Vijay Kumar Arya from a court in Katihar district in Bihar. They are facing charges in the Gunukurai conspiracy case which also names top Maoist leaders including Kobad Ghandy, Nalla Ravi Sarma and others.The Maoist leaders were produced at the Narsipatnam magistrate's court late on Monday night. Police maintained secrecy because of security problems. Varanasi Subrahmanyam (58), who hails from Prakasam district and Vijay Kumar Arya of Gaya in Bihar were arrested by the central intelligence agencies and the AP SIB along with some other Maoist leaders and sympathizers in Katihar district of Bihar on April 29 last year.The rebels had planned to wipe out a special party of 40 members of Greyhounds at Gunukurai in GK Veedhi mandal in May 2008. Their plot failed and the Maoist party lost four of its members. A Greyhounds cop died in the exchange of fire. Police registered cases against the top Maoist leaders, including Ganapati, for conspiring to eliminate the cops.Subrahmanyam, who is a member of the central committee since a decade, was secretary of north regional bureau and in charge of international affairs following the arrest of Kobad Ghandy. Vijay Kumar Arya is the all-India in charge of the sub-committees of mass organizations. Both AP and Bihar had announced a reward of Rs 12 lakh for each of them. Subrahmanyam had maintained relations with various left wing students and people's organization during his stay in Visakhapatnam in the early 80s, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418439", "title": "Staff union non-committal on support to passport melas", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ministry of external affairs may have found a remedy to clear passport backlog in 'passport melas', and the minister SM Krishna may have announced to hold this 'mela' this weekend too, but whether he will earn the support of passport employees is yet not clear. The All India Passport Employees' Association which is the only association of passport employees having representation from all the 37 passport offices in the country, is not in a mood to give in, though it pledges its support to the ministry for the public cause.\"We support the cause but anything on holding the passport mela this weekend as well can be said only after we hold a meeting and decide about it,\" said Venugopal, general secretary of the association.The 'passport melas' were held in seven centres, Delhi, Ghaziabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Lucknow and Amritsar, previous Saturday and Sunday. The ministry wants to repeat the show this weekend as well. The association has alleged that the authorities did not consult it before taking the decision on these 'melas'.The holiday season has increased the demand for passports and that has forced the ministry to organise the 'melas' to clear the backlog. However, office-bearers of the association are of the opinion that there is no backlog in issuing passports.\"The problem is in generating appointment for submission of passports,\" said the general secretary. The ministry has outsourced the submission of passport applications to TCS, by setting up Passport Seva Kendra (PSKs). There are 77 PSKs in the country.The applicant has to register online, fill and submit the application form, after which an Application Reference Number (ARN) is generated. The applicant then has to seek an appointment to submit the application. The association, however, said it would talk to authorities and decide about the 'passport mela' to be held this weekend. \"It is difficult for employees to work seven days a week,\" said Sudhir Tiwari, secretary, Lucknow unit of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421772", "title": "Chembur institution faces HC ire for defying RTE", "text": "MUMBAI: The Thane District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum , while ordering Billabong High International School to refund the advance fees paid by a student who later pulled out, said educational institutions must not indulge in such unfair practices. The forum cited a National Commission order , which said , \"We have also deprecated the practice of taking lumpsum fees for the whole duration of the course as unfair trade practice because no service provider can charge consideration in advancefor the service which it has yet to provide . By taking lumpsum fees, they bind the students to get coaching from the saidinstituteeven ithefinds it substandard at the cost of his career prospects .\"Reprimanding such institutions , the national panel had said they had become commercial shops . \"There cannot be a worst and unfair trade practice , and that too in the profession of education which is pious ,\" the commission had said .With Billabong not responding to the notices sent by it, the forum decided to pass an ex parte order . It went through the evidence , which included emails and payment receipts , andsaidit was pertinent to note that Santosh Pillai's daughter did not attend classes even for a day . \"Itis not /nor can be the case of the opponent school that the seat reserved for the complainant's daughter remained vacant for the said academic year , 2010,\" the forum said .It further pointed to an email reply sent by the school in June 2010 stating that the cafeteria , SPA and transport fees would be refunded to Pillai and he could collect his daughter's school essentials already purchased by it. \"In the instant case , on what basis the opponent school has made the statement is highly inconceivable , as even assuming for the sake of argument that the said essentials purchased can be given to the new enrolled pupil ,\" the forum said .Also, on the fact that the school had decided to refund about Rs 36,000, the forum said there was nothing on record to indicate that it had incurred losses due to the cancellation of admission . \"We are of the well considered view that retaining admission fees and other fees, etc in given facts &amp; circumstances would amount to holding the amount illegally and arbitrarily , which is unfair trade practice ,\" the forum observed .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422753", "title": "Keshubhai poised to quit BJP, float new party", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat chief minister Keshubhai Patel looks all set to bid goodbye to the BJP after working actively for the Sangh Parivar for 68 years.The 83-year-old is poised to either join the splinter Mahagujarat Janata Party, which comprises BJP rebels, or form a new outfit in which the MJP will eventually merge. Keshubhai's new outfit may not win a sizeable number of seats in the 182-man House but he could damage BJP in at least 25-30 seats.Acrucial meeting of anti-Narendra Modi elements has been called at his residence on Friday, though the announcement of parting of ways may not be made immediately. The development will have a significant bearing on the Gujarat assembly elections due in December 2012.There seems to be a tacit blessing from Modi detractors in New Delhi to Keshubhai's plans, given the signals he got during his meetings last week with L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh, Murli Manohar Joshi and Sanjay Joshi. Sources said while these leaders did not give any assurances to Keshubhai, they also did not dissuade him from carrying on a fight against Modi.The ex-CM has been whipping anti-Modi sentiments across various communities for the last few months and is throwing his net beyond the Patels. He is planning to tour the state and rope in regional leaders, intellectuals, retired bureaucrats , litterateurs and activists to fight Modi.\"Vajpayeeji once told Modi that he had failed to perform Rajdharma, I have to now perform my Prajadharma. I cannot let down people of Gujarat this time,\" he told TOI. He said he will take up issues of corruption, malpractices, over taxation , fake claims of development, investments and deteriorating law and order situation.On his meetings with central leaders, he said, \"They listened to me patiently but they all appeared to be speechless and helpless.\" He said some well-wishers gave him examples of Uma Bharati and Kalyan Singh who had to return to the party fold later. Patel said before deciding on his next move he would like to meet party president Nitin Gadkari.BJP dissidents like Suresh Mehta, Kashiram Rana, Nalin Bhatt, Dr A K Patel, K D Jeswani and Kanubhai Kalsaria are in constant touch with Keshubhai to explore the possibility of building a third front in Gujarat.Patel has sharply attacked his main opponent, Narendra Modi, for creating an atmosphere in Gujarat which is \"worse than the one that prevailed during the Emergency of 70s\" . In his first-ever blog, the BJP stalwart wondered, \"The Emergency was imposed on June 26, 1975. Yet, even 37 years later, what type of situation are we witnessing today in Gujarat?\" Patel wrote, \"The parents of missing kids wanted to meet the CM because they were depressed. Why were they refused an appointment? Why were they mistreated? Worse, they were interrogated as if they were the accused.\" Patel said he failed to understand why Modi is afraid of people.\"Why can't those who have no political agenda or selfish motive meet the CM just to register their views on the difficulties they face? Why is there such fortification in Gujarat?\" \"Isn't the atmosphere in Gujarat worse than the one prevailed during the Emergency? I have repeatedly expressed the view that in Gujarat there is lack of freedom of expression. I support those who believe in the need for change,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427336", "title": "Moderate coffee intake cuts heart failure risk", "text": "The effect of coffee consumption on human health has been a conflicting subject among experts.While current American Heart Association heart failure prevention guidelines warn against habitual coffee consumption, some studies propose a protective benefit, and still others find no association at all.Amidst this conflicting information, research from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center has attempted to shift the conversation from a definitive yes or no, to a question of how much.\"Our results did show a possible benefit, but like with so many other things we consume, it really depends on how much coffee you drink,\" said lead author Elizabeth Mostofsky, MPH, ScD, a post-doctoral fellow in the cardiovascular epidemiological unit at BIDMC.\"And compared with no consumption, the strongest protection we observed was at about four European, or two eight-ounce American, servings of coffee per day,\" she stated.The study found that these moderate coffee drinkers were at 11 per cent lower risk of heart failure.Data was analyzed from five previous studies - four conducted in Sweden , one in Finland - that examined the association between coffee consumption and heart failure. The self-reported data came from 140,220 participants and involved 6,522 heart failure events.In a summary of the published literature, the authors found a \"statistically significant J-shaped relationship\" between habitual coffee consumption and heart failure, where protective benefits begin to increase with consumption equivalent to about two eight-ounce American servings a day.Protection slowly decreases when more coffee is consumed and till five cups, there is no benefit and at more than five cups a day, there may be potential for harm.It's unclear why moderate coffee consumption provides protection from heart failure, but the researchers say part of the answer may lie in the intersection between regular coffee drinking and two of the strongest risk factors for heart failure - diabetes and elevated blood pressure.\"There is a good deal of research showing that drinking coffee lowers the risk for type 2 diabetes. It stands to reason that if you lower the risk of diabetes, you also lower the risk of heart failure,\" said senior author Murray Mittleman, MD, DrPH, a physician in the Cardiovascular Institute at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, an Associate Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and director of BIDMC's cardiovascular epidemiological research program.There may also be a blood pressure benefit. Studies have consistently shown that light coffee and caffeine consumption are known to raise blood pressure.\"But at that moderate range of consumption, people tend to develop a tolerance where drinking coffee does not pose a risk and may even be protective against elevated blood pressure,\" said Mittleman.This study was not able to assess the strength of the coffee, nor did it look at caffeinated versus non-caffeinated coffee.\"There is clearly more research to be done. But in the short run, this data may warrant a change to the guidelines to reflect that coffee consumption, in moderation, may provide some protection from heart failure,\" concluded Mostofsky.The study was published online in the Journal Circulation: Heart Failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419331", "title": "Tamil Nadu governor knocks high court door in land scam case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah on Tuesday filed a petition in the AP high court urging it to quash the summons issued to him by the ACB court in the Ameerpet land scam case. Sending summons to a constitutional authority like the governor of a state is contrary to the provisions of Article 361 of the constitution, Rosaiah said in his petition.The case against him pertains to the decision he took as the chief minister of AP in 2010 to denotify a nine-acre piece of land in Ameerpet that allegedly helped a few unconnected private individuals. This was private land acquired by the state two decades ago and when it was freed from the purview of the acquisition by Rosaiah regime, some private persons who are not the original owners of the land came to the fore as beneficiaries of the denotification of this land. Later Rosaiah became the governor of TN.Following a private complaint by an advocate, the ACB court earlier summoned the top bureaucrats involved in the process and recorded their statements. Since these statements were pointing the fingers towards the then chief minister Rosaiah as the ultimate decision maker in the issue, the court issued summons to him. However, experts raised questions pertaining to the legality of the ACB court decision in sending summons to the governor of a state. Rosaiah in his petition to the AP high court said that the ACB court has failed to take into consideration the constitutional provisions before issuing summons to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419810", "title": "IIT-Kharagpur in 'wait and watch mode' over common test", "text": "KOLKATA: The final decision regarding the Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal's proposal to hold a common entrance test for the IITs is likely to be taken on Wednesday. The directors of all the 15 IITs have already reached Delhi to participate in the IIT council meeting. While IIT Kanpur and Delhi have been most vociferous in their opinions against Sibal's decision to hold a common test that will \"dilute\" the quality of the IIT brand, IIT Kharagpur along with IIT Mumbai are believed to be on the block that has preferred to wait and watch.The directors of all the 15 IITs have reached Delhi to participate in the IIT Council meeting to be held on Wednesday. The meeting will finally decide on the fate of the common entrance test for the premiere tech schools of the country. The test has already caused a lot of flutter and resistance from the IITs, polarizing them into pro-test and anti-test lobbies. While IIT Kanpur and Delhi have been most vociferous in their opinions against union HRD minister Kapil Sibal's decision to hold a common test that will \"dilute\" the quality of the IIT brand, IIT Kharagpur along with IIT Mumbai are believed to be on the block that has preferred to wait and watch.The test that has caused a lot of flutter and faced resistance from the IITs, polarizing them into pro-test and anti-test lobbies, has also given way to However, voices of deep resentment are being heard at IIT Kharagpur. Unless Wednesday's meeting toes a middle line according to a formula that the IITs have already worked out, an emergency senate meeting will be called by the IIT Kharagpur faculty to veto the decision.It may be noted The position of IIT Kgp is being watched with interest for the simple reason that while the majority of its faculty has expressed opinions against Sibal's formula and has clearly said that there should be no change in the IIT entrance exam pattern till 2013, the June 2 senate resolution does not reflect the same. The senate was inconclusive and it was decided that another one would be convened soon. But it didn't happen and this has given rise to a lot of resentment. However, IIT Powai has already convened a senate on July 5.Representatives of the IIT Kharagpur teachers' association have also reached Delhi. The executive committee of the association has passed a resolution to oppose the common entrance exam and that will be voiced in Delhi on Tuesday and Wednesday. The faculty at IIT Kgp is pressing for a formula where the main exam will be taken by the CBSE board, but the advanced exam will be conducted by the IITs itself. The questions will be framed by them and the answerscripts corrected by them.Sibal has proposed a system where both the main test and the advanced test would take place on the same day, but only the top 65,000 candidates from the main exam will have their answerscripts evaluated for the advanced test checked.Teachers at IIT Kharagpur feel that making the candidates sit for two exams in a single day is unjustified. They believe also feels that the score of the board exams should be limited to the cut off and should not be made a part of the exam score of the candidate. IIT Kharagpur feels that after the first exam is conducted by the CBSE, a merit list of the top 65,000 candidates should be readied. The IITs would then conduct the advanced test after a long pause to offer candidates some relief. Finally, the answerscripts of all those appearing for the advanced exam will be evaluated. however, the top 65,000 candidates on the merit list will have their advanced exam papers checked.\"We will just wait for the council to announce its final decision and then start our offensive,\" said Prashanta Guha, spokesperson of the IIT Kharagpur teachers' association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14425761", "title": "Social activists condemn BJP government over withdrawal of political cases", "text": "PANAJI: Social activists in Goa have condemned the decision of BJP government to withdraw the cases against politicians. Government has recently decided to withdraw political cases and already withdrawn the case with regards to attack on the governor's convoy at Dona Paula hours after then governor SC Jamir had dismissed the Parrikar government in March 2005.\"The decision by the chief minister Manohar Parrikar government to withdraw criminal cases against ruling BJP leaders has been strongly condemned\", said social activist Aires Rodrigues.He also said that this high handed move by the government has to be strongly opposed because with a change of government the justice delivery system cannot be selectively aborted and derailed. Nobody can be above the law and as any other Aam aadmi, those politicians booked for allegedly violating the law should prove their innocence by facing the trial in the Court of law.RTI activities Sudip Tamankar also condemned the government decision to withdraw selected cases under the name of political cases.\"If government decided to withdraw the cases then they should withdraw all the cases and not selective cases, transport director has also filed political motivated cases on us, if government does not withdraw this cases also then I will ask documents under RTI on this decision\", said Tamankar.Parrikar has said that government has decided to withdraw the political cases booked for 'dharna, rasta rokho and any other protest against the government'. Parrikar said and added that there are around 15 such cases pending in various police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418834", "title": "Young couple robbed of Rs 1.52 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Introducing themselves as foresters, two youths thrashed and robbed a young couple at Mohgaon Zilpi on Ambazari road, around 12km from Hingna on Monday afternoon.Police said that the couple was spending time together in the jungle area of Mohgaon Zilpi when the youths approached them, threatened and robbed them. The robbers fled with two gold chains, three gold rings and three expensive cell phones worth Rs 1.52 lakh. The robbers also filmed the couple and threatened them with leaking the film.Police said that the girl is the daughter of deputy collector of Chandrapur, an arts graduate and is preparing for competitive exams. The youth is a third year engineering student from Umred, who currently stays in Nagpur as a paying guest. The couple had fallen in love two years ago. On Monday evening, they had decided to go for a motorcycle ride.Police said they had chosen a jungle area where hardly any villager passes through. The couple was sitting alone when two youths on bike approached them.\"Initially, they interrogated the couple and started abusing them. When the boy tried to resist them, they thrashed him and the girl and robbed them,\" said G Kankade, senior police inspector of Hingna police station. Before the couple could get up and start their bike, the robbers fled. \"The victims said that by the time they came to the main road to chase the youths, they had disappeared,\" said Kankade.The frightened couple immediately approached Hingna police and lodged a complaint.As described by the victims, the robbers were in their 20s and from their clothing they seemed to be from a nearby village.When the cops tried to dial the couple's cell phone number, it was found to be switched off. A search for the robbers is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14421514", "title": "ADGP\u2019s \u2018uninformed\u2019 visit triggers argument", "text": "MYSORE: Forest officials took objection to a senior IPS officer's visit to Nagarahole National Park late in the evening on Monday, leading to an argument at the tiger reserve.Following a scheduled visit by the legislative committee on SC and ST welfare, ADGP (civil rights enforcement cell) K S N Chikkerur and PCCF (wildlife) Dipak Sarmah, along with a host of officials, were at HD Kote.But the visit of the panel got cancelled when the ADGP was accused of entering the tiger reserve's core area in DB Kuppe range without informing the forest department. A source said the PCCF at Dammanakatte Gate questioned the police official when he came out of the core area at 7.30pm. The argument of the forest officials was that the IPS officer had not kept them informed about his visit to the forest area in the national park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14421502", "title": "Install distress alert transmitter on boats, fishermen told", "text": "MANGALORE: The Indian Coast Guard and the department of fisheries on Tuesday asked fishermen to install distress alert transmitter (DAT) in fishing boats for personal safety as well as for the security of the nation. At an awareness programme organized for fishermen by the Coast Guard and the fisheries department at Ullal near here, Coast Guard commandant KL Arun said the DAT developed by Isro would be of great use in case of emergencies on the sea. Fishermen can send distress message to the Coast Guard headquarters whenever they are in trouble by just pressing any one of the four buttons on DAT.Fishermen can press the first button if there is a fire on the boat and the second button for medical help. If they notice any leakage in the boat, they should press the third button and the fourth button can be used to seek help at times of accidents. \"The central server at Chennai will receive the distress message. Immediately the message will be passed on to the nearest Coast Guard headquarters and a team will be rushed to the spot for rescue operations,\" he said. At present, the DAT equipment are being distributed free. \"However, later on the equipment worth about Rs 10,000 will be distributed to fishermen at a subsidized rate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422937", "title": "MP HC rules eunuch is no woman, annuls mayor\u2019s nomination", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh HC on Monday upheld a lower court verdict that cancelled the election of a eunuch as mayor on grounds that she contested from a seat reserved for Scheduled Caste women, and that eunuchs can't be categorized as women. Kamla had won the mayoral election in Sagar in December 2009 defeating BJP's Suman Ahirwar by over 43,000 votes.A flabbergasted Suman filed a petition before the Sagar district judge appealing for Kamla's disqualification. After three years of legal battle, Suman won the case with the HC upholding the lower court verdict that said a eunuch cannot qualify as a woman. The HC upheld Kamla's disqualification and ruled that her nearest rival Suman is rightfully the mayor. The bench of Justice K K Trivedi also rejected a state Election Commission petition for fresh election observing that the post of Sagar Municipal Corporation mayor was not vacant.Suman's counsel Rajesh Chand said, \"The court of the Sagar district judge disqualified Kamla's election on December 9, 2011. Kamla approached the HC against that decision, which stayed the lower court order. The court directed the district election officer to temporarily deal with the situation as a casual vacancy. The case would be heard again on July 2.''Chand said, \"The state EC misinterpreted the court's interim order and started preparations to hold byelections for the post of mayor\" . The state EC had declared fresh elections on July 6 with result on July 9. Even as poll preparations were in full swing, the HC asked how was a decision to go for fresh polls taken when the matter was still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427257", "title": "Richa Panai is taking a short break", "text": "Model turned actress Richa Panai is on a month-long break in her hometown Delhi. Says the actress, \"The final schedule of my Telugu movie will start only after a month. So I am taking a short break in Delhi.\" However, she is active in the modelling scene.\"Meanwhile, I am working on a couple of ads since I don't like to sit idle at home,\" she says. Richa says she will sign her next project only after completing her Telugu movie. She has a meaty role in her next Mollywood outing Nayattu directed by P Chandrakumar, which has been scheduled for release in August. The Telugu movie will release in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422278", "title": "Cops slap minor case against child abuser", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have let off with minor charges a man accused of sexually abusing a four-year-old girl.A 28-year-old mother had complained to the Maduravoyal police that her daughter had been molested by her 24-year-old neighbour. The petitioner, a domestic maid at Maduravoyal, is at a loss on how to take the case forward.According to her complaint, M Rajasekar, who works in a private company, sexually assaulted the child when she was alone at her house. The child's father, Jagan, 30, is a daily wage worker. According to the complaint, the couple had left for work last week, leaving the child alone at home. Rajasekar, who used to frequent the house, had befriended the girl. Police said when the woman returned from work, to find the child crying continuously and told she was hurt by Rajasekar.The child's mother said she met police commissioner J K Tripathy and lodged a complaint, but doesn't know what case has been filed against the accused. \"My daughter herself explained to the police in the grievance hall of the commissioner's office, what the man did to her,\" the mother said.The petition was forwarded to the Maduravoyal police station, but the police there filed only a case under Sections 294 (b) (verbal abuse) and 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code, and Section 4 of the Tamil Nadu Women Harassment (Prevention) Act. When asked why specific charges of sexual assault were not framed against the accused,the police officer said they might alter the case to include more charges after a detailed inquiry.A new bill passed by the Rajya Sabha on May 10 spells out stringent punishment for sexual assault on children. Under this proposed law, those who commit penetrative sexual assault on children can be imprisoned for seven years to life.Child rights activists are appalled at the police attitude. \"There is no reason why the police should not register a case under Section 377 of IPC (unnatural sex) against the accused,\" said Vidya Reddy of Tulir - Centre for the Prevention and Healing of Child Sexual Abuse.When contacted, the city police commissioner promised \"strong action\" against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421801", "title": "Crime branch to charge Jundal with nine offences", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch that has sought custody of one of the key masterminds of 26/11 terror attacks, Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal , will charge him with at least nine separate offences in the Mumbai attacks. Once the crime branch finishes his custody , the Maharashtra antiterrorism squad (ATS) will seek Jundal's custody in two offences related to Aurangabad arms haul case and German bakery blast in Pune. Jundal is a prime accused in Aurangabad arms haul case too.The city crime branch on Monday moved an application before the Delhi court seeking Jundal's custody from the special cell of Delhi police. The Delhi court has kept the matter for hearing on Wednesday.The crime branch also will confront Jundal with Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab . Jundal's custody will aid the police to understand the six unknown handlers and ISI officials' involvement in the terror attacks.\"Jundal is an important conspirator, as he was present in the control room along with five other Lashkar operatives who were dictating terms to 10 terrorists including Ajmal Kasab. Jundal being in the core group may know others,\" said an official on condition of anonymity . One of the accused arrested in German bakery blast was asked to recognize the voice of the handlers of 26/11. He identified one of the voices as that of Ansari, who posed as Abu Jundal. Crime branch will take expert's help to match the voices. \"The use of Hindi words like prashasan and yuvak have been used by handlers, suggesting the involvement of some Indians,\" an officer said.Jundal, who hails from Gevrai taluka in Beed district was a student of Indian Technical Institute in Beed, and had a sudden rise in the ranks of Lashkar after he was indoctrinate by the banned SIMI post-Gujarat riots in 2002. Jindal was arrested by the Delhi special cell on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422336", "title": "Delay in results annoy Bachelor's of Physiotherapy students", "text": "INDORE: Hundreds of Bachelor's of Physiotherapy (BPT) students are scared that they may not be able to finish their course on time, all thanks to the delay in the result announcement of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavishyalaya ( DAVV).The session of second and third prof of the BPT is running almost a year late than its schedule. The students had given the examination three months back for which results have not been announced till date.On Tuesday, a group of students visited the administrative campus of the varsity to press varsity authorities to declare results as soon as possible. Or else, they will go on indefinite strike, they threatened.The union students, along with university president Varsha Sharma, met the officiating vice-chancellor.\"We met the vice chancellor who had promised to declare results in two days. We got to know that examiners have not checked the answer sheets yet. We will go on strike if the results are not declared in two days' time. Result declaration has already delayed the course by almost a year,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "salboni", "code": "14419765", "title": "Forest dept hurdle to Jindal Salboni project", "text": "SALBONI: A tug-of-war is on between the forest department and West Midnapore district administration have locked horns over a large tract of land within the 4,336 acre upcoming Jindal steel plant complex at Salboni. Claiming that 1200 acres within the complex belongs to it, the forest department says 1200 acres within the plant complex belongs to it. The department has written to Jindal Steel telling the company that it cannot carry out any work on the forest land. The company has also been asked not to fell the sal trees spread over 1500 hectares of the forest land cannot be felled, the department's missive to the company said.In his letter, to the Jindal Steel management, the Midnapore divisional forest officer (DFO) Adhir Samanta wrote that the forest department is in control of 1,200 acres of the 4336 acres of land given to the company for its plant. The DFO asked the company not to execute its plant construction work on the forest land. The DFO's letter to Jindal Steel also said the company cannot fell any of the sal trees that are growing on 1,500 hectares of the 1,200 acre forest land.The DFO specified that the trees had grown naturally and according to a Supreme Court missive, it is illegal to fell such trees. warned that the Supreme Court had declared it illegal to fell naturally growing trees.Apart from writing to the company, the DFO has also written also wrote to the district land reforms officer (DLRO) and the district magistrate, telling them that the 1,200 acres had been given to the forest department by the government way back in 1963 for plantation of trees. Samanta said the district administration hadn't bothered to serve any notice on the department for taking back the 1,200 acre forest land and including it in the Jindal steel plant area.District magistrate Surendra Gupta, however, dismissed the DFO's claim as illogical. \"This land belongs to the district administration and is not part of any classified forest. It had been given to the forest department to plant trees,\" he said. Asked why the district administration had not informed the forest department that the land was being taken back from it before giving it to the Jindals, the DM said, \"It is not necessary to inform them.\"A Jindal steel official at the plant site declined comment on the DFO's letter to the company. He said, \"Work on the plant is on. A 36km boundary wall and an administrative building have been built and production will commence from 2014.\"DFO Samanta said he had written letters to the authorities concerned on the 1200 acre forest land.The Jindal Steel plant was planned in 2006 when the company asked for land in Salboni. The government acquired 294 acres from families who have been compensated. The company has inducted a member of each land loser family in a training programme for jobs in the plant. The rest of the land was with the government, including the 1,200 acres of forest land. The foundation stone for the plant was laid on November 2, 2009, by then chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418858", "title": "RTE district in charge ignorant about distance certificate authority", "text": "NAGPUR: All applications received for the free 25% quota under the Right To Education (RTE) Act may get rejected if schools insist on the mandatory distance certificate. Shockingly, the RTE in charge for district and education officer (primary) Someshwar Netam is himself unaware of who the certificate issuing authority is.A CBSE school received a letter on Tuesday from Netam claiming ignorance on the issuance of distance certificate. The principal said on condition of anonymity, \"He has written that parents are lining up at his office for distance certificates but he is not the authority for it. He added that if schools are aware of any such government decree then he should be informed about it.\"The state government has already put the responsibility of issuing distance certificate on Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), but the local authority has refused to comply citing lack of clarity in government rules.Speaking to TOI, Netam refused to comment on the letter and said, \"The distance certificate is not needed for admissions, all that one requires is proof of residence like electricity bill and passport. I have not received any government circular on distance certificates at all.\"The state's RTE head Sanjay Deshmukh is aghast, terming the confusion at Nagpur as 'unfortunate'. \"The state government has issued notifications well in advance and no one can claim ignorance. I will be speaking with my officers and ensuring that things fall into place quickly,\" said Deshmukh on the phone from Mumbai.Netam's claim that distance certificate is not necessary is incorrect. In fact, this is one of the most important and mandatory documents under RTE. Regardless of the quota in which an applicant seeks the free 25% admission, everyone has to comply with the distance criterion which is of having residence within a 1km radius.City school principals said that the education department literally 'blackmailed' them into reopening their admissions. A female principal of a CBSE school said, \"Deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar held a meeting with most of us and kept hinting that CBSE schools have to renew no-objection certificates every year through his office. This basically meant that we all had to fall in line or else face the heat later on. Now that we have complied, his department and NMC are at loggerheads trying to figure out who will issue the mandatory documents.\"All the applications that have been submitted in city for the free 25% quota lack the mandatory distance certificate - so technically if schools reject all of them then the institute cannot be held liable. However, NMC and state education department officials seem least bothered to help out schools that have volunteered to reopen admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419664", "title": "Doctor, chemist booked for flouting abortion norms", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), Nashik Division, has booked Atul Burad, practising allopathy in Dindori and Rohan Khinvansara, partner Kacholiya Medical Agencies, Nashik, for alleged violation of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940, for receipt and sale of medicines related to medical termination of pregnancies without following norms.According to Suhas Chaudhary, assistant commissioner, FDA, Nashik, Atul Burad, who claimed to be the doctor, had not registered himself under the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules 1945 and hence was not authorized to purchase, stock and administer drugs and medicines related to medical termination of pregnancies (MTP), including mifegest kit and cytology tablets.\"Our inspector D M Darandale found Burad practising in Shraddha Hospital in possession of various allopathic tablets but enquiry revealed that he was not registered under The Drugs and Cosmetics Rules 1945. The allopathic tablets worth Rs 3690 were seized from his possession along with drugs and medicines related to MTP,\" Chaudhary said.Though Burad refused to reveal the information, officials found out that the drugs were purchased from Kacholiya Agencies, Nashik.Since the person was not a registered practitioner, any transaction with him was not authorized and hence the medical practitioner, medical agency and others have been booked by the FDA and a case has been filed in the Dindori police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "14419717", "title": "Mine fire rages out of control in Asansol", "text": "ASANSOL: The villagers of Topsi had a narrow escape after a fire broke out in an illegal coal pit that is barely 500ft from the habitat.The smoke was first spotted at 5.30pm on Tuesday and poisonous gases engulfed the area within minutes, with locals complaining of suffocation. They also launched an agitation in protest against illegal mining and to speed up work. Police had to be rushed to the spot to pacify them.A fire broke out in an illegal coal pit in Topsi under Jamuria Police Station area here this evening. ECL sources said that at around 5.30 PM the smoke and fire has been noticed. They tried to douse the flames by throwing soil and water through the holes by dumpers but failed. Local people also started agitation but Jamuria Police rushed to the spot and pacified the mob.Easterm Coalfields Limited (ECL) authorities of Kunustoria area said that the fire broke out due to unscientific coal mining. \"A fire had broken out in the recent past after which the area was declared unsafe for human habitation,\" they said.Though efforts were made to douse the flames by throwing fly ash and water into the pit with dumpers but the fire could not be controlled till reports last came in.ECL sources said that the area is under underground fire zone. ECL has been trying to control the fire by puitting fly ash and soil. Sources said that ECL has dozed the numerous illegal coal pits but the illegal miners have opened them and due to contact with air it caught fire. Local people allege that they can not stay in their homes due to emission of posisonous gases.The area is barely 200ft away from NH-2. Asansol ADM Jayanta Kumar Aikat said extra dumpers would be engaged from Wednesday to fill up the illegal pits. , ADM of Asansol and talked with the top officials of ECL about this matter. He said that ECL is trying to douse the flames. But so far huge black smoke is billowing out of the holes. From tomorrow morning ECL will further increase its dumpers and dozers, the ADM added. Work is still going on in Topsi open cast coal mine of ECL adjacent to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14425703", "title": "One policeman killed, rail tracks blasted during Maoist bandh in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists on Wednesday fired on a patrolling party killing a policeman and blew up tracks disrupting rail service in Dhanbad district as the 24-hour Jharkhand bandh called by the banned CPI(Maoist) got underway in the state.The bandh which began at midnight last is in protest against reported arrest of Maoist cadres in neighbouring Odisha.One policeman was killed and 15 others were injured when the Maoists opened fire on a patrolling party at Topchanchi near Grand Trunk road in Dhanbad district, about 210 km from here, Divisional Commander of the Railway Protection Force Shashi Kumar said.He said the injured were admitted to a hospital in Dhanbad.The rebels blasted railway tracks near Tetulmari in Dhanbad district, disrupting railway services for over six hours, he said and added the tracks were repaired around 7.30 am.The Maoists also blew up the building of Hehegarha railway station and blasted a stretch of railway lines near the station in Latehar district, about 100 km from Ranchi, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422516", "title": "Nigerians had stayed in Diplomatic Enclave", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two recently arrested Nigerians, Mike Johnson and Franco Anderson, had been staying in Diplomatic Enclave in Chanakyapuri before coming to Mohali for collecting cash from Himmat Singh, municipal councillor of Kharar, who they duped of Rs 97 lakh.The two were held in this connection on June 22.A team of the district police on checking found that both had stayed there for four days. This was checked in the presence of accused Anderson, who is in police custody.Police sources said there is a possibility that the mastermind of the gang, Mathew, has managed to escape from India but his antecedents were being checked through the Nigerian embassy.Inspector Jogi Raj, SHO of the police station in Kharar said, \"Though the Nigerian embassy was asked to provide their passports and visa-related documents, the Foreign Act would also be slapped against the two Nigerians because they were caught in Mohali without their passports and visas.\"Meanwhile, district police have also found Rs 15 lakh in one of the bank accounts of the accused in ICICI Bank, which has been sealed.The accused have withdrawn all the cash from another bank account in Axis Bank .Anderson would be produced in the district court, Mohali, on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419339", "title": "Goan bookies back Germany", "text": "PANAJI: Portugal are Goa's sentimental favourites when it comes to a major football contest but Goans, and bookies in particular, are not putting their money where their heart is.Goan punters have made Germany the overwhelming favourites to win Euro 2012 -- for the first time in 12 years -- and are being backed to play defending champions Spain in the final clash on Sunday.\"Germany is the team to beat. They are classy and have enough ammunition to outclass any opponent. The odds are heavily in their favour since their fantastic triumph against the Greeks in the quarterfinals,\" a North Goa based bookie.Germany were never really at risk of losing against a hopelessly outclassed Greek squad but the manner in which Joachim Loew tweaked the side to achieve an almost unbelievable 4-2 result in the quarters has helped turn the corner.The odds, for the moment, on a Germany triumph in the final is 1:1. It means that for every hundred rupee placed on Germany -- prior to their semifinal clash against Italy that is -- the punter will only get equal return.In sharp contrast, Spain are placed second-best at 1.50:1 which means Rs 150 is assured on a Rs 100 bet prior to their clash against the rampaging Cristiano Ronaldo-led Portugal.\"We are expecting some movement (of cash) the day Portugal play Spain in the semis. There will be bets wagered on Portugal but Spain remain the favourites,\" said another bookie.Portugal are placed at 3.5:1, offering a three and half fold return should the likes of Ronaldo and Nani continue with their explosive play for two more matches and win the European championship for the first time.Italy may have lorded over England in their quarterfinal clash and rarely looked troubled against the perennially-hyped inventors of football but despite Andrea Pirlo being at his awesome best and goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon looking almost unbeatable, the Italians have been provided with little hope of emerging champion at 7:1.Among other bets, mostly routed internationally, a Spain-Germany clash is seen as the most likely final at odds of 11:10, ahead of a Germany v Portugal final at 7:2. Next in the line comes Spain v Italy at 4:1, while Italy v Portugal is available at 9:1.\"If someone wants to take a risk, Portugal is the best bet. With Ronaldo in red-hot form you never know what he can do. Would you be willing to stick your neck out,\" asked a bookie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420939", "title": "Birsa Agricultural University hails grain production milestone", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand has produced 68 million tones (MT) grains, a milestone achieved due to the efforts made by Birsa Agricultural University (BAU) in a bid to make the state self-dependent for the first time in the matter of grain production. The total grain production in the country is estimated at 248MT. The information was shared in BAU vice-chancellor's annual report presented on the varsity's 32th Foundation Day on Tuesday.He said several developments have taken place in the field of education. \"This year's budget is Rs 105.32 crore. Eight new colleges - including Dairy Technological College, Dumka; Fishing Technology College, Gumla; Veterinary Science College, Jamtara; Agriculture Engineering College and Horticulture College at Chaibasa and a college in Deoghar - are slated to come up in the near future. For the post-graduate level, 40 seats will be increased and eight departments will also be launched,\" said M P Pandey, BAU vice-chancellor.The Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) has granted Rs 2.3 crore for setting up excellence learning units, while Rs 5 crore has been sanctioned for the seven new projects by ICAR. Since the state has a sizable population of tribals who are mostly farmers, efforts were made by the BAU to help them out. \"For the tribes, agriculture-related information will be disseminated for then in tribal dialects through CDs,\" said Pandey.Talking about the balance of science and technology and nature, Gopaljee Trivedi, former vice chancellor of Pusa and the chief guest at the occasion, said: \"Apart from grain production, the state should gear up for increasing production of rice production as well. We need to accept science and technology, but not at the cost of nature. We can't fight nature. When there is a flood, somewhere it does good because the level of water increases which is a boon for us. We need to depend on green power, which we will find in our country and not much in other countries. We do not have international-level universities because we ourselves don't do research work and appoint middlemen for every thing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14417991", "title": "Kamakhya temple premises turned into dump yard", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the Ambubachi mela finally over, the Kamakhya temple premises has been transformed into a dump yard.The concerned agencies engaged by the district administration have dumped the garbage near the temple premises, which irked many residents and visitors who went to the Kamakhya temple on Tuesday.The garbage was dumped near the Bagala temple and crematorium on Nilachal Hills, where the Kamakhya temple is located. Some of the locals also complained that human excreta came down to the drains, spreading foul smell in the places on the foothills of the hills.However, the temple authorities claimed that 80 per cent of the garbage cleaning work is complete and the rest will be cleared in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418682", "title": "A hospital that helps prevents illnesses", "text": "NAGPUR: One visits a hospital to get cured of diseases but this doctor believes people should visit him before an illness strikes. While most medical practitioners believe prevention is better than cure, Dr Sanjay Bajaj went a step further and established a hospital that promotes wellness among senior citizens by means of regular check-ups and vaccines.Perhaps the first of its kind in the country, Laxmi Geriatric Center and Preventive Health Management based in Dhantoli, aims at making old age a more healthy and productive period of life, irrespective of their economic conditions. Other than Dr Bajaj, 25 of the city's most reputed doctors from various specialties are on the hospital panel.\"In the West, preventive health care has acquired much importance. India has just woken up to the concept. People often hire professionals to manage their wealth. We do the same for their health wherein they are asked to undergo a complete health check up and the level of their health is assessed. According to results of these tests, people are advised to make changes in lifestyle. We help them by counselling them on aspects like diet, exercise schedule, medication, vaccines or physiotherapy,\" informed Dr Bajaj, a preventive geriatrician. If the patients demand, practices like pranayam, acupressure and homoeopathy are also available, he added.Immunization is needed by all individuals at regular intervals, not just during childhood, said Dr Bajaj. \"The hospital maintains a database of all patients containing all their details. We are also working to alleviate obesity among patients. This way many allied conditions are also taken care of. We have vaccine managers to plan the vaccination schedules for patients by taking into account their test reports along with their habits, job pattern, daily routine, and family history,\" he said.The elderly people who are not critically ill but require care have the option of night care - an overnight stay in the hospital to assess their health requirements. \"This way instead of running them through all the tests, we can sift out the ones needed to be done, saving time, effort and money,\" Dr Bajaj said. The idea is to help people plan their way into a healthy old age and promoting wellness and longevity in the society.The institute is also engaged in research on social and health conditions of the elderly in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421554", "title": "Varanasi: Children to elect MPs on July 6", "text": "VARANASI: The city is going to witness a unique celebration of democracy again when children aged between 5-13 years would cast vote for the election of children's parliament in July. The children's parliament completed its second tenure of two years and dissolved on Tuesday.Giving information about the next election of the children's parliament to reporters at Lallapura premises of Vishal Barat Sansthan, former central information commissioner O P Kejriwal, who would act as chief election observer, announced the commencement of model code of conduct from Tuesday.The nomination of the candidates will be held at a school in Sigra on July 3, while the polling will be held at five different places on July 6. The counting of votes would be held on July 10.The children's parliament follows the same electoral process which is applicable in other elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14419223", "title": "Must blot out drug cases: Navelim MLA", "text": "MARGAO: A group of people comprising students, members of Positive People, the Goa AIDS Control Society, Goa police and home guards, jointly organized a rally in Margao that went round the city on Tuesday, in order to raise awareness about the adverse effects of drug abuse .The rally was flagged off from the KTC bus stand by DySP Mohan Naik and wound its way through the city. It was followed by a public meeting.Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado, speaking on the occasion, stressed the need to fight the increasing rise in cases of narcotic addiction.Naik, addressing the gathering, urged the younger generation to stay away from life-threatening narcotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420304", "title": "High court issues notice to government on teachers recruitment exam", "text": "JAIPUR: The level-II of Grade-III teachers' recruitment test conducted early this month has once again come under the judicial scanner. More than 50 candidates, who gave the test in Bundi district on June 2, have approached the Rajasthan high court alleging serious irregularities in the examination.\"In the examination conducted on June 2 there were serious illegalities and irregularities, as such the examination cannot be said to be fair and transparent in any manner,\" the candidates' counsel Tanveer Ahmed told the court.Based on the candidates' petition, the high court's vacation bench at Jaipur sought replies from principal secretaries of the state's panchayati raj department, the education department and the additional controller of examination-cum-chief executive officer of the zila parishad, Bundi.After a change in the teachers' recruitment process from this year, the zila parishad in each district separately issued advertisements for filling the posts of Grade-III teachers. Nearly 40,000 posts were advertised all over the state, including the over 800 posts in Bundi district.Initially, a large number of aspirants from different districts approached the high court challenging the amended process. The court, however, dismissed those petitions in favour of the state government.As per the new process held under the provisions of the Rajasthan Panchayati Raj Act, 1994 and Rajasthan Panchayati Raj Rules, 1996, the posts of Grade-III teachers are filled at two levels, level-I for Classes I to V and level-II for Classes VI to VIII. Candidates who have qualified the Rajasthan Teacher Eligibility Test and possess BEd degrees are eligible for the level-II posts.Some of the allegations the candidates made were that the question booklets provided to them had broken seals, the question booklets were neither given to them after the examination, nor was any answer key declared. Two different sets of question papers for the same subject were distributed in the same district, some questions had more than one correct option. Moreover, the examination was not conducted within the prescribed time limit, the candidates claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418683", "title": "IIM students should be given degrees instead of diplomas: Kapil Sibal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union minister for human resource development, Kapil Sibal has suggested that instead of diplomas, degrees should be issued to all the students graduating from the Indian Institutes of Management.The issue was one among the key concerns raised at a review meeting of MHRD on Tuesday, when Sibal and senior officials of the MHRD met chairpersons and directors of all the IIMs at IIM-Lucknow. Although there was no official briefing on the meeting, sources informed TOI that the HRD minister said that the deemed university status to IIMs would allow the institutes to award degrees. The proposal which is currently under consideration by the ministry is expected to lend greater global acceptance to the IIM pass-outs. However, Sibal did not say when a formal decision in this regard would be taken.Historically, IIM graduates from across the country have been lapped up by top recruiters from across the globe. However, students wanting to pursue higher studies or those interested in research have found management diploma an impediment in showing the requisite number of academic years. As a result, the demand of a degree certificate, instead of a diploma has been growing stronger. Tuesday's discussions, therefore, are being seen as a step in the right direction, to address this concern.Among other key issues taken up during the quarterly review included the need for IIMs to compile a world-class management journal to showcase research undertaken in the field of management. Sibal and IIM directors also discussed the need for a National Academy of Management, on the lines of the existing Academy of Law. Sibal said a draft plan to create this academy is underway and once completed, this will also be included in India's 12th Five Year Plan.The MHRD-IIM panel, on Tuesday, also took up matters pertaining to strengthen infrastructure facilities for students studying at IIMs across the country. To attract more foreign students, especially from countries where education standards are at par with or above than that of India, the panel also discussed the need to build better student-related infrastructure, including hostels and libraries for attracting them. A need to strengthen and fast track infrastructure development at the new IIMs in the country - at Tiruchirapally, Kahsipur, Ranchi, Rohtak, Raipur and Udaipur - was also taken up by the directors and MHRD officials. Having opened in the recent past, most new IIMs are still functioning from rented campuses and with faculty borrowed from other institutes. In this regard, the panel also debated the necessity for recruiting more teaches at the country's most reputed institutes of higher education. Though the paucity of teachers was felt more acutely at the IITs, the panel also said that the ministry would, through a National Knowledge Network-like body, look at filling vacancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14419338", "title": "Woman from Antop Hill gets Rs 1.25L power bill", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST committee chairperson claims a woman with few electrical appliances at Antop Hill home received a power bill of Rs 1.25 lakh. However, BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said power thefts had reduced in the island city.While a poor woman, having no fridge, TV or AC in her house, got an inflated electricity bill of Rs 1.25 lakh at Antop Hill, some of the garment manufacturing units in the area got a frugal bill for power consumption of less than 14 units.This was highlighted by BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil, who raised the issue of rampant power thefts in the island city at the committee's meeting on Tuesday.Patil said, \"We have evidence to show that the woman has been wrongly billed while some of the factories in the same area have got lower bills (few hundreds). I suspect connivance of officials,\" BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil, who raised the issue of rampant power thefts in the island city. Patil wants an inquiry into the role of officials. \"We have several residents to give statement on how vigilance teams of BEST cut off the power supply of defaulters and cheats, and then restore the supply in the night for reasons best known to them.\" He stated that \"some garment shops have 25 gadgets, but their bills are unbelievably low,\" he said.\"The slums have no meter boxes and they get unauthorized power supply on our official wires which have the BEST imprint on it. There is connivance of our officials and this needs to be probed,\" said committee member Sunil Ganacharya.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta claimed that the power thefts had reduced in the island city.\"We have also reduced power distribution losses from 10.5 % to a record 7.87 %, which is one of the lowest in the country,\" Gupta added.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena's Suhas Samant, however, demanded that vigilance officers should be changed every three years. \"They have failed to recover pending bills worth Rs 8 crores. I suspect foul play,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420165", "title": "Girl dies, boyfriend survives in suicide bid", "text": "JAIPUR: A 14-year-old girl jumped into a well along with her boyfriend after both consumed some poisonous substance in Sikar's Raoli police station area early on Tuesday morning. The girl died, while the youth survived and has been referred to Jaipur's SMS Hospital in critical condition.According to the police, the incident occurred in Sawaipura village. \"It has come up that the girl, Manohari, was close to a youth, Omprakash Jaat, who lives in the same village,\" said a police officer. Omprakash, a farmer, is 10 years elder to Manohari.He added that Manohari's parents work in Maharasthra. \"She was a class X student and was living with her grandparents in the village,\" said the officer.The officer said that Manohari was found missing from her house in the early hours on Tuesday. \"The grandparents started searching for her frantically. Meanwhile, some villagers informed the police. A police team was also rushed there,\" said the officer.Some villagers heard some noises from a village well. \"Someone went down the well and found the girl as well as Omprakash lying there. The girl had died by the time she was taken out. Omprakash was first admitted to a hospital in Sikar and then referred to Jaipur due to critical condition,\" said the officer.The police are awaiting the post-mortem report.\"We are recording the statement of the girl's family. The statement of the youth could not be recorded as he is unconscious. The boy and the girl belong to the same caste,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14419285", "title": "Low-cost housing on GDA agenda", "text": "GHAZIABAD: With the land row in Gautam Budh Nagar putting affordable housing in Noida Extension on the backburner, Ghaziabad Development Authority has now decided to come to the aid of homebuyers and has made plans to construct low priced houses. Also, the authority has gone eco-friendly and is paying special emphasis on green buildings.After its board meeting on Tuesday, GDA proposed a slew of incentives for private builders. GDA chairman and vice chairman, Santosh Yadav, said, \"GDA is going to build 4,300 homes for lower income groups, but that is not enough. There are thousands that require affordable housing and the alternative is to bring in private players and give them incentives,\" Yadav said.Developers say funds are hard to come by, costs have gone up and mobilizing labour is getting difficult because of the success of the government's rural employment guarantee scheme, MNREGA. This is delaying construction. Amid such circumstances, giving major relief to developers, Yadav said that development costs will be waived off for private players who wish to build houses costing up to Rs 10 lakh.Yadav said that normally, if the land use of a plot has to be changed from agricultural to residential, there is a lengthy process as well as huge costs. The process will now be streamlined and the costs removed.The general body meeting of GDA, which stressed on affordable housing, also discussed changing the building bylaws. \"The building bylaws in place are the same applied in places like Gorakhpur and Aligarh. Ghaziabad now comes under the National Capital Region. It requires building bylaws similar to the national capital,\" said a senior GDA official.\"Earlier, 5% of the FAR of a housing project was required to be reserved for commercial spaces. We have brought it down to 1% as things like ATMs and kirana stores don't require that much space. Further, an additional 5% FAR will be allowed for projects that offer services to residents like clubs, entertainment sections, etc. Earlier, while balconies up to 1 metre were allowed, this has been increased to 1.5 metres,\" Yadav said.GDA has also gone eco-friendly. \"Buildings that receive a '3-star' or 'gold' rating from TERI for energy saving will be allowed an extra 5% FAR,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418470", "title": "BCCI may scrap zonal system of appointing presidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: A lack of appropriate candidates for president elect from the east zone may prompt the BCCI to scrap the zonal system of appointing presidents. Sources say BCCI bigwigs are keen to introduce the change this year itself.The amendment will have to garner a three-fourth majority at the BCCI AGM. East zone states are expected to oppose the move but the board is confident even these associations will offer their support eventually.The current rotation policy allows every zone to nominate a president candidate in turn. Incumbent N Srinivasan is from the south zone and as per current rules, the next president elect should be from east zone in 2013 (September).Former BCCI chief and president of the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) Jagmohan Dalmiya told TOI: \"We haven't got any such proposal from the board. When we get one, we will take a call then.\"Last year, the board had floated the proposal but didn't list it in the agenda at the AGM because officials were \"not in a hurry\". Discussions on the proposed amendment started back in 2010 when incumbent president N Srinivasan became the president-elect.The BCCI's logic is it wants to select the best candidate irrespective of the zone. \"If you scrap the rotation policy, it will only allow the best candidates to become BCCI president,\" a BCCI official said. \"Board members had some issues with who would be the next president from east zone. If the members are not happy with the names suggested, then it's mandatory to scrap the zonal system,\" a BCCI official added.The BCCI also feels that change starts at the top and this amendment can pave the way for changing the zonal system when it comes to forming selection committees too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14420014", "title": "Four militants killed in US drone attack in Pakistan's Waziristan tribal area", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A US drone targeted a house in the restive North Waziristan tribal area of Pakistan today, killing at least four militants, officials in the region said.The CIA-operated spy plane fired two missiles at the house in the remote Shawal area near the Afghan border.Shawal is located 200 km from Miranshah, the main town of North Waziristan Agency. Besides the four militants killed, two others were injured in the strike, officials were quoted as saying by the media.The US has continued drone strikes in Pakistan's tribal belt despite Islamabad's condemnation of the attacks. Pakistan has described the drone strikes as counterproductive for the war on terror, saying they provoke anti-US sentiments.US officials claim the drone campaign is effective in targeting al-Qaida and Taliban elements hiding in North Waziristan. The US has significantly increased drone strikes in Pakistan since a Nato Summit in Chicago ended last month without a deal on ending Islamabad's six-month blockade of supply routes to Afghanistan.The supply lines were shut after a cross-border Nato air strike killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November last year. On June 4, a drone attack killed 15 militants in North Waziristan. The dead reportedly included senior Al Qaeda leader Abu Yahya al-Libi.Pakistan summoned the acting US envoy on June 5 and lodged a strong protest over the drone strikes, saying the attacks were unlawful and a violation of the country's sovereignty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421344", "title": "JD(U) MLA 'threatened'", "text": "PATNA: JD(U) MLA from Barhariya assembly segment in Siwan district, Shyam Bahadur Singh, on Tuesday lodged a written complaint with the Barhariya police station against six persons for threatening him with dire consequences.Singh said there is a government pond at Jamunagarh in Barhariya. A portion of the pond has been filled and locals keep their animals there. Since the pond was drying, he wanted to get it dug deeper to keep water in the pond.On June 20, when he reached Jamunagarh with some workers six persons on two motorcycles came there and prevented him from digging the pond and threatened him with dire consequences, he alleged. DSP (Hq) Satyanarayan Kumar said Singh had lodged a written complaint with the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422501", "title": "CBI moves court against Central Information Commission order", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Perturbed over the directions of Central Information Commission (CIC) to provide the findings of investigation into the teacher recruitment scam to social activist Hemant Goswami, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has moved the Punjab and Haryana high court.Goswami had sought information on the findings of the scam through an RTI application. When the CBI refused to provide it, the appellant had moved CIC, which on April 2 directed the agency to furnish it.The CBI has alleged that it would mar their probe. A HC bench has issued notices to CIC and the petitioner, asking them to submit their reply in a month.The scam had come to light in 2009. The name of Haryana Civil Services officer Samwartak Singh, who was then UT director public instructions (DPI), schools, had also cropped up during investigation. In February, the high court had slammed UT police and Chandigarh branch of CBI for a slow probe and handed over the inquiry to Delhi branch of CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14422572", "title": "H1N1: Schools in district put on alert", "text": "MALAPPURAM: In the backdrop of the second H1N1 death in the state reported from Kalpakancheri, near Perinthalmanna, the district administration has issued fever alerts in all schools.It was on Monday that a class X student - Jilshad of Valavannoor near Kalpakanchery - died at the MES Medical College due to acute respiratory infection. He was tested H1N1 positive. Following this, a local level health squad was formed under the Valavannoor Health Centre and volunteers were directed to ensure sufficient medicines in health centres.The administration has also directed all schools in the district to explain the importance of personal hygiene to students. On Tuesday, volunteers visited schools in Malappuram and took special awareness classes.DMO K Sakeena said volunteers have been focusing on schools as the fever was spreading mainly through children. Teachers have been directed to send students with fever symptoms home. People with chronic illnesses were also under observation, she said, adding that Asha volunteers would also actively take part in local-level immunization programmes.According to data with the district medical office, there are 30 confirmed cases of H1N1 in the district. On Monday, three H1N1 cases were confirmed in Munniyoor, Olakara and Kottakkal panchayats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421831", "title": "Ansari may help cops join terror dots", "text": "MUMBAI: The arrest of Abu Jundal, one of the \"most wanted\" persons on terror investigators' lists, may help police join more dots in the 26/11 terror attack conspiracy and the Aurangabad arms haul case of 2006.His arrest will take 26/11 probe forward and help the investigators prove their theory that the conspirators had received local help. India had also secured an Interpol Red Corner notice, in which he was accused of crimes involving the use of weapons, explosives and terrorism.Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam, who successfully argued for his production warrant in Mumbai, said his voice sample would now be tested for a match with the voices in intercepted phone conversations between attackers present at Nariman House in Colaba and their handlers sitting in Pakistan .Jundal may be interrogated and confronted with Kasab by Mumbai police, as Kasab in his confession has mentioned his name. Nikam said Jundal will face trial under a separate chargesheet that will have to be filed now against him in the 26/11 case. The direction of the probe will now also depend on what Jundal reveals. His arrest has no impact on Kasab who has already been convicted. Police expect Jundal to name more Indian names as he was \"in the very inner circle of the LeT\" .Legal experts say that the arrest may lead to more evidence against others in the LeT and on the activities of Jundal himself in the Gulf countries and any further plans of the terrorists.According to the transcript submitted during Kasab's trial, a handler believed to be Jundal told the terrorists to convey to the media that the \"attack was a trailer and the actual movie was yet to come\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418594", "title": "CM Sheila Dikshit safeguarding discoms interests: RWAs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 26% hike in power tariff has been strongly opposed by resident welfare associations (RWAs) across the city, with some demanding the chief minister's resignation. RWAs have threatened to stop paying their electricity bills and even burn effigies of CM Sheila Dikshit .\"It is wrong for the CM to encourage a proposal that supports private companies, but hits the common man. It seems the CM has become a mute spectator to the residents' problems, and is more interested in protecting the interests of the discoms than those of the residents,\" said Anil Bajpai, president of east Delhi RWA federation.RWAs are miffed as there is an increase in fixed charges with an additional 8% surcharge. \"This is ridiculous as nobody is thinking about domestic consumption. Earlier, the fixed charges were Rs 15-20 per kilowatt every month, which have shot up to Rs 75-100 per kilowatt a month. The jump in fixed charges is shocking,\" said Rajiv Kakaria, Greater Kailash-II RWA member.\"The discoms claim they are running in losses and that justifies the new scheme. However, the audit reports tell a different story,\" he added.\"There is confusion over the audit reports and we cannot proceed further till it is cleared. Besides, what is the guarantee that these reports are above board. The reports should be in the public domain. The services by discoms are also not up to the mark. The hike in charges should match the quality of services,\" said N K Vaid, secretary general, Vasant Kunj Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419167", "title": "179 girls trafficked into Goa rescued over last three years", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 179 girls who were trafficked into Goa for commercial sexual exploitation were rescued in the state over the last three years.The revelation came from Anyay Rahit Zindagi (ARZ), a nodal NGO working to curb human trafficking for commercial sexual exploitation in Goa. ARZ was participating in a two-day consultation workshop of service providers from Goa and source states to strategize combating human trafficking for commercial sexual exploitation in Goa.Representatives from eight states including Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Nagaland, Assam, Mizoram, Manipur and West Bengal are also participating. According to ARZ director Arun Pandey, though Goa is a destination state for trafficked girls, no study has been done on the magnitude of the trafficking.Pandey said 146 were Indian girls followed by Nepal (27), Bangladesh (4) and Russia (2). From Indian states, 39 girls came from Mumbai. Others were Manipur (31), Goa (16), Andhra Pradesh (14), West Bengal (09), Nagaland (08), Karnataka (07), Maharashtra and Assam (both 5 each), Mizoram (4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14420615", "title": "Smart card-based driving licences from August 15", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to simplify the process of acquiring a driving licence and eliminate middlemen, the state government is getting ready to adopt smart cards. From August 15, the practice of manual issuance of driving licenses will be replaced in Gautam Budh Nagar with the more reliable and technologically savvy method.Nearly 30,000 driving licenses are issued annually in the district through the manual and tedious system. Touts charge hefty amounts from applicants to avoid standing in long queues at the regional transport office. Being on hold for the last four years, things have finally started moving for the implementation of the smart card project.The decision comes after a series of meeting held with officials of UP Regional Transport Office. \"We have been discussing taking the 'smart card DL' project further. During a meeting in Agra last week we decided to implement it,\" said VK Singh, RTO, Gautam Budh Nagar.\"The new tamper-proof licence will be a plastic card embedded with a microprocessor chip with a memory. The chip will have all details about the cardholder. The process of obtaining the smart card licence will be same as the ordinary one. People will have to pay extra to get the card. As of now, the charge is Rs 360 for a driving licence. We are yet to decide the amount to be charged for the smart card,\" Singh said.One of the major benefits of the scheme will be cutting down time required in issuing a licence, the RTO said. \"The applicants, after they submit the required papers, will be photographed. Their biometrics, thumb impression and signature will be recorded on the computerized database and chip. The licence will then be issued on the same day,\" Singh explained.To get a smart card, applicants will have to be present in the RTO office physically. This might check the role of touts as well. \"The new driving licence will have a computerized photograph, fingerprint impression, signature of the applicant and other data so it would be impossible to issue it to a person without him/her being present,\" said Singh. Besides, it will also make the accounting system such as fees and fine automated and transparent.The authorities imposing challans on vehicle drivers/owners will need a card reader/writer to read the information fed in these cards. The cards will store a history of challans and further penalties will be fed in through card readers/writers. The process will initially be for those applying for new licences, but gradually, all drivers will be given these cards.\"It will not be mandatory for the existing drivers to get their cards converted,\" said officials at the ARTO in Noida. Licence holders applying for renewal or a duplicate one will, however, get the smart card. The training of driving licence issuing authorities, assistance in preparing a database and technical support for at least six months after the process kick-starts, will come from National Informatics Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420879", "title": "Special CBI director takes stock of court cases in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Special director of CBI K Salim Ali was on a day's visit to Ranchi to review the progress of litigation in Jharkhand.Sources in the CBI said the cases reviewed by the special director included alleged horse trading in the Rajya Sabha election, disproportionate assets case against former chief minister Madhu Koda and his cabinet colleague and scam in approval of building plans by the Ranchi Regional Development Authority (RRDA).Ali also reviewed the progress of the case related to irregularity in purchasing equipment by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) and pending fodder scam cases. The CBI has been able to successfully complete more than 40 of the 53 cases filed in the past 16 years since 1996.\"We have been able to make good progress in the horse trading case and are very close to completing investigation in disproportionate assets cases against Koda and his cabinet colleagues. All the cases were reviewed by the special director who gave us some suggestions for expediting the investigation in other cases,\" said an officer.The special director also discussed the problem faced by local CBI offices because of shortage of officers and how investigation is affected. Recently, the Jharkhand high court has asked the CBI to investigate the alleged irregularities in 16 recruitment examinations conducted by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission since formation of the state in November 2000.\"If the local office does not get additional officers, it will be difficult for them to investigate the cases,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14422633", "title": "Mamata non-committal on support to Sangma", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee greeted P A Sangma with a smile and folded hands but there was little else the presidential candidate could take back from a meeting that was considered as good as cancelled till he walked into the Writers' Buildings at 2.05pm on Tuesday.Sangma's arrival with sons James and Conrad \u2014 both NCP legislators in Meghalaya \u2014 ruffled government managers as Mamata had apparently refused to meet him earlier . But the meeting did happen for half an hour at the secretariat. A beaming Sangma told reporters after it he was \"very happy\" and was going to Delhi with \"a lot of hope\" . But Mamata remained non-committal . The official word came from railway minister and Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy, who said, \"Our party will discuss the issue and take a decision at the right time.\"Like UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , Sangma never figured on Mamata's wish list for Rashtrapati Bhavan. The Trinamool chief's candidate of choice was APJ Abdul Kalam , though she had also proposed the names of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former Speaker Somnath Chatterjee . But Sangma has been seeking Mamata's support for the past few weeks, since her rift with the Congress over the candidature of Mukherjee. However, now that the BJP has thrown its weight behind Sangma , the Trinamool is treading with caution.\"I am very happy with the outcome of the meeting. I am going back with a lot of hope. Mamatad i supported has supported me before,\" Sangma told reporters after his meeting with the CM. Sangma doesn't have numbers to beat PranabSangma recalled how she had helped him when he had left the NCP in 2004. Sangma had then merged his faction with the Trinamool. He subsequently joined the NCP but the party, which is a UPA ally and has pledged support to Mukherjee, has now disowned him.Besides the BJP, Sangma has the support of some NDA constituents as well as J Jayalalithaa's AIADMK and Naveen Patnaik's BJD. But these parties don't have the numbers to swing the election in his favour. Sangma currently stands to garner around 30% in the July 19 election. Arithmetically, Mukherjee is well ahead in the contest, with most UPA partners rooting for him along with Left parties like the CPM and Forward Bloc and the JD (U) and the Shiv Sena from the NDA fold. Sangma, who aspires to be India's first tribal President , will file his nomination on Thursday.The arrival of the Sangmas in the city took government managers by surprise. \"We arrived in the city late last night from Hyderabad. We will be back in Delhi today ,\" James Sangma told TOI.The Trinamool Congress , a UPA ally, has kept everyone guessing on supporting Sangma since the high drama in Delhi over Mukherjee's candidature a fortnight ago. When Sangma first sought her support, Mamata was reluctant, saying she couldn't give her word since Kalam was her candidate. Sangma had then asked her if she could support him in case Kalam opted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426658", "title": "How Indian hockey team trains on iPad", "text": "When the Indian hockey team qualified for the London Olympics, Hockey India announced a cash prize of Rs 1,00,000 for each player and Rs 50,000 for the support staff. However, coach Michael Nobbs recommended that each player as well as the support staff be given an Apple iPad . The team agreed with the coach and offered the cash prize to be reduced in lieu of the iPads .Looking at the enthusiasm, Hockey India gave the full cash prize as well as an iPad to each player on the squad. What made Michael Nobbs push for an all-team ownership of the iPad? Nobbs, who is an avid Apple fan, looks at the tablet as a training tool for the team. He stores match videos, reports, replays on the device and uses the tablet for drawing up game plays as well as strategies. Chennai-based Sports Mechanics, a sports performance analytics firm, provides analysis and detailed reports of various matches and players to Nobbs, who then looks at them on the go on his iPad.Apple apps He uses apps such as 'AVPlayer HD' that enable videos and replays to be played in slow motion for analysis, 'iPlayBook Field Hockey HD' for drawing match plays and strategy plans as well as 'GoodReader for iPad' - a PDF reader with annotations support that allows Nobbs to highlight elements in various files/ reports.In team meetings, Nobbs just connects his iPad to a television using a standard HDMI cable and shares training videos, drills and plays with the squad members. Now, with each member of the team having an iPad, Nobbs is not limited to the team meetings for sharing data and ideas. He can easily share things with the team members using mail or Wi-Fi transfer from anywhere and each player can then access it on his personal iPad.Other than being an Apple fan, Nobbs chose the iPad as, according to him, when it comes to technology, the iPad is capable of doing 95 per cent of the things they would do on a laptop, without adding to the bulk. No virus to worry about, simple to use, plethora of apps, portability, ease of sharing and a fantastic camera for video recording were other reasons for preferring the Apple tablet over others.Other games worth playing As for the players, all of them love the device and have adapted to it quickly. Other than training, they use it for mails, multimedia, gaming, scanning/ storing documents and browsing the internet. As they have the Wi-Fi + 3G iPad variants, almost all the players and the coach himself, uses an MTNL 3G connection for connectivity on the go. The reason behind opting for an MTNL connection is its pan-India coverage, great pricing plans and excellent data speeds, says Nobbs. The players also use the iPad in conjunction with Seagate's Satellite wireless drive to share and transfer content amongst each other.VR Raghunath, India's drag flick expert, chipped in, \"We are all techie people. Apart from the iPad, everyone on the team uses one or the other variant of the Apple iPhone.\" The only thing that Nobbs does not like about the iPad is the device's 4mm grid size of the capacitive touch sensor. According to him, it would be better to have a smaller grid size so that it is easier to write on the tablet with precision.Going ahead, Nobbs said he would like to introduce other connected technologies to the team such as heart rate monitors and GPS trackers that connect to the iPad and let him track the performance and condition of the players instantly, once they become available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14422518", "title": "Traitor tag for forced abortion couple", "text": "BEIJING: China's one-child policy came under fire from the country's internet users when the father of a baby, who was forcibly aborted in Shaanxi province, went into hiding. The incident came as an embarrassment to the Shaanxi government with reports saying the father was beaten up by people angry with his decision to abort the baby. His wife was labelled a traitor.Feng Jianmei, a 23-yearold mother, was forced by officials to terminate her seven-month old pregnancy in early June causing outrage with tens of thousands of angry postings by Chinese internet users.Internet users pointed out that Feng Jianmei suffered humiliation because of her failure to pay hefty fines. The government policy is seen to be favouring the rich because a family coughing up roughly $6,286 is allowed to have a second child.What angered local officials were interviews given to the foreign media by the dead baby's parents. Officials were quick to dub them as \"traitors\" saying the family was giving a \"bad name to the country.\"\"We are already heartbroken from losing the baby. How did we become traitors ?\" Deng Jicai, the baby's father's sister, said. Discussing the interview with foreign media Jicai said the family did not seek to benefit from the story. \"My sister-inlaw mainly stated what she had experienced,\" she said.The city government in Shaanxi has suspended the three officials accused of forcing Feng to abort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14460094", "title": "Actor Pawan Singh's new avatar", "text": "Singer turned actor Pawan Singh is all set to reveal his new avatar in Rakhela Shaan Bhojpuriya Jawan. The actor will be seen flaunting his toned body in this upcoming Bhojpuri flick.A self confessed ardent Sunny Deol fan, Pawan always wanted to shape up himself like Sunny and finally with Rakhela Shaan Bhojpuriya Jawan he got the chance to realise his dream.And not just that, Pawan, who already is a renowned singer in Bhojpuri music scene will debut as a music director with Rakhela Shaan Bhojpuriya Jawan . He said that good music is pivotal for the success of any song and he always wanted to make music. However, the actor said that singing is still his first love.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14422620", "title": "De-addiction seekers on the rise", "text": "LUDHIANA: Rahul Khanna (name changed), a 27-year-old businessman of BRS Nagar found it tough to control his habit of taking about 40 spasmo proxyvon pain killer tablets after picking it up at the age of 24. On the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, Rahul is at the de-addiction centre of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), fighting his habit to get rid of it.While the United Nations is observing the day this year under the theme, \"Global action for healthy communities without drugs,\" there are addicts in city's de-addiction centers who have lost a lot to their habit of abusing pharmaceutical drugs.\"I get irritated and feel a lot of pain when I don't get these pain killers. Even my family life has been suffering after my marriage due to this addiction of mine,\" says Rahul, who is also at the risk of damaging his kidneys if he continues to abuse tablets.Associate professor of psychiatry at DMCH Dr Navkiran Mahajan says, \"We receive about 5-6 cases of drug addiction per day, which mostly involve addicts of pain killers, cough syrups and sedatives.\"\"A majority of the addicts seeking help are in the 15-30 years age group, whereas those above 40 years are chiefly addicted to sedatives. About 90% drug addicts are male,\" says Dr Mahajan.Gaurav Kapoor (name changed), a 19-year-old BCom student from Model Town got hooked to cough syrups while spending time among his peer group about a year ago.He started having a bottle a day initially and ended up taking as many as 15 bottles a day, just a year later. In Gaurav's case, a friend came to his help by informing his parents about his addiction, who then put him at the de-addiction centre in DMCH.Associate professor of psychiatry at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) Dr Sandeep Kumar Goel, who handles drug abuse de-addiction cases at the psychiatry ward, says, \"The rise in drug abuse among youths is evident, but the bright side is that many are turning up for de-addiction now.\"The first step in de-addiction is detoxification of the addict, followed by his rehabilitation and relapse prevention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14422586", "title": "Police walk Ludhiana markets to check miscreants", "text": "LUDHIANA: To keep a check on increasing incidents of eve-teasing and brawls in prominent city markets, the city police initiated an operation on Tuesday evening at Sarabha Nagar market, Gol Market, Model Town Extension and Ghumar Mandi. About 150-200 policemen went from market to market, tightening the noose on people consuming alcohol in their vehicles in the market, eve-teasers, wrong parking and other miscreants.The operation involved traffic police department, PCR cops, cops from respective police stations and the commando force. It commenced from Sarabha Nagar market and ended at Ghumar Mandi.Though surprised by the presence of cops in such numbers, residents felt the initiative would discourage miscreants and snatchers in the markets, apart from keeping people from drinking on the roads.Civil Lines resident Pawan Kumar says such an operation would help enforce law and order situation in the city. \"It would create a fear in miscreants' minds,\" he adds.Amit Joshi from Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar believes crimes like snatching would register a fall due to such operations. People consuming liquor openly on city roads is another nuisance that will be controlled, he adds.\"I was surprised and worried when I saw so many cops in the market, but when I came to know about the purpose of their presence, I felt relaxed. This would control crime against women and make us feel secure,\" says Sarabha Nagar resident Amandeep Kaur.Assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Naveen Singla and SHO (traffic) Beant Juneja led the operation on Tuesday. Singla says they even laid check posts in the city as part of this operation and searched suspicious persons thoroughly. Commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Ishwar Singh says the objective of this operation is to maintain law and order in the city and it would continue, so that they could crush the morale of miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419768", "title": "Lonavla police crack Rs 6L theft case within 24 hours", "text": "PUNE: The Lonavla city police on Tuesday solved a Rs 5.98-lakh theft case within 24 hours following the arrest of three suspects.The suspects Raj Prasad Pandey (30), Santosh Laxman Tripathi (28) and Rajesh Tejbhanprasad Kushwah (19), all from Madhya Pradesh, had stolen a cash box containing Rs 5.98 lakh from a mall during the early hours of Monday. The police arrested the trio on Tuesday morning.The police have recovered the entire cash from the suspects, who had hidden the cash box in the Raiwood Park area in Lonavla, as they could not open it.Inspector Vishnu Pawar said that the authorities of the mall lodged a complaint of theft on Monday morning. \"The office of the mall was in the basement. The suspects had entered the basement and broke the windows of the room in which the cash box had been kept,\" Pawar said.The CCTV footage showed movements of three men near the basement, Pawar said. \"One man's face was clearly visible. We showed the footage to the agency which has provided security to the mall. The agency officials identified the person as Raj Pandey, who had worked at the mall,\" Pawar said. \"Later, we managed to ascertain the identity of the other two suspects.\"Pawar said he sent a police team to Kalyan and another to Pune to check the railway stations. \"During investigations, we found that the suspects were at Bund Garden in Pune. By the time our team reached there, the suspects had gone to Loni Kalbhor,\" Pawar said.\"On Monday night we got information that the suspects had returned to Kanhe Phata near Lonavla. We started searching the rented houses in the area and on Tuesday morning, we managed to nab them,\" Pawar said.During interrogation the suspects admitted to their involvement in the theft and also revealed that they had hidden the cash box at Raiwood Park, as they could not open it, Pawar said. \"They had planned to leave Maharashtra with the cash box on Tuesday evening,\" he added.All the three suspects were working as security guards and Pandey and Kushwah had worked at the mall itself, Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14425876", "title": "HC sends minor girl to protection home, permits boyfriend to see her", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court had to separate a couple because they were not of marriageable age. However, the court sent the minor girl to Woman's Protection Home and permitted her lover to see her till the girl attains majority. The court permitted them to meet each other because the girl threatened to commit suicide at a proposal of separation.A 17-year old girl from the city eloped with her 20-year old neighbour, Kanu Prajapati, who is a labourer. The girl's parents were against this union and tried hard to bring the daughter back, but when all efforts failed, they moved the HC last month by filing a habeas corpus petition saying that Prajapati had illegally detained her. On the HC's instructions, cops traced the couple and brought them before the court. A division bench had a word with the girl and came to know that the boy, who was facing jail on charges of kidnapping, had actually accompanied her on her insistence only.The court then tried to explain the girl that since she was a minor, it was advisable that she should stay with her natural guardian - her father. This advice incensed her and she threatened to commit suicide, if separated from her boyfriend with whom she had married in a temple though the marriage was not registered.When the court was convinced that the girl was reluctant to go with her father, they ordered to send the girl to a city-based protection house till she turns 18. The court also said that by then, the boy would also become of marriageable age.The court said, \"In our view also admitting the corpus to Nari Saurakshan Gruh is the only viable option both legally and socially. This will provide her some solitude and sometime to think about her action in retrospect. This will free her from the influence of affection or prejudices.\" The court, however, thought it fit to make a provision by which the boy can meet the girl, whenever she feels so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419877", "title": "Awareness low on spirometry in Pune: Survey", "text": "PUNE: Only 7% of Puneites are aware about spirometry, a lung function test that plays a crucial role in timely detection of progressive respiratory illnesses like chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma, a survey has said. Conducted in 24 cities across the country, including Pune, the survey's results show the dismal state of awareness about spirometry in the country.As opposed to this, 97% of the people surveyed in Pune were aware about sonography and 88% knew what electrocardiograms were (ECG).\"According to the questionnaire-based survey conducted last week by the Chest Research Foundation (CRF), 89% of Indians had never heard of spirometry,\" said physician Monica Barne of the CRF. The three-day survey was conducted in major cities in Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh.\"In contrast almost 70% of the respondents knew what an ECG is. This is despite the fact that the number of patients suffering from chronic respiratory diseases (asthma and COPD), is much more than those with diabetes, heart diseases and strokes put together, according to a report published in a leading medical journal in India,\" said chest physician Sundeep Salvi, founder-director of CRF.Barne said, \"In the survey, about 51% were aware of sonography, but were unaware about spirometry. Considering that nearly 26% of these people were smokers, almost 16% had chronic breathlessness and chronic coughs, and 12% had wheezes, spirometry would have helped all of them immensely. Even among those who were diagnosed patients of asthma or COPD, only about 53% had heard about spirometry.\"About half a million people die every year due to COPD in India, which is over four times the number in USA and Europe.According to a report published by the Maharashtra State Health Resource Centre in March 2010, COPD is the leading cause of death in the state, causing more deaths than ischemic heart disease, stroke and diabetes together.A report published by the National Centre for Macroeconomics and Health puts the estimated economic loss due to COPD in India at around Rs 35,000 crore. This is higher than the total budget of the ministry of health and family welfare of India, which during 2010-11 was Rs 25,154 crore.Awareness about the technique is low even among doctors. \"Spirometry is poorly taught in medical colleges. Hence most doctors believe that it is not an essential test,\" Salvi said.Doctors also continue to believe that spirometry is expensive, difficult to conduct and that its interpretation requires special expertise. It is actually as easy to conduct and interpret as an ECG and sonography, he added.Highlights* The three-day study was a questionnaire-based survey* Respondents were asked simple questions, such as whether they had respiratory symptoms, a history of smoking and if they had been diagnosed with asthma or COPD. They were also asked if they had heard about ECG, sonography or spirometry and if they had ever had their spirometry done.* Questionnaires were administered to laypersons at bus stands, near temples, amongst relatives and friends, outside pharmacies and hospitals, and on telephone.* Pune numbers: 97% were aware of sonography, 88% knew about ECG. Only 7% know about spirometry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14426310", "title": "Pakistan SC piles pressure on new PM to revive graft cases against president", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Piling up pressure on new Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf , Pakistan Supreme Court on Wednesday asked him to respond by July 12 to its order to reopen graft cases in Switzerland against President Asif Ali Zardari, an issue that had cost his predecessor his job.A three-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk reminded attorney general Irfan Qadir that former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani had been convicted for contempt and sentenced for refusing to act on the apex court's orders to revive the corruption cases.The bench said in a brief order that it expected the new premier would act on the court's directives.The judges asked the attorney general to consult the prime minister and inform the court of his stance at the next hearing on July 12.Ashraf, a close aide of the ruling PPP chief Zardari, became Prime Minister after Gilani was disqualified by the apex court on June 19 following his conviction for contempt.Gilani had been convicted and given a symbolic sentence on April 26 after he refused to act on the apex court's repeated orders to approach Swiss authorities to reopen the corruption cases against Zardari.Gilani had contended that the government could not act as the President enjoyed immunity in Pakistan and abroad.Shortly after assuming office, Ashraf said on Sunday that the PPP had made it clear that it would not write a letter to Swiss authorities to reopen the cases against Zardari.He said there was no difference between him and Gilani on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427464", "title": "'Edavapathy' shoot in Nepal delayed", "text": "The movie crew of Lenin Rajendran's movie Edavapathy is waiting to move to Nepal to shoot scenes featuring monks and monasteries.However, a source informs us that the climatic condition there is not favourable for the shoot. \"It is too cold in Nepal and we are waiting for the ice to melt so that we can resume the shoot,\" says the source. The first schedule of the movie featuring Bollywood star Manisha Koirala was held in Munnar. After the shoot in Nepal, the crew will can a few scenes in Chitradurga and Coorg.The movie is set for a September release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14420190", "title": "Metro Man spells out money side of monorail project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Tuesday spelled out in detail how the funds will be raised for the Rs 1,991 crore Kozhikode monorail project. E Sreedharan, principal adviser, DMRC, said that around 40% of the project cost could be raised through supplier credit from overseas firms.At an interaction meeting with city's engineers, he said the DMRC has suggested in its detailed project report that the state government should bear the complete land cost and contribute 50% of taxes and duties along with 20% of the project cost. The report also envisages a Central government contribution of 50% of taxes along with 20% of the project completion cost.\"The remaining 40% of the project cost can be brought in through suppliers' credit as lot of things, like the trains, the signal system and the traction, has to come from abroad,\" Sreedharan said adding that the state government has accepted the recommendations of the report in toto and has entrusted the project to the DMRC on a turnkey basis.He said the DMRC has set the target of September 2015 for the final commissioning of the project. Sreedharan said that though monorail is not a very ideal transport system for big cities, it will be ideal for Kozhikode due to the city's size and the heavily built up nature and narrow roads in the city.Explaining the features of the monorail, Sreedharan said that the train will run at an average speed of 33 kmph and would cover the 14km distance from Medical College to Meenchanda in 24 minutes, stopping at each of the 15 stations for 20 seconds each.Sreedharan also held discussions with senior railway officials on setting up a monorail station in the railway station premises. The DMRC had proposed Kozhikode railway station as one of the 15 stops for the monorail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418364", "title": "'India Inc's Q1 revenue growth to hit 6-quarter low'", "text": "MUMBAI: India Inc is expected to see a sharp slowdown in revenue growth during the current quarter, growing at 14%, the slowest in the last six quarters, compared to 17.5% during April-June 2011. The main reasons for the slowdown are the moderation in demand during the current quarter, the general slowdown in the economic activity and also in gross fixed investments, a report by Crisil Research noted.\"EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) margins are projected to decline by 100-150 basis points (bps) on a year-on-year basis to around 19-20%, but remain flat compared to Jan-Mar 2012 (Q4 FY12),\" the report pointed out.The revenue outlook for the full year 2012-13 (FY13) is also not so good as there are indications that it would grow at a pace slower than what was witnessed in FY12, that is lower than 16.7%, unless investments pick up. On the margin front, however, export-driven sectors like pharmaceuticals and IT companies would see some margin expansion, along with the telecom sector, which is purely domestic market focused.Crisil Research also noted that there is a sharp deceleration in investment cycle, as investments in fixed assets are currently at the lowest level in the last five years. \"At about 13%, growth in capex is the lowest in the last five years, reflecting investment slowdown. Deceleration in investment has lowered depreciation charges to a 10-year low,\" the report pointed out. Crisil analysts also are not expecting the investment cycle to pick up soon because of three reasons. These are the current economic uncertainty and the flux in the Eurozone, continued policy logjam, delays in approvals and clearances, land acquisition related issues etc, and some likely delay in moderation of interest rates due to high fiscal deficit and inflation.India Inc's interest coverage, the ratio of EBIDTA to interest expenses, is also at the lowest level in the last three years, because of high interest rates and margin pressures.\"Financial stress in visible in textiles, shipping, real estate , airlines, telecom infrastructure, secondary steel producers,\" Crisil Research noted. \"Rising defaults and NPAs/restructured assets corroborate the stress,\" it noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419162", "title": "Aide of gangster Bhanu Kiran held", "text": "HYDERABAD: An aide of gangster Bhanu Kiran was arrested by Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials in connection with the murder of faction lord Maddelacheruvu Suri on Tuesday.CID officials said Vamshidhar Reddy, who hails from Kadapa district, helped Bhanu by providing a two-wheeler, which he used to flee the city after murdering Suri. Vamshidhar confessed that he did not know anything about the conspiracy and only provided the bike to Bhanu. He was held under section 212 (harbouring offender) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418685", "title": "Tatkare Junior holds stake in mega redevelopment project", "text": "MUMBAI: Aniket Tatkare, the 29-year-old son of state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, is a partner in a big-ticket realty project in south Mumbai. TOI has learned that the young entrepreneur, who runs a diversified business empire, holds a stake in a redevelopment project at Cumballa Hill along with Orbit Corporation, a prominent real estate firm.Pandey House, opposite Cumballa Hill hospital, comprises three buildings on a half-acre prime plot in an area where property prices are around Rs 40,000 a square foot. Orbit officials said the redevelopment is expected to generate a revenue of Rs 200 crore for the developers.Aniket's dealings in over two dozen companies and stakes in property, hotel, financial services and agro business, have raised eyebrows in political circles. A Thane activist filed a public interest litigation in the Bombay high court against the minister and sought a Central Bureau of Investigation probe into the family's assets on Monday.Over the past two weeks, TOI has carried reports about the land holdings and companies owned by the minister's family and close associates. The large tracts of agriculture land are mainly in Raigad district, the Tatkares' political stronghold.In February 2002, Orbit, a leading player in Mumbai's property redevelopment market, acquired Mazda Construction Co, a little-known firm. The deal pushed up Orbit's stock, but came across as an innocuous transaction of a real estate company buying a closely-held firm. The story, though reported by the media, overlooked the presence of a powerful shareholder in Mazda: Aniket became a director on June 15, 2009. As of September 2011, Aniket held a 33% stake in Mazda, which is undertaking the Pandey House redevelopment project. A source close to the Tatkares said Aniket's investments are legitimate.An Orbit spokesperson confirmed Aniket's stake through his company, Multiventure Properties Pvt Ltd. \"Aniket invested Rs 5.5 lakh and agreed to take over Mazda's liability by paying an additional Rs 56 lakh,'' the spokesperson said. \"In return, Aniket was offered a 33% share with the understanding that Orbit would incrementally make further investments in the redevelopment project,'' he added.\"Subsequently, Orbit pumped Rs 16 crore into the project, reducing Aniket's stake to 2%,'' the spokesperson said. Pandey House, near Pedder Road in south Mumbai, had 40 commercial and residential tenants. Eighteen moved out permanently and 22 opted for rehabilitation on the plot. Each tenant occupied over 3,000 sq ft apartments. Orbit said the redevelopment will allow it to sell 50,000 sq ft at market rates, while the remaining area will be used to rehouse tenants free of cost.Aniket's Multiventure Properties, which bought a stake in Mazda Constructions, showed an accumulated loss of over Rs 2 lakh, but sold 35,600 shares (face value of Rs 10 each) at a premium of Rs 490 per share in September 2009. It collected around Rs 2 crore. Seven months later, on April 30, 2010, the shares were bought back by Tatkare's associate companies, AppleBerry Agro Tech and Bay Tree AgriFarms, at Rs 10 per share for a total of Rs 3.56 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419452", "title": "Family meets Jagan Mohan Reddy in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was more than just a family meeting for Y S Jaganmohan Reddy in the Chanchalguda jail on Tuesday during 'mulaqat'. It was time to take some crucial political decisions as well by the YSR Congress president and his mother Y Vijayamma, MLA and honorary president of the party.Apart from Vijayamma, Jagan's wife Bharathi and brother-in-law Anil Kumar met Jagan for nearly one and half hours.The YSR Congress' support has been sought by UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee and NDA-backed Sangma in their bid for the country's top post. After his bid to have a 'mulaqat' in jail with Jagan failed on Monday, Sangma met Vijayamma. A few days ago, MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi had met Jagan to seek support for Pranab Mukherjee.It is learnt that the presidential election figured prominently in the discussions between Jagan and his mother Vijayamma. For practically a week, his family could not meet Jagan. It was on June 20 that the family met him without Vijayamma and thereafter the prison authorities said no more 'mulaqats' as their quota of three for a week had been used. This week, Jagan is entitled to two mulaqats, and possibly another, if the jail authorities allow using their discretion.According to prison sources, Jagan's face glowed with satisfaction seeing his family. In fact, Jagan was so keen to get out of the four walls of the prison that he had sought the CBI court's permission to be produced before it in person instead of hearing the case through videoconferencing. But the plea was rejected.The meeting of the family with Jagan in the jail was unusually long and after coming out of the prison, they refused to speak to the waiting media and drove away.Later in the evening, actor-director Posani Krishnamurali also went to the Chanchalguda jail to meet Jagan but it is learnt that he was not allowed to meet him. It may be mentioned here that Posani had earlier sailed with Chiranjeevi when the Praja Rajyam Party (PRP) was launched but subsequently distanced himself from the actor. Former MP Ravindra Naik and former MLA Pratap Reddy also visited Jagan in the jail.Former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana also had visitors in the jail on Tuesday. Three MLAs G Ravi Kumar (Matur), Mastan Wali (Guntur) and Ugranarasimha Reddy (Kanigiri) met him.Both Jagan and Mopidevi are lodged in the jail as undertrials in what has come to be known as the Jagan assets case being probed by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14422905", "title": "Officer given corporal punishment in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: An agriculture extension officer, who has just two years of service left, was asked by his senior officer to bend on his knees (murga) for 15 minutes. The incident took place in Damoh district of Madhya Pradesh on Tuesday evening. BD Prajapati, 58, was asked to remain in murga position by deputy director (agriculture) Rajesh Tripathi for full 15 minutes, without fail.Till the corporal punishment was banned in schools in India, the murga pose used to be one of the most popular forms of punishments for students. It involved bending of your body forward and putting your hands between the legs from behind and catching the ears.\"I am yet to recover from the shock. It was insulting,\" said the officer who is to retire in 2014.\"At 5.30 pm, when the office work had just got over, I approached Tripathi ji with a problem of farmer. He was seemingly furious and asked me to come to his chamber. When I reached there, he threatened me to suspend and asked me to become murga,\" Prajapati explained, adding he also shouted badly at him. \"Never in my 35 years of service, I was insulted by any officer like that,\" the 58-year-old government officer rued.However, when contacted, Tripathi denied to have taken place any such incident taking place at the agriculture office located on the collectorate premises. \"Aisa kuch nahi hua,\" he said, adding this is all baseless.\"I did rebuke him for not being with the farmers during the sowing season. If you try to change the system, you are bound to face such situations. I am trying to improve their efficiency and hence facing the protest,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420588", "title": "Private schools' federation threatens to join KUSMA", "text": "BANGALORE:Private school federations on Tuesday asked the government to convene a meeting of all school managements and discuss the RTE issues threadbare.\"If our demands are not met, we will be forced to join KUSMA in their protest, which means that our member-schools numbering 400 will be shut from July 16 to 22,\" said Shashi Kumar, organizing secretary, Karnataka State Private School Management Federation.Reacting to minority unaided schools' argument, Shashi Kumar said: \"It is not only minority unaided sc8h8ools who have the right to have th8eir own framework, but even other private unaided institutions have been provided that liberty by the Constitution. So why exclude only minority unaided institutions from the ambit of RTE.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14422229", "title": "God created Vinoo Mankad to entertain", "text": "Institutions are made of individuals. But some individuals have such personalities that they themselves become institutions. They become a mark in themselves, a persona so gigantic that the world looks up to them as a principle for success.Indian cricket, sadly, has produced very few great all-rounders who have made the game richer by their presence. But there can't be two opinions that if we form a team of Indian all-rounders, Vinoo Mankad has to be its leader.In 233 first-class matches, he scored 11,591 runs and took 782 wickets. In 1952 at Lord's, it was a Vinoo Mankad show and in 1955, along with Pankaj Roy, he had a record opening-wicket partnership of 413 runs. A look at his career and one will realise that no other Indian all-rounder, except Kapil Dev, can match his performance.Vinoo bhai, as he was affectionately called, was indeed an institution in himself. God created Vinoo bhai to entertain the masses by dissecting all that the game has.Batting, bowling and fielding ran in his veins. There can be coaches and gurus, but no one can teach you how to perform. Whether batting or bowling, he always had a trick up his sleeve. But the important thing was, that if he ever failed, he always set out to find what went wrong without letting ego come in the way.Against the Australians on the tour of 1948, Mankad had scored 67 &amp; 22 against New South Wales, and 0, 7, 5 &amp; 5 in the first two Tests. It was Ray Lindwall who had got him out on all the six occasions. At a cocktail party before the third Test, he shrewdly volunteered to serve alcohol to Lindwall. When Lindwall was in the right mood to converse, Mankad innocently asked, \"Can I ask you something? How are you able to get me out in every inning?\" Lindwall laughed and said, \"You need to curtail your back swing. Your bat is late on the yorker.\"Mankad thanked him and two days later, scored 116. In the last Test, he scored 111. Batting during the third Test, every time he hit Lindwall for a boundary, he would sarcastically ask: \"Is my bat coming down in time on your yorker?\"As a bowler who played in an era of great batsmen, his average shows efficiency. On the Australian tour, he bowled long spells of eight-ball overs. Former Australian player and prolific writer, Jack Fingleton, compared him to England's Headly Verity. In the late 1980s, the biggies got together to debate on who really was the best Indian all-rounder . Someone compared Vinoo bhai to another spinner all-rounder.The argument heated up, with two panelists taking up opposite sides. Both were hell-bent that they were right.In the middle of all this drama, reputed coach Vasu Paranjape quietly piped in: \"One of you need to whisper in the ears of the other all-rounder and ask him whether he would have been able to take wickets of the likes of Bradman, Hutton, Hammond, Weekes, Worrell and Walcott, and his facial expression will indicate everything.\"The argument was immediately settled; everyone knew who the winner was.Shrewd as he was, Vinoo bhai's situation-reading skills can be explained from an incident when Bombay conceded a 59-run lead to Hyderabad, which had the likes of Jaisimha, Pataudi, Abid Aili, Abbas Ali Baig and Kenia Jayantilal in its ranks. At the end of the third day, Bombay were only 140 runs ahead and a win seemed impossible. When skipper Ashok Mankad went home, Vinoo Bhai discussed the strategy.There was silence for 15 minutes . Suddenly Vinoo bhai, in a colourful language which could be understood only by those who knew him well, told Ashok: \"Bat for an hour tomorrow and declare. Bombay will win.\"Ashok didn't seem convinced, but didn't had the guts to argue with his father. On the fourth day, he declared at 275 for 4, an hour after start of play. Hyderabad needed 216 in 80 overs but were bundled out for 146, thanks to some brilliant bowling by Tandon (six wickets) and Shivalkar (four wickets). Vinoo bhai had plotted the downfall of Hyderabad batsmen sitting at home!Seldom do we come across people who make us stop and think, people who we look at with wonder and awe. They stand out in life, making our lives look trivial.People like Vinoo Mankad come rarely. And when they do, they transform the lives of everyone who comes across them. They show us how much we are yet to achieve in our lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418548", "title": "Man from POK appeals to HC to return home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 27-year-old man, who claims to have wandered into India from POK when he was nine years old, has filed a petition in the Bombay high court seeking \"repatriation\" to Pakistan as he is apparently facing \"severe mental trauma and social stigma\" in the absence of a proper nationality.Through lawyer Ejaz Naqvi, Siraj Khan from Wadala (East) filed the application, which is likely to come up for hearing on Wednesday. According to Khan, he was born in 1985 at Manshera in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. With his parents insisting that he should attend school regularly, Khan ran away from home, when he was in Class II. He caught a train, which took him to Attari border where he saw some people crossing the \"iron grill\" (line of control) and joined them, Khan said. Eventually he reached Delhi in December 1995 and after about 10 days, he managed to make his way to Varanasi where he worked as a waiter in a restaurant; subsequently, he arrived in Mumbai. But in 1998, when Khan tried to go back to Pakistan (POK), he was caught by a ticket examiner at Ahmedabad railway station who handed him over to the police. He had to spend a year in a juvenile home in Ahmedabad, before he was released in 1999.After that, Khan said, he again came back to Mumbai, where he lived on the road and worked in a catering business. After saving up, he again made an attempt to return to Pakistan, but at Wagha Border, the authorities reportedly denied him entry and even threatened him.Disillusioned, he came back to Mumbai where he got married to a resident, Sajida, in 2005. The couple have three children. Desperate to go back home, Khan said in July 2009, he started visiting the CID office but he was handed over to the police and arrested under the Passport Act and the Foreign Citizen Act. In January 2010, the Bhoiwada court granted him bail and a chargesheet was filed.Khan claimed no one here was ready to give him a job and the only way he could live with dignity was to return to Pakistan where he could join his father's tea business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14425004", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to meet AP Legislative Assembly Cong members on July 1", "text": "HYDERABAD: UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee will have a meeting with the Congress members of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly here on July 1, party sources said.He will meet with the Congress MLAs, MLCs and MPs at Jubilee Hall here.The Congress Legislature Party (CLP) has sent a communication to all its legislators to attend the meeting without fail, the sources said.Congress has a strength of 155 in the 294-member House. The city-based Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM), which has a strength of seven MLAs, has announced support for Mukherjee's candidature.Main opposition Telugu Desam-86, Yuvajana Sramika Rythu Congress Party of Kadapa MP Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy (YSRCP)-17 and Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS)-17 are yet to announce their decision on whom to support in the presidential poll.NDA's presidential nominee P A Sangma sought the support of TDP, TRS and also YSRCP for his candidature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14418785", "title": "Kvitova breaks the Akgul barrier at Wimbledon", "text": "LONDON: Petra Kvitova likes to leave her crinkly, honey-brown locks loose when she isn't hitting a tennis ball. It isn't set to any particular style, but allowed to spill around her shoulder in careless fashion, a reflection of her easy-going attitude.The 22-year-old world no.4, who described herself as 'friendly and happy', however, had a difficult start to her title defence on Wimbledon's Centre Court.Drawn to play the powerfully built Uzbek Akgul Amanmuradova in the opening round, the charming Czech with a sunshine personality struggled with early nerves, faltering on her serve to fall back 1-4. Amanmuradova, 6 ft 3, ranked 96 in the world and 28 years of age, raced to a 4-1 lead. It took some stubborn play from the champion then to pull off a 6-4, 6-4 win in 81-minutes.Kvitova, ranked No .4 in the world, dug in. She attacked the towering Uzbek's serve in the seventh game of the opening set, a blistering forehand return followed by a two-handed backhand that had Amanmuradova scrambling on the baseline. Kvitova, from Fulnek, where she trains in the same club as Tomas Berdych, broke serve before levelling scores at 4-4 and serving out the set in the tenth game.Just when it looked like the 2011 champion had the match locked, the skies opened up at 5-3 and deuce in the second set, forcing the players off the court for a little more than 30-minutes. When play resumed it was all about serves. The Uzbek sent down two near-winners to pull back at 4-5, but Kvitova was merciless on her serve, for the first time showing glimpses of the girl/woman, who won the title here 12 months ago.In the afternoon Serena Williams, however, held her wits to come through 6-2, 6-4 against Czech Barbora Zahlavova Strycova. In other matches, 12th-seeded Russian Vera Zvonareva put out German Mona Barthel 2-6, 7-6 (7-3) 6-4; 24th seed Francesca Schiavone beat the local hope in the women's draw Laura Robson 2-6, 6-4, 6-4.Among the men, French fifth-seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga blasted past former champion Aussie Lleyton Hewitt 6-3, 6-4, 6-4; Belgium's David Goffin put out temperamental Aussie Bernard Tomic 3-6, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4; Ukraine's Alexandr Dolgopolov beat Russian Alex Bogomolov 6-3, 6-4, 7-5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14426656", "title": "CIC directs govt to disclose information on Afzal Guru mercy petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission ( CIC) has directed the home ministry to disclose file notings and correspondence related to the mercy petitions of all death row convicts including Afzal Guru .Giving the order information commissioner Sushma Singh asked the home ministry to provide information of mercy petitions related to all convicts (pending and disposed) after Devindersingh Khullar and Mahendernath Dass.The order was based on a RTI application filed by activists S C Agrawal and Venkatesh Nayak. According to the decision the ministry will give file notings not forming of the ministerial advice to the President of India after severing all names and other references regarding the identities of the public servants regarding those file notings and making those correspondence.The CPIO has also been asked to disclose the copies of the correspondence made from time to time in connection with the mercy petitions except those, which in his opinion should not be disclosed being exempt in terms of section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act.However, the official will have to pass a speaking order if He decides to withhold some of the correspondence. The CC has also said Agrawal would be free to appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419333", "title": "More skeletons fall out of Narvekar's cupboard", "text": "PANAJI: The two-member committee investigating into financial and administrative malpractices of the Goa Cricket Association will nail former president Dayanand Narvekar hard, but several other managing committee members remain gripped with anxiety.Chetan Desai and Anil Lavandis have almost completed their probe into the affairs of the GCA and will submit their report to the state registration department on Friday.\"It is a foregone conclusion that Narvekar will be at the receiving end. All of his alleged wrongdoings have been nailed and documented but along with Narvekar, several other members will also go down,\" said a source who is in the know of things.\"Many office bearers have reaped benefits either through their 'contacts' or relatives. Only the degree of benefits varies,\" said the source.According to the source who is privy to the detailed investigations, the committee has unearthed several malpractices including the use of GCA staff by the former president, use of cars by him and his family members and, till date, by some of the executive committee members.\"The GCA has four cars and all of them were being put to personal use. Almost Rs 70,000 was spent on fuel every month and there were no checks and balances,\" the source said, adding that Rs 12.5 lakh was withdrawn from the bank as petty cash to spend on ground staff.\"There is a gymnasium in Mapusa which is allegedly run by a family member of Narvekar. Here the GCA's gym instructor and physio worked for close to a year and the association paid for their salaries. Besides the GCA paid Rs 20,000 per month to the gymnasium for services. Surprisingly, none of the cricketers used the gymnasium,\" said the source.One of the dirtiest secret in Goan cricket has also been blown by an influential member. The GCA, according to the member, were forced to pay Rs 11 lakh after one of the franchisee -- owing allegiance to the former president -- defaulted and did not deposit the player payments in GCA's account.\"The GCA paid for the franchisee's default,\" said the member.The missing link in the controversy over the Rs 1.26 crore in-stadia advertising rights for the last ODI between India and Australia has also been uncovered.\"The consultants for the stadium at Tivim were appointed directly by Narvekar. The terms and conditions were discussed by him.\"Narvekar personally identified all the contractors, subcontractors, suppliers of all materials and he negotiated the rate with them in his individual capacity and later used to direct the managing committee members to implement his proposal by appointing his personnel in key works of GCA,\" said the member.The member has not spared Narvekar's wife, Sushma, either.\"Sushma was incharge of all women's teams and she used to totally dictate terms by appointing coaches, trainers, physios of her choice,\" the member said in his written submission to the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14422457", "title": "Pakistan PM may be quizzed over scam", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities are still probing a multi-billion rupee scam involving private power projects and could summon Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf, who held the power portfolio when some of the projects were cleared, according to a media report published on Tuesday.The National Accountability Bureau, Pakistan's main anti-corruption agency, is pursuing the case involving \"rental power plants\" and no file has been closed. The NAB could summon anyone, including the PM, if he or she is required in the investigation , The News daily quoted an official as saying.\"Yes, the probe is still on and the PM could be summoned . But that would depend on the gravity of situation as the investigation team will decide whether the PM should be summoned in person or whether a questionnaire should be sent to him,\" NAB spokesman Zafar Iqbal Khan said.The team will decide whether the presence of a particular person is required or if a questionnaire could serve the purpose, he said. In the past, NAB had sent a questionnaire to former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani on the issue of the appointment of the head of a state-run firm.The NAB twice interviewed Ashraf before he became the PM last week. On March 30, the supreme court declared all contracts signed by the government for rental power plants as illegal and directed authorities to take legal action against those responsible for clearing the projects, including Ashraf.The SC directed NAB to probe all ministers and government functionaries who played a role in clearing the power projects since 2006 and to submit fortnightly progress reports. Ashraf was power minister when contracts were signed for several rental power projects, which were part of the PPP-led government's strategy to overcome a crippling energy shortage.A two-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry said the power projects were a \"total failure\" as they produced only 120 MW of electricity. The bench said the government had committed illegalities by paying a 14% advance payment of billions of rupees to bidders.Ashraf's home to get a helipadPakistan PM Raja Pervez Ashraf has landed in a controversy after it was reported that a helipad will be built at his private residence in a village in Punjab province, 40 kms from here. Detractors of the Pakistan People's Party-led government have criticized the move in the light of the country's economic woes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418675", "title": "Usendi arrest: Call for Gadchiroli bandh today", "text": "NAGPUR: The arrest of Congress MLA Dr Namdeo Usendi and his two party colleagues in Gadchiroli has angered party workers as well as other residents of the Naxalite-affected district. The Youth Congress and the MLA's supporters have given a call for Gadchiroli bandh and chakka jam on Wednesday.Dr Usendi, who is the first MBBS doctor from Madia tribe of the district, is known to be a soft-spoken person. Because of his high qualification and work among tribals in one of the most backward districts of the country, he has made it to Congress youth icon Rahul Gandhi's inner circle. \"This a sensitive district and if government officials also stop us from working, they are no different from Naxalites blocking development work,\" said Usendi.Having received several complaints from people about irregular working of staff at the zilla parishad office, Usendi, district Congress president Hasan Gilani and tehsil unit president Shankar Salodkar had gone to check the situation. \"When we reached the ZP office at 10.10am, more than half the staff was missing. They are supposed to sign musters by 10.10am. So, I went into the office to check the muster roll,\" Usendi said.\"While I was checking the muster roll, some party workers outside asked those coming in late to wait for some time, to avoid confusion inside. Neither I nor any of my associates ever locked the gates of the ZP office. But we were aghast when a false complaint was lodged by CEO Sumant Bhange against me, Gilani and Salodkar. We have been accused of locking up the office, disrupting work and blocking office staff from carrying out their duties,\" Usendi told TOI on Tuesday.\"More shocking was the haste in which the police acted and registered a non-bailable offence against me. When I called up DSP Suvez Haque, who was out of town, he refused to grant me some time to lead a morcha (protest march) into town. He insisted that I should report to the police station immediately. I was literally treated like a criminal and taken to court, where I had to obtain a bail. All this for trying to address people's grievances about the wrongdoings of ZP staff,\" said Usendi.Accusing the CEO of breaching the privilege of a legislator, Usendi has written to the Speaker of the state legislative assembly as well as the chief minister to apprise them of the incident. The Youth Congress is demanding suspension of CEO Bhange and disciplinary action against staffers who came in late on Monday.If action is not taken within a week, the agitation will be intensified, a Congress leader said. Chimur MLA Vijay Wadettiwar is supporting the agitation against the ZP staff for breaching the MLA's privileges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419446", "title": "Manmohan to take charge of finance ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee resigned as Union finance minister on Tuesday, giving Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a free hand to reorient the key ministry during an economic slowdown while raising the possibility of a larger Cabinet reshuffle in about six weeks from now.Mukherjee submitted his resignation to the prime minister to end his career as Congress leader ahead of filing the nomination for the presidential election for which he is a clear favourite. The PM is expected to retain the ministry in the coming days during which he is widely expected to tweak policies seen as contributing to negative sentiment.Singh replied to Mukherjee's resignation by lavishing praise on the outgoing minister. \"Our government owes a deep debt of gratitude to you for your invaluable contribution to its work over the last eight years,\" he wrote. \"It is a testimony to your extraordinary abilities and your stature in public life that you have carried an onerous range of responsibilities with ease and accomplishment.\"President Pratibha Patil accepted Mukherjee's resignation. The Prime Minister will look after the work of the finance ministry while power minister Sushilkumar Shinde is the likely replacement for Mukherjee's other key role as the leader of the Lok Sabha.The Prime Minister is sure to look at fresh ideas to deal with the slowdown and low market sentiment under Mukherjee's watch. Sources in the government said the PM was not in sync with Mukherjee over how to deal with the sliding economy, but was hamstrung by Mukherjee's clout and seniority as party insider. In fact, the President-in-waiting was never the PM's first choice for the finance ministry but Mukherjee landed the job because of the leadership's preference for a politician.His exit from the government now gives Singh an opportunity to carry out the changes he could not implement so far. However, there are indications that the exacting nature of the job, rendered tougher by the slowdown, may lead him to opt for a full-time finance minister of his choice before the beginning of the monsoon session of Parliament scheduled to begin in a month's time.Many in the party view home minister P Chidambaram as the frontrunner for the vacancy in the finance ministry. But shifting Chidambaram to the finance ministry will create its own set of complications, leaving the leadership with the complicated task of finding a replacement in the politically crucial home ministry. The job, given the looming terror threat, cannot be juggled casually.This can set the stage for a larger Cabinet rejig, a possibility necessitated as much by the likely need to find a fulltime replacement for Mukherjee as by the vacancy triggered by Virbhadra Singh's resignation as small, micro and small enterprises minister on Tuesday over graft charges. There is a view in the Congress that the PM needs to shuffle the pack to revive a business-like perception about his government after the impression of policy paralysis created by anti-corruption campaign of civil society and shocking defeats in assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420837", "title": "Minister gives up controversial land site, back in cabinet", "text": "BANGALORE: A double-quick probe, and an equally double-quick comeback to power. Within 24 hours of advocate general S Vijay Shankar exonerating law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar in an alleged site scam, the latter on Tuesday surrendered the controversial site to the BDA and withdrew his resignation.\"I resigned not to cause any embarrassment to my party. Now, I'm returning to the cabinet since my partymen want me there. I'm very happy the AG cleared me of all charges,'' Kumar told reporters here on Tuesday.It took the AG less than nine hours to give Suresh a clean chit. Around Monday noon, the AG received all documents on the 'G' category BDA site, measuring 4,000sqft and worth Rs 4.8 crore, allotted to Kumar in Rajmahal Vilas III Stage. By late Monday evening, the AG declared Kumar is in the clear.But celebrations may have to wait. S Bhaskaran, the RTI activist who exposed the minister, now plans to take the issue to the high court. \"I can't digest the fact that Kumar has been absolved of charges based on a report from the AG, who is appointed by the government. I plan to file a case in the high court in a day or two. I'm prepared to drag him to the Supreme Court, if necessary,\" Bhaskaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418522", "title": "'VC &amp; team should apologize to students'", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after Nagpur University administration formally admitted the BCCA paper leak, strong reactions are coming asking vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and team to own up moral responsibility and put in their papers for their apparent failure to curb such incidents. Ironically, many such leaks and goof-ups, including accidental leaks, have taken place in the university in the past too, but the officials have managed to keep everything under wraps.Academicians and members on NU's various statutory bodies have severely criticized Sapkal and his team members, including Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, registrar Mahesh Yenkie and Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director Arvind Choudhary for messing up the entire issue and trying to protect the guilty.They were allegedly pressured by a political group led by Dhanwate National College ( DNC) principal Baban Taywade and that included commerce dean Bharat Meghe, science dean KC Deshmukh, and senior academician Eknath Kathale among others. At the Board of Examination (BoE) meeting itself these members allegedly forced VC to withdraw FIR stating that paper was never leaked and media were merely \"guessing\". These members are refusing to comment on the issue.\"NU has badly lost the credibility due to such blunders among students. The administration must fix the responsibility on the concerned officials for leak to bring in more transparency. Such cases and poor decision making had led to numerous sufferings to the students,\" said MLA Devendra Fadnavis who is also a Senate member.Another Senate member, MLC SQ Zama, said, \"It's disgusting on the part of NU administration and even VC that it took them over two months to declare re-exam. Sapkal and his team should either fix the accountability or owe moral responsibility for this blunder that brought much shame to the university.\"He added that he will raise the issue with UGC and state ministry for higher and technical education for a thorough probe in the leak and two months delay in declaration of re-exam. \"We will strongly raise this issue in forthcoming assembly along with that of large number of vacancies,\" he said.Pointing out the money and time wasted by the NU administration in suppressing the leak, Senate member Mohan Bajpayee said though NU exam section should be held responsible, VC can't shirk his responsibility. \"He should accept that he and his team had tried to hush up the issue and committed blunders in the process. Now they should say sorry to the students and take care that such incidents shouldn't recur,\" he said.Demanding stringent punishment to guilty officials, Senate member Samir Kene said VC should urgently convene an emergent meeting of Senate to discuss the issue that brought disgrace to the university. \"Who is responsible for the harassment to the students? Why innocent students should pay from money from their pockets for re-exam of BCCA paper when the fault lies with NU administration? Some heads must roll for this shame, else NU will not learn from its mistakes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419932", "title": "Crush-hour snag throws Metro schedule haywire", "text": "KOLKATA: It turned out to be a bad start to the day for thousands of Metro Railway commuters on Tuesday. Services were severely disrupted for over an hour during morning peak hours when two doors of an AC rake would not close, apparently because of overcrowding.Even when services resumed, schedules were thrown haywire for most of the day. The crowds swelled on the platforms and some commuters complained that they had to let five trains go before they could even step into one. If you wondered why your train was packed even at 2.30pm, the chain of events leads back some five hours.At 9.20am, when an AC rake pulled into Dum Dum station, there was a mad rush to board the train. The first two coaches were so packed the doors wouldn't close. Metro officials appealed to some commuters to get off but nobody was ready to do so on a day that reminded of summer.\"People were standing so close that the doors wouldn't shut. We could not push them, obviously. So we requested some commuters to get off and wait for the next train. Nobody bothered. We tried our best to get the doors to close but to no avail. After a while, the people started losing patience. They demanded that another rake be brought. This would not be possible till the affected rake was moved from the platform. Finally, it was decided to run rakes that arrived from Kavi Subhas in the reverse direction from the Up platform itself. These rakes would be shifted to the Down line between the Dum Dum and Belgachia stations, it was planned,\" an official said.Commuters agreed to leave the affected AC rake only after authorities announced that the empty rake on the Up platform would leave for Kavi Subhas. After the AC rake was vacated, technicians inspected the doors and tried to get them to close. But the door panels had got damaged due to the extreme pressure and the rake had to be shifted to the maintenance depot.\"We could start Down services from Dum Dum to Kavi Subhas only at 9.44 am. By then, a large number of commuters had gathered at all stations midway. It was not possible to run trains on normal schedule as the Down line at Dum Dum station was still blocked. The affected AC rake was moved to the car shed at 10.33am after which the platform could be used. Still, we weren't able to run normal services due to the problem of rake balancing. There were more rakes at the Kavi Subhas-end than at Dum Dum. This is why the normal schedule remained affected till much later,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway.Sources indicated that the Metro infrastructure may not be able to handle the peak-hour rush. Nowadays, the number of commuters carried by the coaches during peak hours is well past their crush-load capacity, which results in more wear and tear and increases the risk of a breakdown. Commuters are now worried of what will happen when the interface between the Metro and Eastern Railway's south suburban section is thrown open at Garia and 30,000 more commuters pack into the Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418780", "title": "UP police probing Abu Jundal's role in CRPF camp attack", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Police is sifting through police records to ascertain the role of Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal alias Syed Zabiuddin Ansari in the January 1, 2008 attack on Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) camp in Rampur. This is because one of the arrested prime accused of the attack, Sabauddin had revealed his association with Abu Hamza that helped the investigators to establish that Hamza's role in the 2005 IISc Bangalore attack.The real name of Hamza, who is also known as Abu Jundal and has 23 names and identities, is Syed Zabiuddin as per his school and college related documents. The Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) operative was arrested by the special cell of the Delhi police on June 21. This was confirmed by sources in the Uttar Pradesh Police on Tuesday, as they sifted through police records to establish his role in the January 1, 2008 attack on the Central Reserve Police Force camp in Rampur.Sleuths believe that Zabiuddin's arrest may spell fresh trouble for Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin who are already in jail for the CRPF camp attack. Both Faheem and Sabauddin were also accused in the 26/11 (2008) terror attack in Mumbai along with Ajmal Kasab. But, the two were acquitted by the Mumbai special court in which the three were tried. The court however held Kasab guilty in the case.The duo's connect with the Mumbai attack was the hand drafted maps of some important installations in Mumbai that were recovered from their possession at the time of their arrest on February 10, 2008, more than nine months before the same locations were attacked by Kasab and aides on November 26, 2008. Since Sabauddin's role in CRPF camp attack stands established and he himself confessed his involvement in the IISc attack in Bangalore (2005) in which he claimed that Zabiuddin (Hamza) pulled the trigger, there is every possibility that the latter may have played an important role in the CRPF camp attack, investigators told TOI on Tuesday.Additional director general of police Anti Terrorist Squad and Special Task Force Jag Mohan Yadav told TOI that investigators are sifting through the investigation records and interrogation reports of Sabauddin to specifically establish Zabiuddin's role in the CRPF camp attack in Rampur. \"We are in touch with the intelligence agencies on this,\" Yadav said.Sabauddin's role in the CRPF camp attack was established on the basis of the ballistic and forensic reports of the AK-47 rifle seized from his possession at the time of his arrest from Charbagh Railway station in Lucknow on February 10, 2008. The weapon matched the bullets retrieved from the bodies of the slain CRPF jawans killed during the attack and also the empty bullet shells recovered from the camp site after the attack, police sources confirmed.A class XII dropout from an Aligarh school, Sabauddin was the first person to have confirmed that Abu Hamza (whose name figured in the 2005 IISc Bangalore attack) was the same person, who was identified as Abu Jundal by Pak terrorist Ajmal Kasab.It was following this revelation that the intelligence agencies have traced the roots of Abu Hamza alias Abu Jundal, which led them to a house in Hathi Khana locality of Georai village in Beed district of Maharashtra.The transfer certificate at the Milliya Arts, Science &amp; Management Science College and Bal Bhim College in Beed confirm his name as Syed Zabiuddin. Zabiuddin studied at Bal Bhim College till Class XII and his BSc final year admit card issued by Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University in 2004 bears his name as Syed Zabiuddin Syed Zakiuddin. Zabiuddin worked an electrician after a diploma from Government Industrial Training Institute, Beed.He came under the police scanner for the first time in May 2006 after his name figured in connection with seizure of arms and explosives in Aurangabad. In all 10 AK-47 rifles, 10 packets of 40 magazine rounds and 43 kg of RDX, a car containing six AK-47 rifles, 17 magazine rounds, and 2,900 cartridges were recovered in the incident.Following the arrest of Sabauddin by the UP Police in February 2008, he confessed to his involvement in 2005 terror attack at IISc Bangalore and revealed that his aide one Abu Hamza had pulled the trigger, killing a scientist. It was on the basis of Sabauddin's confession that the investigating agencies managed to establish that Abu Hamza, Abu Jundal and Zabiuddin is the same person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426653", "title": "Justin Bieber kissed dead fish over bet", "text": "Justin Bieber , who once kissed a \"pretty gross\", smelly, dead fish for a bet, revealed that it was the \"worst dare\" he's ever done in his life.\"The worst dare I ever did was kissing a fish. It was dead. It was pretty gross,\" Contactmusic quoted him as saying.When he is not busy kissing deceased animals, the 18-year-old singer has found time to tone his muscles in an attempt to improve his physical and mental strength.\"I've started working out more and getting a bit heavier. I'm just staying fit and active, and want to be strong physically and mentally. It's good for touring. You've got to have agility,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426900", "title": "Young women in science scholarships", "text": "In its efforts to encourage women to pursue careers in science, L'Oreal India has launched the 'For Young Women in Science' Scholarships programme 2012 for the tenth consecutive year. L'Oreal India will award scholarships to 10 remarkable class XII girls from Maharashtra and Delhi/NCR. Each scholarship will be worth Rs 2.5 lakh, which will be spread over a period of four years for the student to graduate in a scientific field from a recognised college or university in India.The L'Oreal India scholarships 'For Young Women in Science' programme is an extension of the international 'L'oreal Unesco For Women In Science' partnership. The L'Oreal India 'For Young Women in Science' scholarship programme with the support of the Indian National Commission for Cooperation and Unesco has helped young women, passionate about science, to achieve their dreams and aspirations of pursuing a career in science. By providing the financial assistance to pursue scientific education, this scholarship reinforces the vocation of women in scientific disciplines.Eligibility CriteriaYoung women who have completed their class XII exams from Delhi/NCR (Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Noida, Faridabad)/Maharashtra, in the current academic year ( that ended March 2012), with a minimum of 85% in PCM/PCB and not over 19 years of age on May 31, 2012 are eligible to apply for this scholarship. This scholarship is open for study in any field of science: medicine, engineering, information technology, pharmacy, biotechnology, and other graduate courses pertaining to science (BSc).ProcedureForms can be downloaded from www.foryoungwomeninscience.com or can be collected from L'Oreal India Pvt. Ltd, Peninsula Towers 2nd floor, GK Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Forms need to be submitted along with the relevant documents (mentioned in the application form) no later than June 30 at the address mentioned above. Shortlisted candidates will be interviewed by a jury and scholarships will be granted only upon securing admission. For further information, call 022 2498 3000/022 401 81 100 or write to fywis@in.loreal.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421662", "title": "Ex-minister Durai Murugan's plea rejected", "text": "CHENNAI: A petition filed by former minister Durai Murugan, seeking to be re-issued a final opportunity notice so that he may offer an explanation in disproportionate assets case against him, has been turned down by Madras high court.The case relates to an FIR against Durai Murugan and his wife last year under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. On March 11, 2012, he was sent a notice by DVAC, and directed to send his replies to a questionnaire. If he failed to give a statement, it would be presumed he had no explanation to offer and a probe would take place, the notice said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420244", "title": "Govt opposes auction mode to give away resources", "text": "NEW DELHI: World over, the first-come first-served mode is preferred over auction route to allot mining leases, the Union government told the Supreme Court ahead of the July 10 hearing on the presidential reference questioning the apex court ruling which said distribution of natural resources should be through auction only.The apex court had on February 2 cancelled 122 telecom licences faulting allotment of spectrum or mobile services bandwidth through first-come first-served mechanism and said natural resources should be distributed only through auction and not as largesse of the government.The mandate to auction all natural resources piqued the government and it took the constitutional route to question the efficacy of applying this ruling to other natural resources like mining, which has traditionally been done through FCFS mechanism for the last four decades.Filing statement of facts on questions raised by the President and indicating the broad contours of its line of argument before the Supreme Court, the Union government said through counsel Devadatt Kamat, \"The touchstone for testing any policy of distribution of natural resources is whether it subserves the common good in accordance with the mandate of Article 39(b) of the Constitution.\"The norm of 'common good' has to be understood and appreciated in a holistic manner, keeping in mind the nature of the natural resource, the benefit to the country and the economy at large, and not merely by immediate financial considerations.\"Financial gain to the state, which was highest through auction, was relevant but not the sole guiding factor in formulating policy for distribution of natural resources, it said. \"Gain cannot be measured only in terms of revenue. Revenue considerations may assume secondary consideration to developmental considerations,\" the Centre said.It said a government keeps in mind several considerations while formulating an allocation policy for a natural resource to achieve the goal of common good or serve public interest. \"The considerations may be strategic, economic, security, growth of natural resource, social welfare through such allocations and also financial value of such allocations,\" it said.Concept of auction could not be applied to natural resources such as distributing fishing rights, which was a localized activity. \"Any policy with regard to fisheries has to take into account the traditional occupation of local fishermen. The application of auction principle would mean destruction of the livelihood of the traditional fishermen, who would be unable to compete with well-organized and huge fishing companies,\" the Centre said.It quoted a three-year-old World Bank report to tell the court that world over, petroleum licences were allocated using \"auctioning\" or \"competitive\" methodology, while mining licences were generally allotted on a first-come first-served basis.\"World Bank report further records that the FCFS principle is the most frequently adopted criterion for granting mineral licences around the world, applied in all countries where mining sector is well developed,\" the Union government said.A follow-up study of the World Bank report by South Africa's University of Witwatersrand, which examined the process in eight countries, found that Ghana and Madagascar adopted FCFS policy while Algeria, Mongolia, Tanzania , Congo, Zambia and Chile preferred a combination of FCFS and auction.\"China and Australia adopt allocation models for their mineral resources based either on a process of subjective evaluation of applications for licences by the relevant authority or on FCFS principle,\" the government said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14427008", "title": "RTO stops registration of vehicles after an expose of fake challan scam", "text": "SURAT : The Regional Transport Office (RTO) stopped the registration of new vehicles after the involvement of an auto consultant and some vehicle dealers in the vehicle registration scam was exposed by the RTO authorities two days ago.Official sources said that the owner of Jain Auto, Manoj Jain and few dealers in the city are involved in the vehicle registration scam worth lakhs of rupees. It is a practice in transport offices in the state that the vehicle tax amount is paid directly by the agents and dealers in the bank and that the tax challan copies issued by the banks have to be deposited in the RTO for the further process of vehicle registration.However, the auto agent registered with the RTO and some of the dealers indulged in corrupt practices by depositing fake tax challans in the RTO. The auto consultant would collect vehicle tax amount from the vehicle owners and the same was not deposited in the bank. The auto agent and the dealers were hand-in-gloves and that they used to furnish fake tax challans in the RTO.A team of senior officers from Ahmedabad and Vadodara transport offices are camping in Surat to investigate the exact amount of cheating and loss to the government exchequer in the vehicle registration scam.A senior officer asking anonymity said \"The registration of new vehicles has been stopped temporarily as the departmental inquiry and investigations are going on at the Surat RTO office. Until now, we have not been able to ascertain the exact figure and loss and the investigations are on\"He added \"The auto agencies and dealers involved in the scam may face stringent action from the RTO. It is a serious case of cheating and that we may cancel the trade certificate of the dealers found guilty\"Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14420681", "title": "Digging borewells to attract Section 144 of CrPC in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: In the wake of the recent death of a four-year-old girl who fell into a 70-foot-deep borewell, the district administration has passed an order saying that borewells can be dug only after getting the necessary approval from the administration.Deputy commissioner P C Meena also invoked Section 144 of the CrPC in Gurgaon district prohibiting drilling of borewells without obtaining prior permission from the competent authority.Government, semi-government as well as private agencies involved in drilling or boring will have to apply for registration to the hydrologist, Ground Water Cell by July 10. Failure to do so will make it illegal and strict action will be taken against the defaulter. Details about the name of the owners, their permanent/present addresses, make and model of the boring machines also have to be submitted.\"All unregistered boring or drilling machines will be considered illegal and the SHOs concerned shall have to lodge FIRs against the owners of these machines,\" said deputy commissioner, P C Meena.He has also ordered companies or agencies in possession of boring machines to submit fortnightly reports regarding works undertaken. \"A strict compliance of this order should be ensured. Necessary checks will be carried out by all the concerned SHOs, BDPOs and tehsildars,\" said Meena.\"The order has been passed keeping in view the deteriorating position of groundwater resources and to arrest further depletion of groundwater in the Gurgaon district. It is one of the preventive, corrective and remedial measures that are being taken in this regard,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14421076", "title": "Ranchi grapples with abrupt weather change", "text": "RANCHI: The abrupt change in weather in the past two days after a week of incessant rain has made life difficult for the people of Ranchi. The heightened heat and humidity after a week of cool weather has made things all the more intolerable for the people.The temperature has risen six to seven degrees Celsius over the past two days, said G K Mohanty, the director of Indian Meteorological Department. \"The daytime temperature in the city was below 30 degrees Celsius when it was raining, which has now increased to 34 degrees. The increase in night (minimum) temperature has been recorded at three degrees,\" he said.Explaining the sudden change in temperature, Mohanty said: \"Certain parameters like cyclonic circulation at lower level of atmosphere and moisture availability are needed for occurrence of rainfall. These parameters were observed last week, but they have now changed and there will be very less rainfall.\"This kind of weather condition will continue for another three to four days. Mohanty said, \"The sky will be partly cloudy and there will thunderclouds at some places in the afternoon, but there will be no rain. The temperature will be around 34-35 degree Celsius for the next few days. Rains will start again in the next few days at it takes time for the favourable conditions to develop.\" Mohanty said such weather change is a natural phenomenon. \"Monsoon is never steady. Sometimes it is acute, sometimes heavy or normal. People need not worry as rains will definitely start again soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14427638", "title": "IT failure not linked to India outsourcing: RBS", "text": "LONDON: Under intense pressure from customers and others for an IT failure that affected the transactions of millions of customers, the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has said there was no link to its outsourcing programme to India.Outsourcing IT and other jobs to India by banks and other institutions has often been in public focus, since they invariably lead to job losses in Britain.There have also been doubts about the security of UK data sent to India.Millions of customers could not complete their transactions with RBS for the last one week after a computer software upgrade failed, disrupting payments into and out of accounts.RBS said most of the backlog of transactions had been cleared, leaving less than 1 per cent unresolved.However, opponents of outsourcing to India have used the RBS' IT problems to once again raise questions about sending work and jobs to India, with reports stating that the support team for the bank's computer software was based in India.RBS is one of the major banks that was rescued by the taxpayer in 2008 during the banking crisis.Since the bailout, it has reportedly shed nearly 30,000 jobs, including more than 20,000 UK-based roles, and has outsourced them abroad, including to India.The bank said work was on to resolve the problem and that only \"a few specific sets of transactions\" were outstanding.The RBS said: \"It is possible a small number of customers may experience delays as we return to a completely normal service. The full focus of our efforts will now be on delivering the same result for our Ulster Bank customers who continue to experience unacceptable delays to their accounts being updated.\"The Unite union, who has often opposed outsourcing to India, questioned whether the off-shoring had left the bank unable to cope after the software failure, but RBS consistently denied that the decision to relocate jobs to India had made any difference at all to its handling of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419769", "title": "Pooovamma to race in Almaty", "text": "HYDERABAD: Karnataka athlete MR Poovamma, who missed the National inter-state athletics, will get another chance to qualify for the London Olympics at the Asian All Star athletics meet beginning in Almaty, Kazakhstan on Saturday.\"She is fit and she will race in Almaty,\" a top AFI official told TOI. India had taken entries for a 13-member contingent but now after four withdrawals the size of the contingent has dwindled to nine.The meet will also provide another chance to Olympic aspirants Asian Games champion Joseph G Abraham (men's 400m hurdles) and Kunhumohammed (men's 400m). Both the athletes came close to the mark in the inter-state meet.Commonwealth Games silver medallist long jumper MA Prajusha is another athlete in the Indian squad who is nurturing London hopes. \"I will try my best and if God willing I will qualify,\" said Prajusha after coming close to the meet record in women's triple jump. Earlier, she had won the gold in long jump.Prajusha's coach MA George is certain that she has in it to qualify for the Olympics. \"She is definitely capable but only that she was unable to perform to her potential in the last one year,\" George said.Among the other members of the Indian squad were Tintu Luka (women's 800m), Sahana Kumari (women's high jump) and Pradeep (men's 1500m).Those who pulled out were Renjith Maheswary, (triple jump), Ankit Sharma (long jump), Sinimol Paulose (800, 1500) and Jithin Paul (400m).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422275", "title": "College student held for ragging, hunt on for 5 others", "text": "CHENNAI: A student of the Government Arts and Science College in Nandanam was arrested and a hunt launched for five others for ragging an 18-year-old boy who visited the institution on Tuesday seeking admission.In his complaint, M Prakash of Panaiyur village near Kancheepuram said he had landed at the college to seek admission. As he didn't know the way to the office in the college, he asked the six students who were chatting on the campus. They seniors then teased Prakash and forced him to bow at their feet before getting admission, the complaint said.\"Prakash was so frightened that he broke down and ran away. He later informed a friend in the city about the incident and was advised to lodge a complaint at the police station,\" a police officer said.Soon, teams led by Saidapet assistant commissioner of police P Raman nabbed one of the group, C Manikandan, 21, a third year BCom student, after he was identified by Prakash.A case was registered against Manikandan and five others under Section 4 of the Tamil Nadu Anti-Ragging (Prevention) Act and IPC Section 392 (robbery) for stealing 500 from Prakash. Manikandan was later remanded in judicial custody and a search launched for the five others.Prakash, whose father Muthukrishnan is a farmer, did not do too well in his class 12 exams and had decided to take up a course in an arts and science college, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "14418612", "title": "'Family left after Ansari's arrest'", "text": "BEED: Neighbours of Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal, the key plotter of 26/11, find it hard to believe that the man they knew was involved in terror attacks. But some said they had spotted a change in his behaviour, especially his style of offering prayers, once he started following Ahl-e-Hadees, the ultra conservative sect.Neighbours were first reluctant to talk about Ansari. They had not seen him for over six years, ever since his residence was raided by the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) in May 2006, following a big arms haul near Ellora in Aurangabad district. \"We have not known the family well, in fact we have not seen Zabihuddin ever since we shifted to Hattikhana in Kagzi Darwaza area a few years ago,\" said Bharat Giram, a neighbour of the family. \"The family doesn't generally mix with people. We have seen only Zakiuddin, Zabihuddin's father, going out for work but his gaze was always fixed to the ground,'' said Giram, who works for the local cable network. \"A few days ago when our power supply was disconnected, the senior Ansari allowed us to use his power connection till our supplies resumed. That was the only time we spoke,\" he added. He saw Zakiuddin and his wife leave their home at around 7pm on Monday after several strangers visited their residence.Some neighbours said Jundal's father was not well for some time and his condition deteriorated on learning of his son's arrest on Monday. Zakiuddin, who suffered two heart attacks in the past, was reportedly admitted to Civil Hospital, from where he was discharged on Tuesday, they said, adding he once worked as an insurance agent. Jundal's mother has diabetes. A neighbour said, \"Ansari's parents are unwell. But they say if he is found guilty, they wouldn't mind even if he is hanged in front of them.\" The family has another house in Georai tehsil of Beed district, but nobody lives there for two months, they said.Other neighbours avoided mediapersons. \"Ever since news of Zabihuddin's arrest flashed on TV channels, dozens of reporters and cameramen visited this otherwise sleepy lane,'' said Lala Khan, a plumber who had worked with Zabihuddin, who was then an electrician. \"I got a chance to work with him, but he didn't appear dangerous then. He wouldn't have responded if you slapped him. The developments have surprised us,\" Khan said.\"Ours is a locality of daily wagers. Zabihuddin's father shifted here from Georai about 12 years ago,\" said Feroz Khan , who lives close to the Ansari home. He said two of Zabihuddin's five sisters were married before his alleged involvement in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul surfaced. Khan, who is also an electrician, said the family faced many problems after Zabihuddin disappeared. \"After he disappeared, two of his sisters were divorced and remarried. The others were married off with difficulty,\" said Khan. He said Ansari's youngest sister married a few months ago, in the presence of a few people, at their residence. He added that some strange people (probably from the ATS and IB) too were seen around that time.Some neighbours, who preferred not to be identified, said, \"We spotted some change in his style of prayers. At namaz, he would stand in the characteristic legs apart, hands-across-chest style of the Ahl-e-Hadees sect.'' Incidentally, people who were seen in his company and later disappeared or were arrested by the police, too had followed the same style of prayer. However, no one could say how he and the others got involved with Ahl-e-Hadees which had some followers in Aurangabad. The link could have been forged through SIMI activities in Aurangabad.But there was no tell-tale signs like the availability of quick money, as Ansari kept on working as an electrician till he disappeared after his name cropped up in the arms haul.Police sources said Ansari may have worked as an electrician at the police superintendent's office for a while but was not directly employed, and was recruited by a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418656", "title": "Engineering student drugged, kidnapped", "text": "NAGPUR: A second year engineering student, studying at Wardha, was robbed of his bike, mobile phone and cash after being kidnapped from Besa on Monday afternoon. Abhishek Gumgaokar, 19, son of a senior income tax official, said that he was drugged at a temple via a pedha that he accepted.Police said Gumgaokar had gone to a temple at Besa before heading to Wardha to complete formalities of admission. At the temple, Gumgaokar was offered 'pedha' laced with sedatives. The victim claimed that he can recall nothing after consuming the 'pedha'. On waking up, Gumgaokar realized that he was at Kondhali and it was late afternoon.Gumgaokar claimed that his bike, mobile phone and cash Rs 300 from his pocket were missing. Police said that Gumgaokar refused to get examined by doctors at Government Medical College and Hospital. He was admitted at a private hospital. Hudkeshwar police have registered a case of kidnapping against three persons on a complaint from Gumgaokar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421856", "title": "Woman dies after delivery in primary health centre, kin cry foul", "text": "MADURAI: A woman, who was admitted to a primary health centre (PHC) for her delivery died soon after giving birth to a girl. Following the incident, the relatives of the woman staged a demonstration alleging that medical negligence was the cause of her death.Rajagopal (32) of Andarkulam in Tirunelveli, a car driver was married to Kalaiselvi (29) three years ago. The couple has a one-year-old daughter called Vivishna. Kalaiselvi had become pregnant again and had come to her mother's house in Rajakamangalam in Tirunelveli for her delivery. She was consulting the doctors at the PHC there.On Monday night, Kalaiselvi went into labour and her relatives rushed her to the PHC in Andarkulam where she delivered a baby girl early on Tuesday morning. Even as her relatives started rejoicing, the staff at the PHC informed them that the woman's condition was not improving due to some complications and that she would have to be taken to the government hospital in Asaripallam. However, she succumbed after being admitted to the government hospital.Her relatives staged a demonstration refusing to take the body, alleging that doctors in the PHC had not informed them about her condition and that the hospital staff did not act on time. Her relatives also claimed that they noticed the woman's condition was deteriorating after her delivery as she was bleeding heavily and had urged the medical staff in the PHC to take the ambulance that was parked in the compound to shift her to the government hospital. But, they had said that the vehicle could not be used because they did not have a driver. When one of Kalaiselvi's relatives said that he was a driver and could operate the vehicle, the hospital staff allegedly refused to allow him to drive it and had called the 108 ambulance instead.The villagers charged that medical staff at the PHC were responsible for the woman's death.Meanwhile, a government doctor said that allowing late night deliveries in PHCs should be reconsidered by the department of health, because qualified doctors usually leave the premises during the night and the care of patients was left to the nursing staff. The paramedical staff are sometimes not fully qualified to handle emergency situations like excessive bleeding during deliveries, he said. The doctor also added that complications during deliveries in PHCs were quite high and that there had been quite a few deaths in the last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14421491", "title": "Civic agency eyes income out of pay-and-use toilets", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation has hit upon an idea to reap revenue from toilets. It has prepared a project to identify abandoned/unused public toilets and convert them into high-class pay-and-use toilets. The outer walls of these facilities will be rented out to advertisement agencies.In addition to this, the civic body has made a deal with a private agency to set up e-toilets in various wards. The maintenance and operation of all these toilets will be directly controlled by a health and sanitation council.\"The council will have the mayor as the chairperson and representatives from water authority, PWD, town planning office and police department. Our idea is to offer the best of toilet facilities to the public and earn revenue through advertisements,\" said Happy Kumar, deputy mayor.The project also holds good news for Kudumbasree clean-well workers, who remain unemployed since the closure of the garbage treatment plant. They will run these toilets. The corporation has already tied up with Sulabh comfort station to revamp a toilet at Chalai.\"Besides, we will transform an abandoned toilet at Kunnukuzhy. More and more such unused toilets will be identified and acquired by the corporation,'' said C S Padmakumar, chairman, works standing committee.The operational cost of e-toilets will be met from the revenue from advertisements. ''Whatever money we spent on upgrading the toilets will be restored from the ad-revenue. The corporation staff will make sure that the hygiene standards in these toilets is never compromised,'' added Happy Kumar.An amount of Rs 75 lakh has been set aside for the project. The project will be implemented with the fund donated by T N Seema MP, tourism department and corporation's own funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14418999", "title": "2 die after consuming herbal medicine", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two daily wage-earners died after reportedly consuming herbal medicine on Tuesday. The deceased were identified as E Sagar, 30, and his friend E Narsaiah, 32, of Bharat Nagar in Uppal.Recently, Sagar went to his native place in Mahbubnagar district and purchased a herbal medicine to get relief from joint pain. Both of them consumed the medicine on Monday morning. When the two started vomiting after a few hours, they were rushed to the nearby hospital.Narsaiah died while undergoing treatment on Monday night and Sagar succumbed while being shifted to Gandhi Hospital on Tuesday. Police booked a case under section 304 (2) of the IPC and launched a manhunt to nab the quack who sold the 'medicine' to Sagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14420669", "title": "Man, lover suspected of killing woman, held", "text": "GURGAON: A labour contractor and a beauty parlour operator have been detained for questioning by the Sadar police for allegedly murdering the contractor's wife on June 21. Police sources say that the two had been in an illicit relationship for the past five years. \"We will arrest the accused at the earliest,\" said Yashwant, SHO, Sadar police station.An FIR under Section 302 of the IPC was lodged against Anil Kumar, 36 and Shakuntla Ahlawat, 35, on the statement of the victim's father, Ishwar Singh. He alleged that the duo strangled his daughter, Anuradha, and also gave her a poisonous substance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14421390", "title": "Court refuses bail to Nirmal Baba", "text": "ARARIA: Nirmal Baba, who has lately been under public scanner, did not get any reprieve from the court on Tuesday. Purnia district and sessions judge Sanjay Kumar at his camp court at Araria called for the case diary when the lawyer appearing on behalf of Nirmal Baba pressed for his anticipatory bail on Tuesday. The case will now be taken up at the next camp court though no date was specified.A local lawyer Satyajit Rai, who had prayed for anticipatory bail on behalf of Nirmal Baba on May 15 this year, maintained on Tuesday that no case was being made out against the Baba and as such he was entitled to an anticipatory bail. Public prosecutor (PP) Luxmi Narayan, however, strongly opposed the anticipatory bail petition and suggested that the case diary be called for to peruse the details before granting anticipatory bail. The district judge concurred with the PP's suggestion and adjourned the hearing on for the next camp court at Araria.It may be mentioned here that Nirmal Baba has been charged with fraud and duping the gullible disciples and admirers. One Rakesh Kumar Singh had lodged an FIR against Baba with the Forbesganj police station on April 21 in this connection. Subsequently, the court of Araria chief judicial magistrate (CJM) Satyendra Rajak had ordered for issuing non-bailable warrant of arrest (NBW ) against him on May 18. Nirmal Baba, in the meantime, had moved the Delhi sessions court for transit bail, which he was allowed for a week on May 15. Nirmal Baba, on getting knowledge of the NBW granted by the Araria court of CJM on May 18, filed a criminal writ petition in the Patna High Court (HC) for quashing the NBW as ordered by the court of CJM. Patna High Court (HC) set aside the NBW ordered by the CJM's court on technical grounds on June 22.The HC, however, allowed the investigating police officials to proceed with the case in consonance with the law. Araria (SP Shivdeep Lande has ordered that Baba be summoned to appear before the investigating officer (IO) for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14420931", "title": "Anti-tobacco rally by students", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Members of Eco Club at Government's Kasturba Gandhi Residential Girls' High School, Senha took out an awareness rally highlighting ill effects of smoking and chewing tobacco and \"gutka\" to mark International Day Against Drug Abuse (IDADA) on Tuesday.The rally that started from the school campus passed through different roads before reaching the assembly hall of the institution where a slogan writing competition held. The participants in the rally were raising slogans like \"nasha hatao, cancer bhagao\", \"sharab chhodo, samaj jodo\" in Hindi. They also raised slogans in local Nagpuri language. As many as 64 students from different classes participated in the contest. Warden NM Tirkey distributed prizes among winners. She said district education officer P P Jha had recently ordered that 26 important days which included IDADA should be celebrated in the school under the banner of Eco Club. \"A weekly class of moral education is also being given to students following the instructions of the DEO,\" she said.The school has been playing leading role in carrying forward educational as well as co-curriculur activities among other schools of its kind in the district. \"Getting proper guidelines and support from DC Ratan Kumar, DEO Jha and DSE Farhana Khatoon the school is doing well in most of the fields including education, sports and other activities. Last year, one student of the school had participated in national level Science competition, said BEEO of Senha Salay Soren, also the chairman of the school's management committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14418932", "title": "DU admissions: No papers to show, Haryana students in a fix", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students from the Haryana Board of Secondary Education are facing difficulties in getting admission to DU colleges even when they meet the criteria. This is because while their results have been declared, these are only available online and students don't have copies of their certificates. Moreover, colleges said the university hasn't released any information as to whether they are supposed to verify the marks online and give admissions on that basis.Colleges explained that in the absence of a formal directive from the university specifying the exact procedure by which these cases are to be dealt with, the college is helpless and can't admit students who are from the Haryana Board. \"There is major confusion with regard to students who have studied in the Haryana Board simply because they don't have their original certificates. With just a print-out of their marks, it becomes impossible for us to verify the validity of their marks,\" said Nirmal Kumar, admissions convener, Sri Venkateswara College.Colleges such as Sri Venkateswara have been redirecting these students and their grievances to the university. \"I got through BCom (H) in Ram Lal Anand College, but I couldn't get admission since I don't have the original documents. The college asked me to go to the dean of student's welfare in North Campus,\" said Randeep Singh.Colleges said that the problem has been aggravated by the fact that a majority of these students have got their marks printed through private websites that help a student see his marks and not the official website of the Haryana Board.University officials, however, said the university guidelines already have provisions for such a situation. \"According to the guidelines, in such circumstances the college should take the students in provisionally on the basis of online marks and verify the marks later,\" said J M Khurana, dean of students welfare, DU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418815", "title": "Girl hangs self after twice failing HSC exam", "text": "NAGPUR: Under depression after failing twice in the HSC exam, a 20-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself to the ceiling fan at her New Subhedar layout residence under the jurisdiction of Sakkardara police station on Tuesday afternoon.According to the police, Mamta Malve was a commerce student and was reportedly under pressure after two unsuccessful attempts in standard XII. Police said she had first appeared in 2010 and failed in two subjects. After taking a gap of a year, she appeared for the exam in 2012 but again failed in one subject.On Tuesday afternoon, she was alone in the house as her mother Geeta, a domestic help, was away at her work. Mamta's father had expired a few years ago. Police said her elder brother stays in Pune where he works in a private firm.The suicide came to light at around 2.30pm when the mother returned home and got no response despite knocking repeatedly. The neighbours then broke open the door and found Mamta hanging from the fan with her dupatta.People immediately alerted Sakkardara police, who sent the body for post mortem at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).Police said they have searched the room but did not find any suicide note. The family members told police that she seemed to be depressed since her results were declared. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14420220", "title": "IPS officer suspended", "text": "AJMER: Tainted probationary IPS officer Ajay Singh was suspended by the state government on Tuesday, as he has been in judicial custody after being arrested on bribery charges five days ago.Singh' bail application is likely to be heard by the court on Wednesday when the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) would produce records of the case that the accused officer was investigating and in which he allegedly demanded a bribe of Rs 2.5 lakh.The officer's suspension orders were issued by the department of personal once the ACB formally intimated the department about his arrest. Under the departmental rules it is mandatory that a personnel who is ordered to be kept in judicial custody for more than 48 hours has to be suspended till the court trial against him/her is completed.ASI Prem Singh, who too was arrested in the same case, was suspended by the Ajmer SP the day after he was arrested on June 21.The ACB is tightening the case against Singh and his subordinate policeman, the charges against whom would be heard by a special court in Ajmer on Wednesday. The bureau would be producing the preliminary evidences it has gathered against the IPS officer as the prime accused. \"We have to plug a few loopholes and investigate more about the case but first we are concentrating on opposing the bail application of the accused,\" an officer associated with the investigations said.Singh was arrested last Thursday and sent to 114 days' judicial custody by a link court in Ajmer. He was later transferred to the Jaipur central jail. The officer is accused of demanding bribe from one Bhawani Singh of Jodhpur's Bilara block who was an employee with the multi-level marketing firm, the MBD Company that allegedly fled with the smalltime investors' money. Singh was investigating the case against this company and had allegedly demanded the bribe to give a clean chit to Bhawani, who reported the matter to the ACB.The ACB's special team from Jaipur caught ASI Prem Singh red handed when he was accepting Rs 1.5 lakh (the final bargained amount) from the complaint. Soon after that day IPS Singh escaped from his office but was nabbed by the ACB at Kanota Village near Jaipur.ASI Prem Singh who too is in jail also complained of heart ailments. The junior officer is being treated at the jail dispensary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422519", "title": "\u2018Heart patients must not drink excess water\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Hypertension is a major risk for coronary arterial disease. \"Most of the patients with high blood pressure are on these medicines. During summers there is loss of water and electrolytes and these medicines further dehydrate patients putting stress on the heart,\" explained Dr Yashpaul Sharma, head of the cardiology department at PGI.However there is a word of caution about the amount of water to be consumed during this season. \"Those who have suffered a heart attack must not drink excess water as the heart muscles are weak and cannot work out extra. However BP patients who sweat a lot and are on diuretics must drink water to overcome dehydration,\" said Dr Sharma.Heart attacks are common in extreme conditions \u2014 very cold and very hot temperatures. The frequency of heart attack increases in winter, drops in spring and rises again in extreme summer. \"In summer, heart attacks increase due to high levels of dehydration. However there have been many reports of rise in the incidence in winter due to sudden narrowing of one of the arteries,\" said Dr Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421302", "title": "Retired Navy officer commits suicide", "text": "PATNA: A retired Navy officer, Sanjeev Kumar (34), committed suicide by hanging himself with the ceiling hook in his rented house at Road number 3 A in Indrapuri locality under Patliputra police station area on Tuesday. A suicide note was also found in the room.Patliputra SHO P Bharti said Sanjeev asked his wife Poonam Singh at around 12.30pm to go out of the house and locked the main door from inside. He said his wife grew suspicious and knocked at the main door but there was no response from inside.Bharti said that Poonam called her brother, who lives at Lohanipur in the state capital, asking him to reach her residence immediately. He said her brother reached an adjoining house and entered Sanjeev's house and found him hanging with a nylon rope.The SHO said by that time Sanjeev's two sons had arrived from their schools and were shocked to find their father dead. He said the suicide note mentioned that Sanjeev, along with his wife and two sons, was leaving this world on his own.The SHO said the suicide note also mentioned that if his sons survived, they should be handed over to Delhi-based Rekha and Manish as he had a share in their property. The SHO said it appears that Sanjeev had initially planned to commit suicide with his wife and two sons but his wife opposed it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427088", "title": "After Sanjay Dutt, Arshad to pair with Sunny Deol", "text": "After making a hit pairing with Sanjay Dutt in the \"Munnabhai\" series, actor Arshad Warsi is moving on to create another on-screen 'jodi' with Sunny Deol in \" Bhaiyaaji Superhit \".Directed by Neeraj Pathak, the film is an action comedy and rumour has it that the screenplay of the film is in the same lines of Raj Kumar Hirani's hit comedy series.But Pathak has denied the rumours, saying it was Arshad's idea to create a new male-pairing with Deol.\"Arshad said since he has made a good pairing with Sanjay Dutt in the past, why couldn't he and Sunny bring on a new association?\" Bhaiyaaji Superhit isn't exactly on the lines of Munnabhai series but it has ample moments that would demonstrate good chemistry between a veteran like Sunny as well as Arshad who has been around for a decade and a half now. It is going to be magic for sure\",\" Neeraj told PTI.Arshad will be seen playing the character of a filmmaker and Neeraj said the 44-year-old actor was the first choice for the role.\"I was convinced that Arshad was the only actor who could play this role. It is tailor-made for him. Even though Arshad and I haven't worked together, we share a great equation. The moment I narrated the script to him he realised that there were some excellent sequences that he would share with Sunny.\"The filmmaker, who started his career two years ago with Deol starrer Right Yaaa Wrong , said selecting actors that suit the script is very important.\"Since I am a writer first, I personally feel character detailing has to be perfect and the pacing just right. Moreover, to compliment that, you need to have actors who come with the best comic timing.\"I see that in my actors. When you have this combination in place, the script has to be designed in such a way that it never becomes boring when translated on screen,\" he said.The film, which also stars Ameesha Patel and Tusshar Kapoor, it will release early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418226", "title": "Activists demand no curbs on human rights", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the 37th anniversary of Emergency imposed on the country, Peoples Union for Civil Liberties held a candle march in front of Vidhan Sabha to protest human rights violation. Those who took part in the march included writers, intellectuals and social workers. They demanded that there should be no curb on human rights.\"Laws which curb our fundamental rights of expression and speech should be removed. Those who stands against wrong done by the authorities, the government agencies book them on charges of having links with maoists and terrorists,\" they said. Those who spoke on the occasion include Naresh Saxena, Vandhana Mishra, Ramesh Dixit, Kahira Hasan and KK Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14417964", "title": "13 sentenced to life term for murder", "text": "JORHAT: The district and sessions judge of Golaghat on Tuesday sentenced to life 13 accused, including four women, for the murder of Rupak Gogoi, the owner of Gobindapur Tea Estate in Golaghat district, seven years ago. Rupak is the son of former speaker Jibakanta Gogoi and husband of Congress MLA from Khumtai, Bismita Gogoi.The court, however, acquitted 57 other accused in the case. Nine other accused have died before the case was disposed of in the court on Tuesday.The convicts are Chowto Gowala, Ajoy Ariri, Chandu Orang, Bohua Gowala, Mongal Sahu, Moheswar Mahi, Chandra Ora, Ramesh Bhumij, Bogai Panika, Vensari Kherika, Joymoti Tanti, Sukra Orang and Kanok Orang. More that 200 tea garden workers of Gobindapur tea estate first beat Gogoi at 8.30 pm on February 11, 2005, and then burnt him alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14420281", "title": "Maderna needs to undergo surgery: Report", "text": "JODHPUR: Jailed former minister Mahipal Maderna has been recommended to undergo immediate surgery to prevent further deterioration of his health. The recommendation has been made by the medical board in its report on the health status of Maderna, an accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, who is currently cooling his heels in Jodhpur Central Jail. The report was submitted to the superintendent of the MDM Hospital by the board on Tuesday. This report will further be submitted to the jail administration.Despite being shifted to the Jaipur jail, Maderna is kept in Jodhpur jail for the past one month due his severe back pain caused by prolapsed disc ( slipped disc)in section L4 - L5. The doctors have constantly been recommending him a surgery, which he has been avoiding. The MDM Hospital administration decided to constitute a medical board of three doctors comprising neuro physicians Sharad Thanvi and Shubh Karan Khinchad headed by neuro surgeon Sunil Garg on Thursday to prepare a report on his condition.\"We have submitted our report today to the hospital superintendent, which will be further submitted to the jail administration,\" informed Garg. He said that we have made a strong recommendation for surgery for Maderna and that too as soon as possible.When asked about the complexity of surgery, Garg said this is a simple surgery, which can be carried out here itself. \"We at MDM hospital conduct two such surgeries every day on an average,\" he said adding that this report will further lay emphasis on the need for surgery.Jail superintendent A R Nyazi said we will decide on further action after getting the report. \"If he is fit, we will arrange to shift him to Jaipur Jail otherwise will have to keep him here,\" Nyazi said.Despite excruciating pain in his back, Maderna's reason for avoiding surgery is completely incomprehensible, an orthopedist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426356", "title": "Reel life gender benders", "text": "After former athlete Pinki Pramanik's gender determination test emerged inconclusive on Monday, the Asian gold medalist has to now undergo more tests for doctors to come to a final verdict on her gende r.The athlete was arrested on June 14 after a woman companion alleged that Pinki was a man and that the athlete had sexually assaulted her several times. Pinki is now in judicial custody and waiting for further investigation.While no films have been based on Pinki's situation as yet, many poignant films in Indian and international cinema have depicted issues of sexual identity disorders. Interestingly, Indian cinema have largely made spoofs out of the issue. All the three Khans have dressed as women atleast once in their careers \u2014 Aamir Khan in \" Baazi \", SRK in \" Duplicate \" and Salman Khan in \"Hum Apke Hain Kaun \". Kamal Haasan's \" Chachi 420 \", which was a remake of Robin Williams' \"Mrs Doubtfire\", was heart-wrenching. More recently, one saw Rani Mukerji in \" Dil Bole Hadippa \" where she dressed like a guy to play cricket. Meanwhile, in Ollywood, Sudhakar Vasanth's 2012 movie, \"Matric Fail \", cast actor Guddu as a girl called Guddi. In 2010, Sanjay Nayak directed \" Sasura Ghara Jindabad \" where Sabyasachi Mishra dressed up as a woman to provide comic relief.TOI takes a look at how international cinema has, over the years, sensitively explored this issue of gender-swapping.World movies that highlighted the issue of identity crisis Film: Baran (2001) Language: Iranian Director: Majid Majidi The film narrates the story of 17-year-old Lateef who works in a construction site of Tehran . Lateef falls in love with Rahmat. That's after he discovers Rahmat, who he thought as a boy, is actually a girl in disguise. The moment of discovery \u2014 when Lateef watches Rahmat brushing her long hair \u2014 remains one of the most poignant moments of world cinema.Film: Albert Nobbs (2011) Language: English Director: Rodrigo Garcia The film narrates the story of two women living as men in 19th century Ireland . Glenn Close's Albert and Janet Mcteer's Hubart brought them the Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress nominations at the 84th Academy Awards respectively.Film: Osama (2003) Language: Persian Director: Siddiq Barmak It is about a girl living in Afghanistan under the Taliban regime. She disguises herself as a boy, Osama, to support her family. \"Osama\" is heart-wrenching story of the tragedy called life and is symbolic of what many girls go through in Afghanistan.Film: Boys Don't Cry (1999) Language: English Director: Kimberly Peirce Few can forget Hilary Swank in an Oscar-winning role of a real-life character, Brandon Teena . Brandon was biologically born a girl but was identified as inter-sexed. She was romantically involved with another girl until her male acquaintances that discovered he was anatomically a girl. They then abused, raped and murdered her. The film explores the themes of freedom, courage, identity and empowerment.Film: The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things (2004) Language: English Director: Asia Argento This is a story of a disturbing relationship between a drug-addict mother and her abused son, who is forced to be a cross-dresser in order to keep his mother's love life alive.Film: Shakespeare In Love (1998) Language: English Director: John Madden When the young and struggling playwright, William Shakespeare suffers a writer's block. He auditions for an actor playing the role of Romeo in an unfinished play titled \"Romeo and Juliet\". The selected actor, Thomas Kent, is actually Viola in disguise of a man. The movie won seven Academy Awards including Best Picture, Best Actress (Gwyneth Paltrow as Thomas Kent and Viola) and Best Supporting Actress (Judi Dench as Queen Elizabeth I ).Film: M Butterfly (1993) Language: English Director: David Cronenberg This is a story of love and betrayal. Based in 1960's China, this film is about how a French diplomat falls in love with a Chinese opera performer. They have an affair spanning 20 years during which the diplomat betrays his country for love and ultimately discovers that all Chinese opera performers are traditionally male.Compiled by Madhusree Ghosh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419454", "title": "Sena to file petition over local body tax", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena will be filing a petition in the Bombay high court on Wednesday against the state's decision to enforce local body tax (LBT) in place of the existing octroi system in the district.Earlier in the day mayor Yatin Wagh said that the CM had verbally stated that LBT must be enforced from July 1, but the NMC does not have this in writing.According to the Sena, citizens' opinions must be sought before such enforcements are made. The party's group leader, Sudhakar Badgujar, who will be filing the petition on behalf of the Sena on Wednesdaysaid, \"Before enforcing any tax, locals have to be informed objections have to be asked for. The NMC has not done this.\"He added that had LBT been enforced for all C-type cities at the same time it would have been considered natural procedure, but introducing it only in Nashik, that too all of a sudden, was incorrect.\"The NMC has spent Rs 350 cr from its pocket for the projects under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) during the regime of Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party. It has to spend Rs 350 cr more for the same, it has a spill over of Rs 656 cr and Rs 250 cr for regular expenditure. Thus it has to give around Rs 1400-1500 cr. After LBT is enforced the NMC will be in a worse financial state. From octroi, we could generate more than Rs 600 cr that has also been mentioned in the officiating municipal commissioner's proposed budget. The supposedly four-month slack period for octroi will be covered up in the next four months and during the festive season,\" said Badgujar.He said that the time was too less to raise objections but at least, the issue would be brought in front of the government.Shivaji Shahane, Shiv Sena corporator said, \"At least we can get interim relief after filing the petition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14420665", "title": "Illegal boring: 2 held", "text": "GURGAON: Rajendra Park police arrested two persons on Monday for digging a new borewell in Surat Nagar phase-II area on Monday.Police have lodged an FIR against them under section 188 of IPC and produced them at the city court on Monday, where they were later granted bail. According to the police, they got a tip-off that a house owner in Surat Nagar Phase II has dug a new borewell in front of his house. Police reached the spot and arrested the owner and the borewell contractor at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "14421051", "title": "Auto drivers flout traffic rules in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: The three-month-old traffic enforcement drive launched by the district police in Garhwa municipality areas to tackle the chaotic traffic and frequent traffic congestions has failed to yield any positive result.In an effort to regulate the chaotic traffic condition here the district police had come up with a new traffic regulation plan since March. In fact, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S had restricted movement of vehicles to tackle the serious problem of traffic congestion in the town. But auto rickshaws are openly violating the traffic norms as they are being parked at all restricted areas but at the various auto rickshaw stands located in the town.To restrict movement and parking of auto rickshaws, five auto rickshaw stands were set up at different areas located under the Garhwa municipality such as one near Danro River, forest department check-post, Stadium Mor, at railway station and Nawada Mor. However, the auto rickshaw drivers do not park their vehicles at these auto stands but where ever they wish, thereby, creating serious problems for commuters and the general public . Similarly there are as many as nine \"no parking\" boards installed by the civic body at different locations of the town. These locations are Collectorate Mor, Chinia Mor, Pitamber Park, Kutchery, Majhiaon Mor, Palika bus stand etc. Peeved with the chaotic traffic, Garhwa civic body chairperson Anita Dutt said, \"Strict action will be taken against the auto rickshaw owners who are found to be flouting the rules.\" She said more places were being identified to park auto rickshaws to ease the traffic chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419455", "title": "'Health more important than octroi' health issues", "text": "NASHIK: Expressing concerns over various on-going health realted issues within the city deputy mayor Satish Kulkarni sent a written letter to the attention of municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on on Monday. various issues related to health as well as cleanliness of the city.Kulkarni, in his document, cited citizen has written a letter on Monday to the municipal commissioner about health and cleanliness-related issues after receivingcomplaints over santiation issues and said that with the rains expected any time now, the matters highlighted needed immediate attention on a priority basis.\"After being elected as deputy mayor, I have been getting innumerable complaints from citizens about unclean surroundings andthe mosquito menace. I visited the spots and found that the citizens were right. Green Nashik Clean Nashik is the slogan of the NMC but the health of its citizens is in jeopardy. Also, the threat of monsoon-related diseases and the likelihood of epidemic break outs loom large. That is why I have written to the municipal commissioner to initiate necessary action on these issues,\" Kulkarni said.He added that garbage vans were irregular and were not even of sufficient capacity to lift all garbage across the the city.\"A garbage van has the capacity to lift only two tonnes of garbage. There is garbage strewn on the streets, and Nirmalya (offerings to God) which is left unattended by the garbage collecting vehicles. are not picked up by the garbage vans.For a city like Nashik, more vans are needed. Also, animal carcasses lie on the streets for days together. The administration needs to take serious note of these issues,\" Kulkarni added.Reiterating his point of garbage not being picked up in timely fashion, he said that garbage in gardens, vegetable markets, and other public places were an unhealthy sight and demanded that the number of sanitation employees also be increased.In his letter, Kulkarni also mentioned that an action plan needed to be formulated over the public health and cleanliness.He said that awareness programmes should percolate down to the micro levels of society.Specifically raising the isse about the state of public toilets, Kulkarni wrote that these were in a particularly despicable condition at bus stands, in rural areas and within slums.He also wrote about sewage water that finds its way from the underground drainage into the river polluting it, leading to the consequent problem of continual growth of water hyacinth.The deputy mayor alerted the civic chief about inadequate pest control measures was not being done properly for dealing with because of which mosquitoes were proliferating. He said that pesticide were being sprayed in very minute quantities.\"The administration is lackadaisical about health issues. but this is very important.\"\"Even corporators are not interested. Everybody discusses local body tax and octroi but crucial issues like health, which are important, are neglected,\" said Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14421409", "title": "Drive against illegal layouts continues", "text": "DHARWAD: Continuing his drive against illegal layouts in the twin cities, chairman of Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) Lingaraj Patil along with officials on Tuesday visited certain layouts in Hosayallapur of Dharwad and ordered issuance of notices to structures that have come up illegally.The drive is against the developers who have taken the GPA (general power of attorney) from the farmers and without converting the land into NA (non-agriculture) have sold it to gullible customers. The officials during their visit to Hosayallapur removed the boundaries marked on the site by the owners.Lingaraj Patil stated that a few people in the guise of land developers are cheating farmers by purchasing agriculture land at throw-away prices and later selling them to customers for construction of houses before converting the land into NA.Three persons Kantharaj Thayannavar, Veerupaksh Mathi, and Iqbal Dharwadkar were found to have purchased nearly 40 acres of land and were developing them into unauthorized layouts without obtaining NA certificate. Action will be taken against unscrupulous developers, Patil said.What is surprising is these \"illegal\" layouts have got electric and water connection. Patil stated that notice would be issued to the Hescom and also the HDMC seeking clarification for providing electricity and water connection.Patil stated that deputy commissioner Darpan Jain on Monday formed a task force to check unauthorized layouts. The task force comprises officials from revenue, HDUDA, Hescom and police departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "14421465", "title": "July 5 deadline for fixing auto meters", "text": "CHITRADURGA: The district administration has extended the deadline for fixing meters in autorickshaws to July 5. H G Tembad, regional transport officer, said of the 2,500 autorickshaws in the district, only 379 have meters. Many drivers are reluctant to operate them and often charge more money from commuters, he said. Superintendent of Police M N Nagaraj warned of seizing all the vehicles plying without meters. Auto drivers were also asked not to carry more than six school children at a time in their vehicles.Leaders of auto owners' association had sought more time for implementing the rule as they have to get digital meters from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419142", "title": "Gunman 'disarmed' by MRI machine at hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The patient's personal security officer was not supposed to be inside the MRI room \u2014 not with a gun tucked under his belt, at least, but he broke the rule and got the shock of his life. In an incident that neither the gunman nor the doctors at Medanta Medicity, Gurgaon will forget, the MRI machine reportedly sucked out the officer's gun from under his belt.MRI machines that are used to visualize the internal structures in the body develop powerful magnetic fields, thousands of times stronger than the earth's own magnetic force. Experts said the gun got drawn out by this tremendous magnetic force.\"The incident took place on June 16. A middle-aged woman, perhaps some VIP, came for MRI. While she was undergoing the diagnosis, her personal security officer sneaked into the room. He had a weapon in his belt which was drawn into the magnetic core. No one was injured,\" said a Medanta doctor, who did not want to be identified. He added that technicians had to be called in to turn down the magnetic force of the machine to retrieve the weapon.Dr Sanjay Saran Baijal, director of interventional radiology at Medanta, said he was not in the hospital when the alleged incident took place.Chairman and managing director of Medanta, Dr Naresh Trehan, however tried to play down the matter. He said, \"The PSO... left the gun in the room, which was later returned by hospital authorities. No mishap happened.\"Similar incidents have been reported in the West as well. In August 2001, a six-year-old boy died in Valhalla, New York, while undergoing an MRI when an oxygen canister shot inside the magnet core and hit him. In another incident, a police officer's pistol flew out of his holster and shot a wall as it hit the magnet. No one was injured.\"Operators must not allow anyone wearing or carrying metallic objects inside the MRI room,\" said a radiologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14421059", "title": "We're providing all assistance: Cognizant", "text": "BANGALORE: Business and technology services major Cognizant declined to comment on the alleged suicide of its employee Pawan Kumar Anjaiah saying the matter being investigated by US authorities. A Cognizant spokesperson spoke to TOI on the circumstances surrounding his death.* When did Pawan join Cognizant?Pawan Kumar Anjaiah joined Cognizant in December, 2007 (in Bangalore). He was assigned to the US in March 2012 and was posted at Wilmington, Delaware.* Did the company's HR personnel ask his parents not to go public about the death?On learning about Pawan Kumar's death, our HR officials contacted his family members and informed them about it. Our HR officials also met the family members thereafter at our office and had a detailed conversation with them. We respected the loss and emotional state of the bereaved family, and said we would provide help to the family within the legal framework of the incident. Our HR officials did not tell anyone not to go to the media. This incident has been reported by the global media. Also, our company spokesperson did talk to the media on Tuesday morning and answered questions asked about him.* Will the company help the family get the body from the US?We're working with US authorities to see what assistance we can provide, including the return of his body to the parents. Unfortunately, we cannot comment further on the matter as the case is investigated in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14420030", "title": "Gold chain worth Rs 70k snatched in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified persons, who had entered a grocery shop on the pretext of buying a chocolate, snatched a gold chain worth Rs 70,000 of the shop owner's wife at Vadgaonsheri on Monday afternoon. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Shilpa Sanjay Galande (32) of Galandenagar, Vadgaonsheri .Inspector Shivaji Shinde said Shilpa's husband Sanjay runs a provisional store at Galandenagar. \"On Monday, he had to go out for some work, and asked his wife look after the shop,\" Shinde said.Sanjay left the shop around 11 am. His father and Shilpa were in the shop. Little later, Sanjay's father returned home and Shilpa was alone in the shop. \"Around 12.45 pm, two persons, who came on a motorcycle, entered the shop and purchased a chocolate worth Rs 30,\" Shinde said.After sometime, the same motorcycle stopped in front of the shop. The rider was the same, but the pillion rider was different. \"The pillion rider entered the shop and asked for the same chocolate. When Shilpa opened the refrigerator to give him the chocolate, the person asked her for another. While Shilpa was giving it to him, the person snatched her gold chain worth Rs 70,000 and fled on the motorcycle,\" Shinde said.Shilpa immediately raised an alarm. A few local residents chased the suspects, who managed to flee . \"We are investigating further,\" Shinde added.In another incident, two unidentified people on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 20,000 from Sheela Gandhi of Aranyeshwar on Monday night on Pune-Satara Road. Assistant inspector V S Salunke of the Dattawadi police station is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420556", "title": "Nityananda case hearing adjourned", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has adjourned to Wednesday the hearing of a criminal petition filed by Swami Nityananda, challenging his June 13 detention on the executive magistrate's orders.The godman complained that even though the Ramanagaram court had enlarged him on bail at 3.30pm on June 13, jurisdictional police allegedly invoked sections 107 and 151 of the CrPC and illegally detained him just to defeat the court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421690", "title": "Police want to pass Dutch woman murder case to CB-CID", "text": "CHENNAI: The Mamallapuram police have sent a request to the top brass to shift the investigation into the murder of Dutch woman Johanna Cornelia Lamberta to the CB-CID, since only such a move can speed up filing of the chargesheet to prevent the accused from coming out on bail.Johannah Cornelia Lamberta (35) was found dead in a house near Mamallapuram, 60km from Chennai, on March 23. Lamberta's boyfriend Remco Elisabeth Martin Joseph, 32, a boat mechanic in the Netherlands, was arrested on charges of murder.The local police feel they need statements from Lamberta's family to file the chargesheet, but they don't have the powers to directly request CBI, which is the Interpol arm in India, to get the permission. \"CB-CID can get it done fast, and the accused may come out on bail after 90 days of arrest,\" said a police officer. \"If the process is delayed further, Lamberta's boyfriend, who was arrested on charges of murdering Lamberta will come out on bail,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14421433", "title": "Farmer Martyrs\u2019 Day on July 21", "text": "DHARWAD: KRRS would organise the farmer's martyr day here on July 21. It was on July 21, 1980, that six farmers were killed at Nargund/ Navalgund in police firing.Martyrs' Day is observed in their memory. Over 10,000 farmers are expected to take part in the meet wherein some crucial decisions regarding strengthening the organization and other issues would be taken. KRRS has planned to contest minimum 50 assembly seats in the coming election under the banner of Sarvodaya Party, according to KRRS secretary B C Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419484", "title": "City's teen athlete wins gold at inter-state meet", "text": "NASHIK: City athlete Monika Athre has clinched a gold medal in yet another 10-km race, after winning the Bangalore race only a month ago.Athre successfully faced her newest contest, the Senior Inter-State Athletic Championship which was held at Hyderabad. Her most serious competitor was The only sechallenge came from her state team mate Manisha Salunkhe who finished second.Athre completed the course clocking finished race with It took only 37 minutes and 06 seconds.It did seem like the the 19-year-old newly LIC recruit played it safe as she perceived no serious threat to her crown. She however had to settle for a silver in the 500m event where she clocked a tight 18.02 seconds. But she had to pay the price of complacency in 5000m event where she had to settle for a silver with a reasonably good timing of 18.02.Athre's jubilant coach Veejendra Singh said, \"She is probably the best long and middle distance runner in India at present. If she continues at this pace in this vein, India can pin its hope on her for the Asian meet and other bigger athletic events,\" Singh said.Commenting on his student's strength, Singh, who has coached Athre for over five years added that Athre's petite appearance could be misleading to some. \"Monica's forte is her stamina and mental strength is stamina and a strong mind. Although her frame makes her look like a young school-going girl, one should not be mistaken, she has a mature head and is tactically very sound.\"Monika is known to put in regular practice hours at the SAI Athletic Centre at the Bhosala Military School ground every morning and evening under Singh's the guidance. It does seem like her sincerity coupled with Singh's hard work who has coached her for over five years, is now paying rich dividends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418597", "title": "Jundal first of 50 fugitives to be held", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal becomes the first on India's list of 50 most wanted terrorists to be brought back. The Pakistani handlers of 26/11, also on the list, are still beyond India's reach.The list mentioned 26/11 planners Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi and Haafiz Saeed, two serving Pakistan army officers - Major Iqbal and Major Sameer Ali - besides Syed Abdur Rehman alias Pasha, a former major with Pakistan's 6 Baloch Regiment and HuJI chief Ilyas Kashmiri , who has since died.Mumbai-born don Dawood Ibrahim topped the list which was handed over by India to Pakistan in May 2011. \"Abu Jundal, during interrogation in Delhi, has confessed that he met Lakhvi and Saeed,\" said sources.Jundal is the first on the list to be brought back to India. However, Pakistan has denied sheltering any terrorists. \"Pakistan was denying Zabihuddin's presence on its soil. However, Jundal's dossier and information from his interrogation will definitely be sent to Pakistan through diplomatic channels and India will again demand the custody of its criminals from Pakistan. It's high time Pakistan deports these terrorists and gangsters to India,\" said a senior police official. \"To get the custody of one most wanted terrorist, Indian agencies had to struggle for years. We have been giving evidence of the presence of the others there, but Pakistan is not ready to admit it,\" said the official. He added that pressure is again mounting on Pakistan and this time it may take some step to hand over some accused or at least kick them out from its soil.The list contains names of Amir Raza, an Indian Mujahideen founder, suspected to have been involved in the Gujarat bomb blasts. Recent intelligence reports suggested the presence of senior IM functionaries Riyaz Bhatkal and his brother Iqbal in Pakistan. \"Jundal also met the two brothers in Pakistan. Now Jundal has revealed many things and added much more dope to what the police knew,\" said a senior official.The most wanted list also mentioned names like Dawood's brother Anees Ibrahim, his trusted lieutenant Aftab Bhatki, 1993 blasts accused Tiger Memon and Ayub Memon, besides Ahmed Mohammed Dossa, Riyaz Khatri and Azam Cheema (an accused in the 11/7 Mumbai train blasts).Pakistan had, under intense international pressure, arrested and charged five men, including LeT's operations chief Lakhvi who was one of the chief architects of 26/11. Hammad Amin Sadiq, who facilitated funds for terrorists, Mazhar Iqbal alias Abu Qama, a handler and Abdul Wajid alias Zarrar Shah, a facilitator, and Shahid Jamil Riaz, a crew member of Al-Hussain are still wanted for the Mumbai terror attacks of 26/11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419382", "title": "Andhra Pradesh governor, Congress leaders meet Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amidst the talk of a possible decision on Telangana and change in state leadership, governor ESL Narasimhan and several Congress leaders met party president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday. Speaking to the media after meeting Sonia, the governor said he had not submitted any report to the Congress president on the political situation in the state.Similarly, Rajya Sabha member Palvai Goverdhan Reddy, Union minister Panabaka Lakshmi, state ministers DL Ravindra Reddy and Pitani Satyanarayana also met Sonia. They are said to have briefed Sonia on the party's performance in the recent by-elections in 18 Assembly constituencies and one Lok Sabha constituency in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421541", "title": "Dust storm disrupts power supply in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Dust storm and rain overnight disrupted power supply in most parts of the city on Tuesday. Reports of technical snags, local faults and damage of transformers poured in from various localities.Power transformers attached to 33 KV substations at Machchodari, Naria and Daulatpur were damaged, disrupting supply in many areas. Machchodari substation caught fire which could be extinguished after a hard work by fire-fighters. A number of areas like Maidagin, Visheshwarganj, Pilikothi and Kashi were plunged into darkness.According to A K Verma, chief engineer, PVVNL, efforts have been intensified to restore supply. The damaged transformers are being replaced.The Met office recorded 4.6 mm rainfall in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "canterbury", "code": "14420254", "title": "Indian women lose to England in T20", "text": "CANTERBURY: The Indian women's cricket team suffered a 33-run loss to their counterparts from England in a Twenty20 international on Tuesday.Chasing 138 for victory, India could manage only 104/8 in their stipulated 20 overs at the St Lawrence Ground after inviting the hosts to bat.India's batting failed miserably with skipper Mithali Raj and wicketkeeper Sulakshana Naik barely managing to reach the 20s.On the other hand, Sarah Taylor (69 off 49 balls) and opener Laura Marsh (41 off 39) gave England the perfect platform with a 104-run stand for the second wicket in just under 14 overs.Taylor smashed 10 fours while Marsh found the fence four times.Indian bowlers, led by left-arm spinner Gouher Sultana (2/21), did make a comeback after the dismissals of Taylor and Marsh to restrict England to 137 for five, but their batsmen led the side down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426627", "title": "Internet making things possible", "text": "The internet has brought the world closer than ever. Sanika Tipre and Fatema Savai find out how the web has connected youngsters in different parts of the worldThe need to constantly stay in touch has evolved in the past years. From hunting and gathering in little groups, all of us are now a part of so many groups, local and international most of these online. And more often than not, it is the youth that is at the forefront of not only becoming a part of such groups but also creating and managing them.ACADEMIC AFFILIATIONSShares Lisa Martin , director and co-founder of O-MUN (online model united nations ), \"The internet is everything. Every bit of communication we have, every debate, lobbying session, meeting, training, etc is enabled by the internet. It is the glue that makes our organisation possible. Students in Israel and Lebanon , who according to the Lebanese law are not even supposed to communicate with one another, have had meaningful, if tentative conversations at O-MUN.\" Another such organisation that has used the internet optimally connect people from across border is the EUMIND - Europe meets India , an initiative built to enable students and teachers from Europe and India to interact with each other via regular video chats. Says Zubaida Waghle, senior math and physics teacher from St Gregorious High School, which is part of EUMIND, \"E-journals, exclusively created for EUMIND, facilitate the sharing of articles and pictures for projects between member schools. Topics of mutual interest for projects are chosen and executed upon through video conferencing. Programmes and schedules are also set through the internet.\"BONDING BEYOND BOOKSApart from academics, the web has also helped youngsters communicate with people with a wide range of common interests. Affirms Anwesha Mishra, a class XII science student Science student, who follows Korean music (K-pop) online, \"Ten years ago, I didn't know anything about Korean music. But now, I can follow a number of music artists through MySpace and various other forums. It is refreshing, binds me to people from different cultural backgrounds as well as helps me stay abreast with new music.\" Shares Vidhya Kumarswamy, a commerce student at Mithibai College, and an avid manga (comics originally published in Japan) reader, \"Mangas still don't have a firm spot in India but online manga forums help us share and grow as a community. I have spoken to people from different countries and even participated in a few online meetings conducted by some amazing manga artists.\"LAST WORDSFrom the simple email to complex virtual classrooms and global communities, technology has managed to invade all invisible barriers and connect people in every corner of the world. Kumarswamy concludes, \"The youth of today is lucky to have the internet because it helps us learn about different cultures at the click of a mouse. It has widened horizons for meeting new people and getting an interesting perspective on things.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14420021", "title": "Late rain, delayed sowing, veggies become dearer", "text": "PUNE: The high prices of some vegetables has badly affected vendors, homemakers, students and tiffin suppliers collectively.With no sign of the monsoon that usually covers the city by June end, vegetables are clinging to summer prices and are on the higher side, affecting the monthly budget of many citizens. Poor rainfall during the initial days of the monsoon has hit vegetable production creating shortage in the market and subsequent rise in prices.Lady's finger which cost Rs 30 per kg on May 25 is higher by Rs 6 on Tuesday, while broad beans that were Rs 30 per kg cost Rs 40.The only vegetables that seemed to have dropped in prices were cucumber and field beans sold at Rs 20 per kg in May which came down to Rs 18 per kg this month. Similarly, field beans also dropped from Rs 60 per kg to Rs 50 per kg.Pune receives its supply of vegetables from rural parts of Pune, Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur, Solapur, Nashik and Belgaum district of Karnataka.Mrunalini Thatte of Gokhalenagar said, \"The prices of vegetables generally come down by June end. This year, the prices are going up and I am forced to spend more on purchasing vegetables. There are some family events coming up and if prices remain high, my budget will be affected.\"The prices of fenugreek and spinach are comparatively stable at Rs 14 per bunch, but expensive. \"They usually cost Rs 5 or a maximum of Rs 8 per bunch in the monsoon,\" she added.The monsoon arrived earlier last year, which resulted in early sowing and prices of vegetables came down by June end last year. This year, the monsoon arrived late in Maharashtra and then took a break. Though the rainfall has been good in Konkan in the last few days, it does not help much as Konkan region does not grow vegetables in large quantities. Vegetable producers are from western Maharashtra, who supply them to Mumbai, Pune and other cities.Vinayak Tambe is a tiffin supplier to engineering students and working professionals. He said his business has been badly affected as prices have continued to be on the higher side. \"The prices of vegetables vary every day and most go up, but my customers make payments at the end of the month. If I increase my charges, I will lose customers. And if I continue with the current rates, my operating cost will increase and it will become a non-feasible business.\"Digambar Vyaymane, a vendor in Mahatma Phule Mandai, said, \"Earlier, the vegetables were supplied from Wagholi, Katraj or even small hamlets near Khadakwasala dam. These areas have almost lost all the farm land to development and vegetables are now supplied from far off places. It has increased the transportation cost as well. Once, the wholesale price goes up, it also pushes up the retail price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14427558", "title": "Air Arabia introduces pre-booked baggage policy, hikes cabin bag allowance", "text": "KOLKATA: Air Arabia, the first and largest low-cost carrier (LCC) in the West Asia and North Africa, announced the introduction of a new online pre-booked baggage policy, enabling passengers to pay for only the baggage weight they need. The airline has simultaneously raised its cabin baggage allowance from 7kg to 10kg.The move has the potential to change the way low-cost airlines operate, introducing a new revenue stream. Other carriers, including Indian LCCs like IndiGo and SpiceJet that currently offer an allowance of 20kg free checked baggage per passenger, may introduce the low-cost pre-booking baggage policy, industry sources said.The new Air Arabia policy, effective for all tickets purchased on or after July 1, 2012, allows passengers when booking a flight with Air Arabia to pre-book a checked baggage weight allowance (20kg, 30kg or 40kg), with no limitation on the number of pieces.Passengers who pre-book a 20kg checked baggage allowance will pay just Arab Emirates Dirham (AED) 10 or around Rs 150, while passengers booking 30kg will pay AED 20 or around Rs 300. Subject to availability, a 40kg checked baggage allowance can also be pre-booked for AED100 or around Rs 1,500. The rates\u2014among the lowest in the market\u2014apply to one way tickets and are inclusive of all applicable taxes.\"At Air Arabia,we place great importance on using customer feedback to identify new areas where we can make their flying experience a better one,\" said Adel Ali, group chief executive officer, Air Arabia. \"The newly designed and improved baggage policy offers great peace of mind for our customers. This move will enable our passengers to save even more when flying with Air Arabia, by only paying for the baggage allowance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419825", "title": "A doctor can work in only two ultrasound clinics: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has capped the number of ultrasound clinics a single doctor can work in. According to a gazette notification issued on June 4, the health ministry said doctors can no more conduct ultrasounds in more than two genetic clinic/ultrasound clinic/imaging centres within a single district.Each clinic will now have to specify the consulting hours of each doctor attending the ultrasound centres.The ministry had found several instances of single doctors being registered in 7, 9 or even 16 ultrasound clinics simultaneously and conducting ultrasound scans in all such clinics in a single day. This in all likelihood, according to the ministry, suggested \"proxy use of ultrasound procedures and its misuse for sex selection\".These new rules come under the Pre-conception &amp; Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Amendment Rules 2012.\"It is not humanly possible for a single doctor to be across several ultrasound clinics in a single day. The new regulations have been brought in order to curb down on multiple registrations of radiologists and sonologist under the garb of which sex selection is being conducted across the country,\" a ministry official said.The ministry has also cracked down on institutes providing a quick crash course on using such ultrasound machines for jobs in \"sex selection shops\". The ministry has made it mandatory for those operating such machines to undergo training from institutes accredited by state governments.The Medical Council of India (MCI) has finalized the curriculum and training module which will be presented at the meeting of the Central Supervisory Board (CSB) of the Pre-conception &amp; Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994.To be chaired by health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on July 20 in Shimla , the CSB is expected to clear the new six-month long training module which would include 300 hours of class time.At present, under the Act, anybody with six months training or one year experience in image scanning can use an ultrasound machine. These are the people who mainly use it for sex selection. Those training to operate an ultrasound machine will now have to undergo a comprehensive skill test that will be conducted by the state government before getting his or her certificate.Many fake institutes conduct 15-day courses that teach people how to do sex selection using ultrasounds and hand them the certificates.\"It had become a trend in which bogus certificates were being issued saying the person has undergone a six month or one year long training on using imaging techniques,\" the official said.India has recorded the worst decline in child sex ratio (0-6 years), as reported by the Census of India, from 945 in 1991 to 927 in 2001 and further to 914 females per 1000 males in 2011. Around 22 states and five Union Territories have shown a decline in child sex ratio and only six states and two UTs have improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422343", "title": "Land registration dept is the most corrupt in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The real estate boom and huge transactions in property purchases have resulted in the land registration department being caught in the maximum corruption cases in the state.There is a significant jump in the number of corruption cases staff members face. A raid in the Trichy registration office on Tuesday by the state Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption ( DVAC) brought under the spotlight once again the high levels of corruption in the department by way of exchange of hefty bribes on a daily basis.Statistics available with the state vigilance wing shows that the maximum number of corruption cases registered in the last two years involved the land registration department.Since 2008-09, when 63 staff members of the department were charged with corruption, the number of persons caught taking bribes in the next two years rose. In 2009-10, corruption cases were filed against 134 persons and in the following year, the number increased to 160. The arrests followed surprise raids and traps laid for suspects in registration offices across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427139", "title": "Globsyn to offer international UG programmes", "text": "Globsyn Blue, Globsyn's centre of under graduate studies, has entered an understanding with University of London International Programmes to act as a study centre and prepare students for successfully completing the acclaimed under graduate programmes from the University of London.Globsyn would be offering BSc in Economics and Management and BSc in Economics and Finance as part of the inaugural offering.The University of London International Programmes was set up in 1858. With more than 50,000 students in over 190 countries currently, University of London is one of the oldest and most reputable distance and flexible learning providers in the world. Its global footprint and flexible study method has enabled students to study wherever they live.The university offers its degrees through distance and flexible learning with tutoring support from different reputed institutions across the world. University of London academics are responsible for the academic direction of all such programmes.London School of Economics and Political Sciences (LSE) is responsible for the academic direction of the Economics, Management, Finance and Social Sciences (EMFSS) programmes available at University of London International Programmes.This means that LSE academics and administrative staff develop syllabuses, write subject guides, develop online learning opportunities and materials, advise teaching institutions and prepare and mark examinations.University of London International Programmes students have the benefit of LSE's academic expertise, and the backing of the University of London.Successful students are awarded degrees or other qualifications by the University of London. These are distinct from degrees or other qualifications awarded by LSE.Keith Sharp, director of University of London International Programmes at LSE, said \"The undergraduate programmes are not only intellectually challenging but also relevant to a wide range of career paths. The courses have been designed by our teams of academicians at LSE, and are examined to the same high standards that have made LSE the world's leading institution that it is today.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14421055", "title": "Pawan toiled away in a hotel as a schoolboy", "text": "BANGALORE: Pawan Kumar Anjaiah's family says that the young man was a strong-minded person who would never be cowed down by adversities. Anjaiah and Gangaratnamma recall how Pawan worked at a hotel in Pavagada to tide over the financial crisis their farming family faced.Due to some personal problems, Anjaiah had quit his job in the social welfare department and returned to Pavagada in Tumkur. \"Pawan was then in class VII. Realizing the gravity of the situation, he took up an odd job at a hotel in the town and worked after school hours,\" recalled Gangaratnamma, Pawan's mother.\"Difficulties he endured during childhood, only made him stronger. The determination showed in his studies,\" Anjaiah said.Pawan completed his SSLC with distinction and joined a PU college on the Bangalore-Tumkur highway. \"He took PCMB and again passed out with distinction. He wanted to take up civil service exams but we forced him to opt for the IT-BT field,\" the couple told TOI.Later, Pawan joined Saptagiri College of Engineering on Hesaraghatta Road for BE in electronics. \"During VII semester, Cognizant chose him during a campus recruitment drive. From then on, he worked with Cognizant,\" the parents said.They said their son worked at least 16 hours a day. \"He used to leave the house around 10 am and return only by 2 am. He worked on Saturdays too. On Sundays, he worked from home. He went to Chennai often for project work,\" Gangaratnamma said.The last callBorn on January 3, 1986, Pawan Kumar had recently cleared panchayat development officer exams. But an yearning to buy a house and a car, forced the young man to drop the idea of getting into government service and he decided to continue in the software industry.Pawan called his family the last time on June 15, four days before he was found dead in a US hotel. \"That day he agreed to get married and asked me to find a suitable girl for him. He told us that he would be buying a car in the US for Rs 8 lakh,\" Gangaratnamma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14422811", "title": "IAAF ends tainted runners' dreams", "text": "BANGALORE: India's tainted women 400m runners saw their Olympic relay dreams go up in smoke when the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) put an end to their frantic bid to return to competition.Four of the six runners, who copped one-year suspensions for testing positive for prohibited substances last year, were provisionally suspended by IAAF ahead of their case in the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).Juana Murmu, Mandeep Kaur, Tiana Mary Thomas and Sini Jose are the four athletes whose hopes of a comeback have been dashed. Mandeep and Murmu, who were tested by IAAF last year, completed their ban period on June 22 while Tiana and Sini emerged out of their suspensions on June 11. The other two athletes charged with steroid abuse - Ashwini AC and Priyanka Panwar - will be free on June 27 but IAAF will suspend them on the same day, it is learnt.With the last qualification event for relay - the Asian All-Stars meet in Almaty, Kazakhstan - scheduled on June 30 and July 1, these athletes, who were touted as medal hopes after their superb run in the 4x400m during the 2010 Commonwealth Games and Asian Games, find themselves out of the Olympics.Realising the futility of the situation, the athletics federation of India has decided against entering any relay team at the Almaty event, one of the reasons being that none of the teams are anywhere close to the qualifying times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14418736", "title": "Now, Pachgaon gets community forest rights", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Pachgaon in Gondpipri tehsil became first village in Chandrapur to get community forest rights. Guardian minister handed over the authorization letter to the gram sabha on Monday. Pachgaon villagers have gained community rights over 2486.87 hectares of forest around the village.Pachgaon villagers had given their proposal to the SDO for collective forest rights over the forest in December 2009. It took over two-and-half years for the administration to approve their proposal. Villagers kept on pursing the matter persistently and even had threatened to take up 'bamboo felling satyagraha' in the part of jungle they had sought under community forest right. But, the administration gave into the demand of the villagers and approved their proposal.Guardian minister Deotale handed over the authorization letter of community rights over 2486.87 hectares of forest land to the villagers in a programme. Former union minister of state for finance Shantaram Potdukhe chaired the programme, while MLA Subhash Dhote, collector Vijay Waghmare, DCF Madan Kulkarni, Panchayat Samiti chairperson Harsha Chandekar, SDO Ravindra Thakre and others were present on the occasion.Deotale urged the villagers to ensure development of the village through the community rights gained over the forest land. He said, \"Pachgaon should become an ideal for other villages. Villagers should ensure economical development of village through forest goods and minor minerals obtained for the forest area handed over to them. The gram sabha should see that youths in the village earn employment through newly gained forest rights.\"The minister also asked them to protect the forest and the wildlife living there.Potdukhe told the villagers to visit Lekha Mendha, the first village in the country to gain community forest right, and study their pattern of bamboo harvest and marketing. MLA Dhote assured to see that other villages that have put the proposals for similar community rights, get it as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421852", "title": "Govt asks students to shun drugs", "text": "MADURAI: Awareness rallies marked the day as International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking was observed on Tuesday.District collector Anshul Mishra flagged off an awareness rally of schoolchildren from the collectorate, and during his message he insisted that a country where its youth were trapped in drug abuse would not progress. While the enforcement part on drug abuse was taken care, sufficient awareness on drug abuse and its ill-effects in society was pivotal in fighting the menace, he said.In the same way, Madurai district police organised an awareness rally at Usilampatti where 500 students participated. Police also organised cultural programmes centering on drug abuse to sensitise public as Usilampatti is notorious for ganja peddling. Later in the evening, a workshop on drug abuse was organised for policemen. Members of Alcoholics Anonymous addressed the officials.Commenting on the increase in whitener abuse among school students, Mishra expressed his concern and said the issue should be looked into seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421294", "title": "Erring Patna Municipal Corporation officials face the music", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is yet to get the drains of the city cleaned. A few spells of smart shower left patches of waterlogging in some areas of the state capital on Monday night and exposed the PMC preparedness to deal with the problem during monsoon.Taking it as a wake-up call, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal, along with other PMC officials, visited several places of the city to review the drain-cleaning drive and discharged from duty some of the officials found lax in execution of their work.Pal said waterlogging is a major problem of the city and PMC officials concerned should work on a war footing to keep the drains clean and free from encroachment. Many of the city drains were found choked with plastic bags. \"The Bankipore circle executive officer, Chandra Shekhar Narayan, was found not fit for duty as he lacked sincerity. He has been discharged from duty on Tuesday. Chandra Shekhar Azad has been given the responsibility of the Bankipore circle,\" Pal said.The PMC commissioner also ordered a departmental inquiry against the PMC chief engineer Ram Swarth Singh. \"Rajeev Verma will succeed Singh with immediate effect,\" he said.He also suspended Rampur sanitation inspector Harish Kumar on the charge of negligence in his duty.Pal said, \"Encroachment over drains and plastic bags block the drains at many places. Encroachment over drains should be removed at the earliest to maintain the normal flow drain water.\"It was also found during the inspection that the Road Construction Department had blocked the roadside drains at several places without PMC permission. Such choked drains would increase the problem of waterlogging in the city.However, the cleaning of the biggest drain of the city, Badshahi drain, is almost complete and the PMC commissioner has asked the water resources department to deploy 15 more workers to speed up the cleaning work.According to a PMC circle officer, \"There are 1,200km of underground drains under the PMC control but we don't have the required equipment to clean all these drains. The choked underground drains cause waterlogging in several areas.\"The concrete (pucca) drains in several areas like Bandar Bagicha, Dak Bungalow, Pataliputra Colony, Gandhi Maidan and Exhibition Road were cleared last week. But the cleaning of underground drains and the kuchcha drains are a big challenge for the PMC sanitation workers.\"The kuchcha drains are choked due to heaps of garbage. Encroachment over drains at several places diverts the flow of drain water. We will have a tough time cleaning such drains,\" said Sukhiya, a sanitation worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422345", "title": "About 90% aspirants turn up on Day 1 of CET", "text": "INDORE: The first day of the Common Entrance Test (CET) 2012 remained peaceful with more than 90% aspirants appeared for the examination on Tuesday.As many as 11,051 students had registered to compete for a seat of their choice in various teaching departments of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya ( DAVV) on the first day.Rajendra Singh, chairman, CET coordinating committee, said, \"The examination remained peaceful at all the centres across the country. We had sent observers at all the centres to check the situation. Nearly 1,000 students remained absent in the examination.\"The varsity had appointed eight observers at Holkar Science College, Old and New GDC and Government Arts and Commerce College (GACC) to prevent exam related malpractices while the heads of the various departments were given the responsibility at 12 university's teaching departments. The second phase of CET will be held on Wednesday in which the remaining 2,169 students will appear for the test at the designated centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422346", "title": "3,200 government doctors in state to resign en masse on July 1", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to draw the attention of the government towards the various issues that they are facing at state-run hospitals, nearly 3,200 government doctors across the state are going to tender resignation en masse on July 1.The doctors are resorting to this mode of protest after facing problems due to the wrong policies of the Union and state governments. On Monday, the doctors in the state expressed their resentment against the Clinical Establishment Act and other Union government policies.On July 1, a delegation of doctors from city will be heading for state capital to submit 180 resignations to the administration. The major reasons that prompted them to resign en masse are no-promotion, deficiency of medical officers, pay scale and no new posting to fill the vacant posts in the government hospitals.Patron of Madhya Pradesh Medical Doctors' Association Dr Deo Patodi, said, \"There is dearth of doctors in the state and government policies are hitting them hard. The government does not seem to adhere to the chief minister's announcement in favour of the doctors. The doctors were provided with four-level pay scale in 2008 but was cancelled in June 2009. Now, government has issued recovery orders. This mounted the displeasure among the doctors and doctors are going to resign from government jobs.\"Another doctor, Dr Madhav Hasani, said, \"The government has to strengthen its own infrastructure or else government health machinery will paralyse. Doctors are not ready to work under such conditions. The pay scale of doctors in state is far behind than their counterparts in the neighbouring states.\" According to the data of the state health department, about 6,000 posts of doctors have been sanctioned at different levels but only 3,200 doctors are working on papers in the state. If the guidelines of World Health Organization are to be believed, the state must have at least one doctor for 5,000 patients in government and private healthcare sector.Accordingly, at least 15,000 doctors are required to take care of a population of 7.5 crore. State president of the Madhya Pradesh Medical Doctors' Association, Dr Lalit Srivastava, said, \"Every year, 300-500 doctors retire and 50-60 are applying under the voluntary retirement scheme. In such a case, managing the work load in government hospitals is not possible with the present strength.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419351", "title": "Man drugged at New Delhi railway station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 33-year-old engineer returning from the US after completing a training programme was drugged and robbed by a gang at the New Delhi railway station.Rajendra Sharma, who works with an MNC in Noida, was robbed on June 12.\"I took a radio taxi and reached the New Delhi railway station in the early hours. A person approached me and initiated a casual chat. He ordered tea from an authorized vendor at the platform. After drinking the tea, I started feeling sleepy and fell unconscious within 10 minutes,\" Sharma said.\"When I regained my senses I was in the hospital. All my belongings, including three digital cameras, electronic equipment, around 2,000 dollars, wallet and other valuables were missing,\" Sharma said in his statement.The victim was unconscious for 24 hours and reported the incident to police two days back after which the railway police registered a case of theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14419957", "title": "Chiranjeevi would be CM candidate for Congress in 2014 elections: Congress legislator", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Congress legislator Jogi Ramesh's remarks in his constituency that Chiranjeevi would be the CM candidate for the Congress in 2014 elections created a flutter in political circles in the state on Tuesday. The intelligence wing was pressed into service immediately to confirm whether he made these remarks.Curiously, Ramesh became incommunicado soon after his controversial remarks. According to information, Ramesh attended a private function in his Pedana segment, a Kapu dominated constituency in Krishna district on Monday. During this, scores of Kapu leaders from across the constituency met the legislator and discussed the future of their leader Chiranjeevi.In an attempt to please them, Ramesh is believed to have casually said that there was nothing to worry about the future of Chiranjeevi as the Congress high command was contemplating projecting him as the chief ministerial candidate for the 2014 elections. \"We will work under Chiranjeevi's leadership during 2014 elections. We will all work like committed soldiers of Chiranjeevi in the Congress party,\" Jogi Ramesh reportedly said.Upon learning that his comments had created ripples, Ramesh reportedly told his close aides late at night that he had only meant that Chiranjeevi has a bright future in Congress. \"We are working under the dynamic leadership of Kiran Kumar Reddy and Botsa Satyanarayana. We will all work for the party which would take care of Chiranjeevi,\" Ramesh said. Ramesh, however, was unavailable for comments to TOI. Meanwhile, the intelligence wing sent a report to the chief minister's office confirming that Ramesh had indeed said that Chiranjeevi would be the party's next CM candidate.Jogi Ramesh, a non-local to Pedana constituency, contested and won the election in 2009 chiefly because of late YSR as Lagadapati Rajagopal had strongly resisted his entry from Mylavaram constituency. Ramesh, who is a BC, is worried about retaining his seat particularly after the PRP's merger into Congress as local Kapu strongman Buragadda Vedavyas is calling the shots in the party now.Vedavyas's family represented Pedana for a long time before he shifted to Machilipatnam in 2009 elections. Sources said Jogi Ramesh, in an attempt to placate Kapu voters, is attending private functions in Kapu leaders' residences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14420126", "title": "Hospitals here become casualty to Tamil Nadu power cut", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The daily 11-hour industrial power cut in Tamil Nadu has led to a medical emergency in Kerala. Government hospitals in the state are facing an acute shortage of bandages as cotton gauze supply from Tamil Nadu has come to a halt due to the power crisis there.\"The industrial units at Chatrapatti near Raja Palayam that manufacture cotton gauze are facing a severe crisis due to power shortage and hence they are unable to meet our demand,'' said Biju Prabhakar, managing director Kerala Medical Services Corporation Limited (KMSCL).Kerala which is fully dependent on the industrial units in Tamil Nadu for the supply of cotton gauze is now approaching units in Mumbai to meet the requirement of bandages for government hospitals. The government hospitals across the state require 28 lakh rolls of cotton gauze and now the units at Chatrapatti are unable to supply it. The state used to purchase 20 cm X 7.5 metre bandage cloth from these units and due to the shortage KMSCL had changed the tender specifications to meet the demand.\"We even changed the size of the gauze since these units informed us that they were unable to re-size it according to our requirement. Hence we placed orders for 100 cm X 20 metre size cotton gauze. But when the power restrictions became severe there they were unable to supply,'' Prabhakar explained.Though KMSCL had approached the wool industry in Gujarat to supply bandage cloth for the state they too declined due to the huge orders they already have from other states. However, a Mumbai firm has come forward to supply cotton gauze for Kerala.In fact Goldwin Medicare, a company based in Mumbai, is the only firm which participated in the latest tendering process. \"We have decided to approach them since there is no other way. A batch of 5.5 lakh rolls of bandage cloths will be reaching the state by July,'' said Prabhakar. The units at Chatrapatti used to offer one roll at a price of Rs.170, but now the price will go up to Rs.210 per roll for the Mumbai firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420066", "title": "Panic in Jaipur village after ammonia gas leak", "text": "JAIPUR: Natives of Panchayawala village woke up to panic a day after the area witnessed ammonia gas leak; the gas started leaking again on Tuesday morning from the storage tank of the same ice factory.After the police officials, civil defense and fire department temporarily sealed off the leakage on Monday evening by inserting a wooden stick in the valve; the gas started seeping out again on Tuesday morning.A team of police officers, disaster management and firemen rushed to the spot and evacuated the place again. Residents of more than 200 houses surrounding the factory were asked to lock their houses and go out till the leakage was controlled.\"The whole area was evacuated and fire tenders were pressed into service,\" said a senior police officer.However, all the lofty claims of the district administration governed disaster management team fell flat when the team on the spot failed to control the leakage.\"It is miserable to know that they failed to control the leakage and waited until the cylinders spilled over 1,000 kg of ammonia. And, finally they said it was controlled. There are so many such factories in the area and the administration has no measures to deal with such situations,\" said Laxman Singh, a native of Panchayawala village.What the disaster management team did was merely asking people to cover up their faces and to stay away from the ice plant.Anhydrous ammonia is a colorless gas with a sharp, suffocating odor. It can cause burning of the eyes, nose and throat along with dizziness and nausea if even a small amount is inhaled. Exposure to high levels of the gas can cause death.However; the police have registered a case against the factory owner under various sections of IPC. \"We will also take action against him under prohibitory orders mentioned in the CRPC,\" said Rajendra Nayan, circle inspector, Karni Vihar police station.Meanwhile, police added that they will conduct survey of factories in the city which are not following safety measures and will submit the report to the industries department and district collector.\"We will identify these factories and will submit our report to the concerned authorities for the cancellation of licences,\" said a senior police officer.It may be recalled that on Monday evening at 8.30 pm ammonia leakage was witnessed. Initially, the leakage was shut off with the help of wooden stick, but the seepage started again the following morning.Ammonia or more specifically \"anhydrous ammonia\" is a commonly used refrigerant in large freezing and refrigeration plants such as those involved in ice making, dairy products manufacturing and cold storage.Steps needed to prevent future gas leak episodes:1) An immediate inspection of ice and cold storage facilities to know about hazardous chemicals being produced, stored, used, treated or disposed of in industrial facilities, some of which may be located next to homes and schools2) Facilities with over 10,000 pounds of ammonia are required to develop a hazard assessment, a prevention program, an emergency response program and submit a risk management plan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14420207", "title": "Rajasthan University: Information Technology becoming rage among aspirants", "text": "JAIPUR: Fat pay packages in multinational companies and high growth rate is drawing students towards Information Technology branch of engineering. This branch has 12,500 seats aganist total of 54,000 seats in 154 engineering colleges affiliated to Rajasthan Technical University.The maximum number of seats offered by colleges and private universities together in a particular branch of engineering is related to computer science. Thanks to annual placements in bulk by forbes 500 companies like Infosys, Wipro etc. These companies have recruited upto 100 students in bulk from city engineering colleges reaffirming the faith of students in this branch.The setting-up of IT units in special economic zones like Mahindra World and Sitapura around Jaipur and Japenese hub in Neemrana has generated job oppurtunities in IT sector locally. Besides many successful independent IT ventures have set the predecment for other students.Deepak Saxena, head of student's advisory board at Rajasthan University was spotted counselling engineering students. He said, \"The most popular branch for students is Computer science, Electronics, followed by Mechanical. The choices of students are directly related with placements or high salary package.\"\"Forbes 500 IT companies are reguarly visiting the campuses for placements shows the boom for able candidates in IT sector. I feel that if i'll have a talent nobody can stop me to fetch my dream job,\" Mayoor Sharma, an aspiring engineering student. The average pay package was also above 3 lakhs. Untill, 2008-09 (recession period) this branch was the most poopular but thereafter it registered a decline leading to rise in other branches expecially Electronics and Ccommunication which 14,000 maximum number of seats.This year 60,000 students have appeared for Rajasthan pre-engineering test as against 54,000 seats in all engineering colleges across Rajasthan. The newly-opened engineering colleges and universities have given importance to this branch as it is selling like a hot cake.RP Yadav, vice-chancellor, Rajasthan Technical University voiced his concern over the mindset of students who opt for those branches which are popular today. \"Students are applying for those branches of engineering which fetch them more lucrative opportunities. However, they neglect their own interest and ends up landing nowhere, said Yadav.The students should plan career accordinge to their own interest, rather than carried away by the job opportunities. They should have good foresight regarding their branch, added Yadav.Jaipur has around 17 private universities and all of them have prominiently given space to IT branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418542", "title": "'Abandoned child was born in hospital'", "text": "MUMBAI: Sion hospital doctors have found out that the three-day-old baby girl who was found abandoned on Sunday was either delivered in a hospital or by a qualified medical practitioner. Clean-up marshals found the child, wrapped in clothes and a plastic bag, dumped in a garbage bin on the highway near Mankhurd in Trombay.The Sion Hospital doctors have found out that it was either at a hospital or by a qualified medical personnel who delivered of the three-day-old abandoned girl. She was found by cleanup marshals on Sunday afternoon in a garbage bin on the highway near Mankhurd in Trombay, wrapped in a plastic bag.After stabilizing the baby, who weighs 2.3 kg, and ruling out any infection, doctors informed the police that the infant had a plastic clip in the navel area when she was brought in. \"When the baby was brought here, resident doctors noticed that the newborn's umbilical cord was clamped. This is generally done in hospitals,\" said professor and head of neonatology Dr Jayashree Mondkar. She added the information had been passed on to the police.A resident doctor, who was present when the baby was brought in, said it was clear that the baby was abandoned within hours of birth. \"She was wearing a cap and some clothes. But she was drenched in rain and the clothes were wet,\" the doctor said. Though the infant will have to go through a few blood investigations to rule out any medical history, Mondkar said the girl looked perfectly healthy.Senior inspector of Trombay police station Sanjay Khaire said Sion hospital doctors would be the right people to provide information about the baby's birth time. \"According to the hospital, the mother would be known to the doctor where the delivery took place. But they will not be held responsible. It is the parents or the mother who would be accused of abandoning the newborn. We have registered a case under section 317 (exposure and abandonment of child under 12 years, by parent or person having care of it) of the IPC against the parents,\" said Khaire.On Tuesday help started pouring in for the child, who is being currently kept under observation at the transitional care unit (TCU) of Sion Hospital. While an US citizen has bought clothes, baby wraps and diapers for her, three others arrived in the hospital, wishing to donate money for her, and even enquired about adoption rules. \"Whenever such cases come here, people usually come forward to help,\" said hospital dean Dr Sandhya Kamath. The on-duty medical officer also had to field several queries about the infant. \"I had to explain to at least two persons that they cannot adopt a baby from a hospital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14422625", "title": "Ruling on Arizona law upsets Asians", "text": "WASHINGTON: South Asian groups in the US have expressed disappointment over the supreme court's decision not to strike down a controversial provision in Arizona's immigration law that they say will result in racial profiling and grant sweeping authority to police. The provision requires law enforcement agencies to probe individuals suspected of being undocumented.\"We are disappointed that the provision requiring state and local law enforcement to investigate individuals suspected of being undocumented was not struck down today,\" Deepa Iyer, executive director of South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT) said on Monday.Reacting to the decision, President Barack Obama said he was \"pleased\" that some parts of the law had been thrown out.Meanwhile, Arizona governor Jan Brewer applauded the court's ruling as \"a victory for the rule of law\" and a \"loss\" for opponents of her state's approach . Brewer said police engaged in racial profiling would be punished.The law authorizes police to arrest individuals without a warrant, based on the belief that the individual has committed a crime that could lead to deportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14426260", "title": "Gujarat high court to hear ISI conspiracy case from July 12", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A division bench of Gujarat high court is to start hearing appeals of convicts challenging their punishment in the ISI or jehadi conspiracy case from July 12.The hearing was scheduled to begin from Monday, but the special prosecutor sought adjournment and the division bench headed by justice D H Waghela has now kept hearing in the next month.On January 12, 2010, a special Pota court held 22 persons guilty of hatching terrorist conspiracy with help of Pakistan-based terror groups to avenge the 2002 riots. The court had also acquitted equal number of suspects.Of those convicted in this case, some were also jailed in connection with other terrorism related cases. Hence the HC released 13 of them on bail.Moreover, in this case 44 accused persons are still absconding, and many of them are considered as mastermind. The big names include Dawood Ibrahim , Chhota Shakeel, Sharif Khan, Rasool Party and Mufti Sufiyan Patangia.Among those 22 convicted by court for hatching terror plot and possessing arms illegally in notified Pota area, 18 were awarded 10-year rigorous imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs 10,000. They inclulded Mohammed Parvez, Yunus Sareshwala, Anas Machiswala, Riyaz alias Goru, Rehan Puthawala and Shahnawaz Gandhi. Three others got jail term for nine years, while an advocate implicated in this case got three years' jail.All 13 accused arrested from Hyderabad by the city crime branch including Maulana Naseeruddin were acquitted by the court on benefit of doubt.The crime branch had arrested 56 persons in this case, but two accused - Asghar Ali and Mohammed Rauf's names were dropped on ground of double jeopardy.Pota charges were removed from 10 other accused following SC order to implement Pota Review Committee recommendations. Finally, trial commenced against 44 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "y ramavaram (east godavari)", "code": "14419395", "title": "Maoist arms dump recovered in East Godavari", "text": "Y RAMAVARAM (EAST GODAVARI): The special party police unearthed a major Maoist arms dump, including rocket launchers and its spare parts, at Palagedda in Y Ramavaram mandal in the late hours of Monday. They also recovered iron rods intended to be made into barrels for guns, besides other explosive material. This is first time that the cops in east division unearthed a major dump of the Maoists.Earlier, the cops in East Godavari and Visakhapatnam had unearthed directional mines, which are said to be more lethal than landmines and claymore mines. The East Godavari police unearthed major dumps of Maoists twice this year.Following a tip-off, the anti-naxal squads were deployed for combing operations in Palagedda area, through which Maoists cross border and enter Odisha between Seeleru in Visakhapatnam and Donkarai in East Godavari district. Both are known to be strongholds of Maoists. The police unearthed six to eight main parts of a rocket launcher, iron rods used as barrels of double and single barrel guns, bolts and nuts.According to sources, the rocket launchers were believed to have been procured from Chennai where the outfit's technical committee member Madhu established a manufacturing unit. The brain behind the rocket launchers, Thota Kumara Swamy alias Tech Madhu alias Srinivasa Reddy, had surrendered before the Warangal police along with his wife Sudha alias Vasantha a few years ago.Before police were able to recover 1,400 rockets in a raid at a transport godown in Telangana region, Madhu had sent some of the rocket launcher parts to the east division. A sales person of Girijan Co-operative Corporation (GCC) in Darakonda of GK Veedhi mandal, against whom there are many cases registered in Visakha and Rampachodavaram police stations, received the consignment at Narsipatnam and transported them to Gummirevula near Darakonda area by a van. Sources said the recovered rocket launcher parts might be part of that consignment and the red rebels must have stored them at the dump six years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hazaribagh", "code": "14420956", "title": "Maoists on hunger strike in Hazaribagh jail for political prisoner tag", "text": "HAZARIBAGH: Altogether 50 CPI (Maoist) cadres lodged in the Jai Prakash Narayan Central Jail here went on weeklong hunger strike to press for their demand of according them the status of political prisoner.Jail superintendent M Hasan said the Maoists, led by central committee members Ravi Sharma, were on the path of agitation for fulfilling a seven-point of charter of demands that included according them political prisoner's status.\"There are 80 Maoists in this jail and of them 50 rebels are on hunger strike that will continue till July 2,\" Hasan said on Tuesday.The rebels are also demanding proper treatment of those who are released from jail after facing trial in courts. They alleged that police arrest their cadres after they were released from jail on flimsy pretext.\"I have sent the memorandum submitted by the Maoists to the state home department, prison department, deputy commissioner and the superintendent of police of Hazaribagh as we are not competent to take decision on these demands,\" said Hasan.The remaining 30 rebels will join the hunger strike from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14420129", "title": "MFL stock up 11% as PE raises stake", "text": "KOCHI: Baring India Private Equity has increased its stake in Manappuram Finance Ltd (MFL), the country's second largest gold loan company, to 5.94% by purchasing 0.95% in a transaction worth an estimated Rs 136 crore at Monday's closing price.The private equity firm bought just over 5 crore shares of Manappuram Finance from the open market. Baring India holds stake in Manappuram through its two investment vehicles, Baring India Private Equity Fund II and III. Post-acquisition, Baring Fund II holds 1.48% in the company, while Baring Fund III holds 4.46%.With investors getting upbeat on the news, shares of Thrissur-based Manappuram soared over 9% on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Tuesday.At the close of trading for the day, Manappuram shares were trading at Rs 30.20, 11.23% higher than its previous close of Rs 27.15. On Tuesday, trading volumes on BSE touched 7,217,320 compared to the 5-day average of 31,13,708 shares. Volumes traded on NSE touched 30,069,213, or 92% higher than the 5-day average of 59,75,789 shares.Market capitalisation of the company currently stands at Rs 2,540.28 crore. The stock carries a PE ratio of 4.30, compared to the industry average of 12.40. Earnings per share is currently at Rs 7.03 with a share book value of 2.31.Established in 1992, Manappuram is a non-deposit taking NBFC, providing retail loans against gold jewellery. It had 2,908 branches across India at the end of fiscal 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421786", "title": "Differently-abled demand welfare schemes", "text": "MADURAI: Police took custody of 104 differently-abled persons as well as their caretakers, when they attempted to lay siege to the district collectorate on Tuesday, citing various demands. However, they were later released in the evening.Members of the Tamil Nadu Association for the Rights of All Types of Differently-Abled and Care Givers took out a demonstration in front of the collectorate on Tuesday morning and raised slogans. When they attempted to hold siege of the collectorate later, the police took them into custody.P Jeeva, urban district president of the association said their major demand was the issue of disabled identity cards. They urged the district administration to hold a special camp to issue the disabled cards to all the differently-abled persons in the district. \"The administration provides pension under various government orders and specifications and differently-abled persons face a lot of hardship in getting the disabled pension. The differently-abled welfare, revenue and social welfare departments are involved in this process and we have to go to various offices to get the pension. So if the government provides the pension through the differently-abled welfare department, it will help us a great deal,\" Jeeva said.\"We are also seeking free land titles for the differently-abled. It is not an easy task to get rented houses for disabled persons, especially those with mentally disability,\" he pointed out. They also urging the administration to move the differently-abled welfare office to the district collectorate premises from its present location at Villapuram. \"Only in Madurai district, the office is situated in a far away location and we are made to run between these offices,\" Jeeva said.CPM MLA, R Annadurai who attended the demonstration said that the differently-abled were struggling to get the identity cards as a dedicated centre was not present in the district headquarters. \"The district administration should establish a centre like the one in Usilampatti to provide the cards on the spot,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426723", "title": "Technology bridging the gap between the abled and differently abled", "text": "No progress can be termed progress in the real sense of the term unless it is inclusive. Ria Kataria and Prerna Zaveri profile a few technological innovations that help differently abled students.JAWS and TALKSWith the internet spreading its wings into even the remotest places on earth, everybody wants to be tangled in the 'world wide web.' This is where Job Access with Speech enters the scene. More commonly known as JAWS, it strives to bridge the gap between the abled and differently abled. JAWS is a software that uses speech synthesis, especially designed for the visually impaired, helping them in accessing various applications and programmes on the internet or on the computer. The first version of JAWS was released in 1989 by Ted Hunter, an American computer programmer, after losing his sight in a car accident. Since then, it has gone through several upgrades and changes. From introduction of various speech recognition programmes to digital talking books; from windows support to an ITunes version; it has it all. With the latest addition of an OCR (optical charter recognition) which by an encoding process, helps the user to read or type out any scanned image uploaded on the computer, JAWS has expanded its prospects, proficiently helping the blind, ease into the digital world, today.Similar to JAWS, TALKS is a software exclusively designed for mobiles and smartphones. It converts the screen texts into a clear voice that enables the blind to operate their phones without difficulty. They can make calls; receive calls, read emails, text messages and even access the internet with the help of the text-to-speech technology. Both softwares are exceedingly user-friendly benefiting thousands of disabled people and thus helping in restoring normalcy.SMART PENSJust when we were getting used to typing and drawing on touch screens, the pen has emerged to be mighty again, and in a whole new form! A device that records lectures, audio books or notes with provisions of editing, instant playback or changeable formats, through a simple click of a button, can only be a boon to the world. Such are the functions of smart pens. With numerous people having learning disabilities like dyslexia, dysgraphia or attention deficit disorders; often struggling to keep up with the pace of learning in their classrooms or workplaces, the need for such devices is increasing and cannot be overlooked. A smart pen is like a modified stylus where it can analyse handwritings, thus efficiently converting it into digital documents. The users can therefore refer back to it at their disposal and alter these documents according to their choice and preference. The smart pens or digital pens can be used with special digital dot papers too where the documents can be transferred to a computer. What used to be a pen; with today's escalating modifications has transformed into something that helps people cope with their disabilities and perhaps conquer them too.FM SYSTEMNot having the ability to hear is another disability that plagues innumerable students. So, to make education plausible and easy to grasp, educationists have come up with a novel devise that is easily available and user-friendly. The 'FM System' adopted my students and teachers in institutes for the deaf have proved to be music for the ears. This piece of technology uses the fundamental concept of vibrations wherein, even a student with hearing impairment can easily comprehend each word the teacher speaks at that very moment, without any delays. Basically, The Frequency Modulated System is a wireless, portable, battery-operated MP3-looking device that uses radio transmission to send auditory signals. The teacher wears a microphone and the student either wears the receiver clipped to their clothing or connected to their hearing aid via an induction loop system or audio input cables. The teacher's voice is picked up by the microphone and sent to the FM transmitter. The receiver then converts the radio waves to electrical energy which is sent to the hearing aid for amplification. The sound is sent from the transmitter to the receiver that is attached to the person's hearing aids, by radio frequency waves. It can be used as a Personal Transmitter or a Free Field unit. Watching movies, driving the car and any form of close-contact communication is now extremely simple.APPLICATIONS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422449", "title": "Selection panel likely to name Vice President by July 4", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following an interface with the Panjab University teachers on June 28 for selection of three candidates for the post of vice-chancellor, the selection committee, designated with this task, is likely to come up with a verdict on these names before July 4.With a hold likely on all activities ahead of vice president's elections, who also holds the charge of PU chancellor, a nod on one candidate out of the three names would have to be given by his office. The term of Vice President of India, Hamid Ansari , comes to an end on August 10 and polls are likely to be conducted in the first week of August.Already expressing the \"urgency\" to select the nominees for the post of VC, the committee members said the process would be rounded up soon.Stating that the vice president office has not imposed a deadline for the selection, the members stated that the \"three names will be sent to the chancellor's office soon.\"Since its inception on February 9, this three member search committee has been witnessing several roadblocks in its work.There had been objections from several PU quarters that the committee, comprising Justice Leila Seth as convenor and Dr P Rama Rao and former ambassador I S Chadha as members, has not been formed according to government of India rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422225", "title": "Dance has been my life since I was 7: Malavika Sarukkai", "text": "CHENNAI: As a child, Malavika Sarukkai was thrilled when her family moved into a small ground floor house in Chennai. Earlier, they lived in an apartment on the first floor and the landlord would not allow her to practice her dance steps as it would disturb residents on the lower floor.\"But looking back, maybe it was this lack of physical space that compelled me to make the most of the stage whenever I performed. It drove me to come alive on stage, engage with that space and find abundance in it,\" says the Bharatanatyam exponent, who will perform on Wednesday at the Chinmaya Heritage Centre at 7pm for the Times Chennai Festival.At the age of seven, when she first began training in dance, Sarukkai was excited by the world she discovered. \"I found that dance fired me up. But over the years, it is not talent alone that keeps you going. You need enormous stamina and energy to power you through your 30s and 40s,\" says Sarukkai, who has received numerous awards, including the Padma Shri. \"It also helps if you are a bit of a dreamer.\"Describing her journey as a marathon, Sarukkai is quick to credit her mother for being a constant motivational factor. \"She allowed me to hold the compass and choose the direction I wanted to go. Even today, both of us can get immersed in endless, meaningful conversation while waiting inside a passport office, oblivious to who is around us,\" she says.On Wednesday, Chennaiites will have an opportunity to see her perform a contemporary poem written by her sister Priya Sarukkai Chabria called 'Bird song'. Sarukkai is also keen to present a piece called 'Raas', which is inspired by miniature paintings. \"It is the celebratory rendition of the moment of epiphany after the gopis hear Lord Krishna's flute and venture into the woods,\" she says. \"In a sense, it is a journey from the familiar to the unknown and helps them discover their inner selves.\"Sarukkai says she is constantly in search of such translucent, magic moments. \"Dance is my life. What drives me is that in every performance there are a few instances when everything comes together beautifully and the audience is truly soaked in the experience,\" she says. \"These moments are like starlight. I want to always stand in the benediction of this starlight.\"(The Times Chennai Festival is co-hosted by Sheraton Park Hotel and Towers. Complimentary invites to all events and performances are available at The Times of India office on Chamiers Road in Nandanam)Food Fiesta: Cookery class at The Great Kebab Factory between 3 pm and 5 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14419648", "title": "Gold chain stolen", "text": "NASHIK: A gold chain worth Rs 38,000 worn by a woman was stolen from the Samarth Garden area of Mhasrool.According to the police, Meghna Dhongde (32), resident of Dindori, was waiting for a bus near Samartha Garden on Monday at 3.30pm when an unidentified person on a motorbike came near her and snatched the gold chain she was wearing. A complaint in has been lodged at the Panchavati police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419911", "title": "Intelligence officer jumps to death", "text": "KOLKATA: Within four months of his joining the service, an officer of the Subsidiary Intelligence Bureau (SIB) jumped off the 15th floor of Nizam Palace on Tuesday. Police is yet to confirm the cause of his death but sources hinted that he was trying for a transfer to north India since he was unhappy with his current posting in Bongaon.Late afternoon, employees of different departments of Nizam Palace heard a huge thud and found a person lying in a pool of blood on the roof of a car parked in front of a building. The youth was taken to SSKM hospital where he succumbed to his injuries.The deceased was later identified as Rajkumar Grow (25), an ACIO-ranked officer from Rajasthan. He had come to Nizam Palace to meet his senior officers. No suicide note was found on the spot. \"For investigation, we will visit his rented house in Bongaon and would speak to his family members,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422147", "title": "Being good politician must to become VC: Parimal Trivedi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Apart from right educational qualifications and experience, it is important to be a good politician to become a vice-chancellor. These prerequisites were listed by Parimal Trivedi, whose term as the vice-chancellor (VC) of Gujarat University came to an end on Tuesday.Trivedi handed over the charge to pro VC Dr Mukul Shah, who will be the acting VC till the search committee finds the new executive head for the varsity. It needs mention that the search committee is nowhere close to naming a VC as it has met only twice so far.Meanwhile, talking to mediapersons on the last day of his six year term as VC, Trivedi said that he made sincere efforts to ensure GU's growth in terms of infrastructure and research. \"I also ensured that I get maximum central funds using my personal connections with officials in UGC.\"Trivedi's two-term tenure was one of the most controversial ever in the history of the university. During the six years, he faced allegations of corruption, voyeurism and casteist behaviour. The allegations by women employees of GU that CCTV cameras were installed in bathroom, embarrassed the VC the most. \"I was mighty upset with the allegation of installation of CCTV cameras in women bathrooms. I was at a loss to battle such lowly allegations,\" said Trivedi.Parimal Trivedi was the first VC in the history of GU to be arrested while in office. He was later released on bail. He had cried publicly and confessed that the episode had disturbed him and his family the most. Trivedi said that during his term there were 300 applications for approval to new colleges. As end of his term neared, there was under tremendous pressure to grant approvals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422285", "title": "Young Indoreans going game for yoga", "text": "INDORE: Of late, young Indoreans who normally have a craze for gymnasiums and aerobic, have also started turning to breath-controlled slow yogic exercises to stay fit. According to yoga experts in the city, there has been 25 per cent increase in the number of youngsters joining yoga classes during recent times.Ushee Dahima, a 25-year-old yoga instructor, is upbeat by the changing trend.\"Students, these days, have to cope with a lot of pressure. Life is no more 'all fun and no stress' for the youngsters, who struggle to meet teachers' expectations. Besides, they also face peer and parental pressure,\" she said, adding yoga needs to be made more interesting.While for many, it is more about maintaining physical health. The 19-year-old Kavya, an obese has reduced 5 kgs after having joined the yoga classes. \"Less flab has instilled confidence in me. Also, I think glow of my skin has increased after I joined yoga classes,\" says Kavya.Aditya, 14, says \"Before I started frequenting yoga classes, I used to badly suffer from headache. Condition of my asthma also improved due to yoga.\"Yoga, however, isn't just tempting the students. Many young professionals too are taking up yoga as a solution to many worries the modern day work culture brings along with it.\"I feel relaxed after performing yogic exercises. Yoga has also helped me in increasing my decision power,\" says Chetan Verma, a banker.Sheila Chaturvedi is a young working single mother. She depends on yoga to derive emotional and physical strength. \"I am almost religious about my morning 'Surya Namaskar' routine.\"Indore seems to have a good lot of such yoga centres or classes scattered around the city.Sangeeta runs such a centre in a community hall at LIG square and also seems to have noticed this increasing interest of youngsters in yoga.\"Chaotic lifestyle is to blame for the sudden spurt in growing interest of youngsters in yoga,\" says Sangeeta Gangwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418843", "title": "NMC education department defies state order on RTE", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) defiance of a clause under Right To Education (RTE) Act has left the state government red-faced. The state has designated NMC as the authority to identify neighbourhood schools within Nagpur city limits and issue a distance certificate for the same, but the local authority claims the rule book's wording is not explicit.Part III and point no. 5 of the state government's RTE rules (published on October 11, 2011) says 'the local authority shall designate a neighbourhood school for every settlement or area and shall make this information known to public'. Speaking to TOI, NMC's education officer Ram Dongarwar said, \"I need more clarity on which local authority the government is talking about. I have now written to the RTE in charge for Nagpur district asking him to issue me written orders for preparing distance certificates, without which I am helpless.\"When told that it is clearly understood that NMC would be the local authority within city limits, he replied, \"You and me saying does not matter, I need to have it in writing. There should be no confusion regarding this at all.\"A fuming Sanjay Deshmukh, project director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and head of RTE in state said, \"I am shocked to learn that a civic body employee is unaware of the term 'local authority'. The state will take strict against Dongarwar if even a single admission in Nagpur is cancelled due to lack of distance certificate as this is a case of dereliction of duty.\"TOI had reported on June 22 that NMC's standing committee had agreed to issue distance certificate after many parents had approached their education office for it. So even after the committee's decision was informed to Dongarwar he has stuck to his stand of 'lack of clarity' and refused to issue certificates.While the RTE as an act is applicable across the country the state government is permitted to frame rules for its implementation within their jurisdiction. The RTE pursues a neighbourhood policy which maintains that admissions under the free 25% quota can only take place in a school which is within a 1km radius of the applicant's residence. In Maharashtra, if a school does not get enough applicants it can expand its purview to an 'extended neighbourhood' of 3km.A state board-affiliated school's principal said, \"This confusion is creating more problems for us as parents do not understand the rules and regulations. Many of them keep coming at our admission counters and accuse us of misleading them regarding documents. We are stuck between an education department that is ignorant and arrogant and parents who just don't trust us at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418940", "title": "Man who killed wife escapes noose", "text": "MUMBAI: A Kolhapur man's sentence was commuted from death to life imprisonment on Tuesday by the Bombay high court, which observed that it is not the \"rarest of rare cases warranting extreme penalty\". The man had murdered his pregnant wife and attempted to kill his minor son. A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode gave a verdict on the confirmation of death sentence awarded to Ramesh Randive (39) and also his appeal.Randive was sentenced to three years' rigorous imprisonment for a murder bid on his son (3) and one month rigorous imprisonment for simple injury to his daughter (10). The sentences were to run concurrently.On August 6, 2008, Randive killed his two-month pregnant wife, Ashwini, in the wee hours when she refused to abort their third child. He struck her head with a log repeatedly. Randive tried to drown his son in a plastic drum, but his daughter and his 16-year-old niece saved the boy.Randive's legal aid advocate B P Jakhade argued that the prosecution relied on his daughter's testimony and claimed she could have been \"tutored\" and could not be basis for conviction. Moreover, his niece turned hostile during the trial. Jakhade said Ashwini may have died a meeting with accidental death due to fall of heavy object from beam of roof could not be ruled out.Additional public prosecutor Geeta Mulekar said his daughter's cogent evidence could not be brushed aside because she is a child witness. The judges disagreed that Randive had committed \"pre-planned murder\" and that Ashwini's pregnancy could be construed as an \"aggravating circumstance\". \"The evidence also denotes that in all probability in heat of anger the appellant may have lost self-control and after hitting his wife he attempted to commit murder of his son,\" wrote Justice Kode for the bench.The judges said considering the manner in which Randive murdered Ashwini and attempted to murder his son and since the same exhibits the extent of element of criminality of appellant, '' they sentenced him to life imprisonment with a direction not to release him before completing actual term of 18 years including the period already undergone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418319", "title": "UP Lokayukta reforms likely in next session", "text": "LUCKNOW: After passing the UP Lokayukta and Deputy Lokayukta (Amendment) Bill, in the current assembly session, the state government is mulling to accord more powers to the institution. And, if sources are to be believed, the second set of reforms for Lokayukta might come up in the next assembly session.The second set of reforms is likely to empower the Lokayukta to issue a search warrant, initiate a suo motu inquiry against corrupt public servants and take action in cases of contempt. UP Lokayukta Justice NK Mehrotra said, \"The amendments and reforms will only strengthen the institution.\"UP Lokayukta has been in existence since 1977. The demands for empowering the institution have been made by former Lokayuktas as well. But, it is for the first time that government has acted to bring UP Lokayukta at par with its powerful counterparts in Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh.In April this year the government had sought opinion of the incumbent Lokayukta on ways to strengthen the institution. Lokayukta had submitted a detailed proposal to the government asking to sanction a special police task force, authorised under the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to investigate criminal cases and also those filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act or Money Laundering Act.However, there has been mixed response on the question of extending the tenure of Lokayukta and its deputy to eight years. UP is the only state to have given an eight-year term for its Lokayukta.The state had earlier extended the five-year term to six years in 1988. Legal experts say that it was done to clear the pending inquiries. They also added that Lokayukta Act has no provision to extend the term of the Lokayukta and its deputy. The only other state to have done so is MP, which extended the five-year term of its Lokayuktas to six years in 1998.Talking about the provision of fine to tide over the frivolous and false complaints, former UP Lokayukta SC Verma said, \"It is a necessary move. Acting on a frivolous complaint, not only maligns the image of the public servant against whom it is filed, but also lowers the dignity of the office of the Lokayukta.\"The Lokayukta office receives 200 to 300 complaints per month. And, not all of them are genuine. There are also instances, where complainants withdraw their complaints once their grievances are solved, as soon as Lokayukta takes cognizance of the complaint. In such cases, the provision of Rs 50,000 as fine will act as a deterrent.The former Lokayuktas had submitted the proposal to the then governments asking for revival of the institution, but, none of the governments acted. This time around, the institution might be reinforced by bringing under its ambit all the state universities (deemed and private), and their vice-chancellors and the faculty. Further, all government societies and other societies registered under the Society Registration Act, aided NGOs, government and non-government trusts, private engineering and medical colleges, aided schools and other government-aided organisations might come under the purview of the Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426624", "title": "Courtney Love sued by ex lawyers over unpaid fees", "text": "Courtney Love is being sued by her lawyers for over 400,000 dollars in alleged unpaid legal bills.According to TMZ , Keith A. Fink and Associates have claimed that the widow of Kurt Cobain failed to pay them for ten months of work they did, News.com.au reported.Instead of hard cash the 47-year-old allegedly sent them gifts, thank you notes and even gig tickets. The Lawyers revealed that all her cheques bounced, despite assurances from her manager that the money was coming out of the Nirvana estate.However, Love's spokesman, Steve Honig, claimed that the singer had not been served with anything.\"So as far as we're concerned there is no lawsuit,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14422530", "title": "Marine Drive to get more beauty spots", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has given an in-principle approval for Marine Drive phase II beautification project.Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA), which proposed the project, has been asked to submit a detailed project report (DPR) and environment impact assessment (EIA) report within three months. The decision was announced at a meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy at Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday.GCDA chairman N Venugopal said that the agency would have to select two competent agencies for preparing DPR and EIA reports. \"This proposal is part of the Vision-2030 programme that is being drafted by GCDA. The DPR will include construction of a ring road and walkway till Varapuzha,\" he said. The 10.5 kilometre ring road will connect Vaduthala, Kadamakkudi, Cheranallor and Varapuzha. The road will have a width of 3.5 metre.The beautification project, also known as Cochin Marine Drive Scheme (CMDS) Phase 2, involves a proposal to reclaim 400 hectares of land extending from Goshree Island Development Authority land to Varapuzha.The plan includes setting up a world trade centre, international convention centre and entertainment zone. GCDA proposes to undertake this project under public private partnership. The development of an entertainment zone is also part of CMDS. The projects envisaged here are oceanarium, dolphinarium, laser shows and a dancing fountain.The meeting convened by the CM Chandy was attended by MLAs representing Ernakulam, Thripunithura, Thrikkakkara, Palluruthy, Paravoor and Aluva. The district collector and chairman of Cochin Port Trust also attended the meeting.GCDA had earlier held discussions with a 16-member team of experts to plan projects for Vision-2030. Representatives of various local bodies discussed plans during the second round of talks. The authority will hold further discussions with Ernakulam MLAs, as well as experts and bureaucrats, to give final shape to Vision-2030.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426353", "title": "Can Pawan Kalyan beat Ram Charan's record?", "text": "As Gabbar Singh inches closer to the 50-day mark the big point of discussion on most mega fans minds is whether the film can beat the record set by Ram Charan's 2009 blockbuster, Magadheera. The film holds the record for completing 50 days in 272 centers, the most by a Telugu film ever.Currently Gabbar Singh is running successfully in about 300 screens statewide. At this rate the film looks poised to break the record but a slew of new films are expected to release this Friday which would alter the equation bringing down the number of theaters screening Gabbar Singh. But Pawan Kalyan's fans are confident that Gabbar Singh will rewrite the record books once again.Can the Pawan Kalyan juggernaut steamroll the Magadheera records at the BO? The judgment day is June 29th which will mark the 50th day for Gabbar Singh it will be clear, if Pawan mania emerges trumps over Ram Charan's period drama. Keep watching this space for more updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14426355", "title": "Rift between Kerala CBSE school management, state government over Malayam as subject", "text": "KOCHI: The rift between Kerala CBSE school managements and the state government has deepened with the CBSE schools alleging that the state government is forcing them to introduce mother tongue -Malayalam - as a compulsory subject in schools till standard X from this academic year. Upset, the CBSE schools have now approached CBSE chairman with a request to intervene.\"Under the guise of implementing Right to Education Act, the state government has been imposing a good number of restrictions and impediments in the functioning of CBSE schools. One major initiation is to prescribe Malayalam as compulsory for CBSE schools also up to X'th level. ... Students belonging to those parents who are under frequent and routine transfers across the country will find it extremely difficult if all the state government follow suit,\" states a memorandum submitted by the Kerala CBSE School Managements Association to CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi.Malayalam is taught as a compulsory subject till standard VIII in the CBSE schools in the state. From standard IX, it is an optional subject. But the state government wants this to change from this academic year. \"This academic year, the state government has written several letters to CBSE schools, asking us to introduce Malayalam as the first language till standard X. But it is not possible for us to follow this diktat\", said Kerala CBSE School Managements Association secretary Dr Indira Rajan.The memorandum was submitted to Joshi on Saturday in Kochi. Confirming that they have submitted to the CBSE chairman, Rajan said, \"Written clarification from the CBSE as well as government of India to the state governments is essential to sort out the role of the state government in the administrative and academic matters of CBSE schools. Otherwise confusion and unrest will continue and our very existence is under threat due to the state government's attitude.\"Alleging that under the guise of RTE Act, the state government has been trying to make the Kerala Educational Rules (KER) applicable to CBSE schools in the state, the memorandum states that the local government is interfering in the faculty appointment, fixation of fee structure in CBSE schools and inspection is being carried in CBSE schools by state board officials based on SCERT syllabus.To counter this, the school management in the memorandum stated that every year NCERT officials should inspect CBSE schools to ensure better compliance and quality in academic matters. \"If this is followed the state government insistence for SCERT level inspection in CBSE school can be avoided and any contradiction/ confusion on account of the latter can also be removed once for all,\" the memorandum states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426638", "title": "Salim Kumar turns producer with 'Musical Chair'", "text": "While actors turning producers is not a new trend in Mollywood, lately the number has swelled what with Kunchacko Boban and Mammootty himself foraying into production. The latest to join the bandwagon is National Award winner Salim Kumar who is floating his own banner Laughing Villa.His first production venture is titled Musical Chair , with Sreenivasan, Thilakan, Rakshika Kaushik and Sunanda Banerjee, will be directed by newcomer Sibin. The film will have Salim Kumar playing a double role, that of a father and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14420148", "title": "Nod for facelift of Marine Drive to get more beauty spotsphase II", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has given an in-principle approval for Marine Drive phase II beautification project.Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA), which proposed the project, has been asked to submit a detailed project report (DPR) and environment impact assessment (EIA) report within three months. The decision was announced at a meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy at Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday.GCDA chairman N Venugopal said that the agency would have to select two competent agencies for preparing DPR and EIA reports. \"This proposal is part of the Vision-2030 programme that is being drafted by GCDA. The DPR will include construction of a ring road and walkway till Varapuzha,\" he said. The 10.5 kilometre ring road will connect Vaduthala, Kadamakkudi, Cheranallor and Varapuzha. The road will have a width of 3.5 metre.The beautification project, also known as Cochin Marine Drive Scheme (CMDS) Phase 2, involves a proposal to reclaim 400 hectares of land extending from Goshree Island Development Authority land to Varapuzha.The plan includes setting up a world trade centre, international convention centre and entertainment zone. GCDA proposes to undertake this project under public private partnership. The development of an entertainment zone is also part of CMDS. The projects envisaged here are oceanarium, dolphinarium, laser shows and a dancing fountain.The meeting convened by the CM Chandy was attended by MLAs representing Ernakulam, Thripunithura, Thrikkakkara, Palluruthy, Paravoor and Aluva. The district collector and chairman of Cochin Port Trust also attended the meeting.GCDA had earlier held discussions with a 16-member team of experts to plan projects for Vision-2030. Representatives of various local bodies discussed plans during the second round of talks. The authority will hold further discussions with Ernakulam MLAs, as well as experts and bureaucrats, to give final shape to Vision-2030.Kochi: In a move that would result in the setting up of large scale development projects in the city, the state government accorded in-principle approval for Marine Drive phase II beautification project. The Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) which has proposed the project has been asked to submit a detailed project report (DPR) and environment impact assessment (EIA) report within three months. The decision was announced at a meeting convened by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy at Thiruvananthapuram on Tuesday.GCDA, chairman, N Venugopal said that the agency would have to select two competent agencies for preparing DPR and EIA reports. \"This proposal is part of the Vision 2030 programme that is being drafted by GCDA. The DPR will include construction of a ring road and walkway till Varapuzha,\" he said. The 10.5 kilometre long ring road will connect Vaduthala, Kadamakkudi, Cheranallor and Varapuzha. The road will have a width of 3.5 metres.The beautification project also known as Cochin Marine Drive Scheme (CMDS) Phase 2 involves the proposal to reclaim 400 hectares of land extending from Goshree Island Development Authority land to Varappuzha. The plan includes setting up a world trade centre, international convention centre and entertainment zone. GCDA proposes to undertake this project under public private partnership. The development of an entertainment zone is also part of CMDS. The projects envisaged here are oceanarium, dolphinarium, laser shows and a dancing fountain.The meeting convened by the Chief Minister was attended by MLAs representing Ernakulam, Thripunithura, Thrikkakkara, Palluruthy, Paravoor and Aluva. The district collector and chairman of Cochin Port Trust also attended the meeting. The GCDA had earlier held discussions with a 16 member team of experts to plan projects for Vision 2030. A second round of talks were held with the representatives of various local bodies which fall under the preview of Greater Cochin. The authority has also decided to hold further discussions with the MLAs from Ernakulam district as well as experts and bureaucrats to give final shape to Vision 2030.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419891", "title": "Cabinet will miss Pranab\u2019s presence, Manmohan Singh says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday said his government owed a deep debt of gratitude to outgoing finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and the cabinet would miss his presence.In a letter to Mukherjee after he resigned from the finance minister's job to contest the presidential elections, Singh wished him success in the election to the highest office.\"Our government owes a deep debt of gratitude to you for your invaluable contribution to its work over the last eight years,\" Singh said in his letter.\"Our colleagues in the cabinet and I have benefitted from your wise counsel on innumerable occasions and we will all deeply miss your presence amidst us. We hope to see you occupy the exalted position of President next month and are confident that our country and people will continue to benefit from your wisdom, knowledge and decades of experience in public life,\" the Prime Minister said.Earlier, Mukherjee, in his last interaction with the media as finance minister, said he was \"honoured and humbled\" on his nomination as a candidate to contest the presidential election by UPA-2 supported by the Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party, Janata Dal (United), Shiv Sena, CPM, Forward Block and other parties.\"Yet, standing on the brink of such an honour, I also feel a tinge of sentiment at the thought of leaving behind my life as a political activist, spanning over four decades. I will miss my colleagues in the ministry of finance. And I will also miss not being stopped while getting into my car and getting out of my car in front of the ministry of finance by you all,\" he told the massive media contingent.Mukherjee said he had travelled a great distance in his life but always reminded himself that he was born in a remote village in Bengal.\"I saw the lives of poor farmers and simple folks of rural India. I know that not every decision I have taken might have been right. But I have taken those decisions always keeping in mind those simple and poor people I knew from my childhood,\" Mukherjee said, flanked by minister of state Namo Narain Meena and a battery of top finance ministry officials.He said the media had always reminded him of his responsibility, most of the time through criticism, and sometimes, through appreciation. \"I do hope our relationship will continue,\" he said before driving off to submit his resignation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418974", "title": "Nagpur artist's show rides on wings of fantasy", "text": "NAGPUR: As against the innumerable abstracts that pass off as works of art, Chinmay Pradhan's paintings stand out for their visualization. Using mythological characters, 24-year-old Pradhan depicts contemporary concerns like environment, wildlife and the constant battle between good and evil.However, he realizes that even gods require greater power to combat modern day evils. So he gives them wings and other modern gadgetry to fight. 'Last Straw', an acrylic, which is his favourite, shows a winged Krishna, angered by the vicious act of plucking of a peacock feather, resorting to the use of his Sudarshan chakra.Kaali, the annihilator, has a robotic arm hanging from her waist. For this artist, Shiva the Neelkanth is the only one who can rid the earth of deadly pollution while Hanuman, who he depicts as a flying superhero, is the saviour of mankind.Chandrakant Channe, dean of CISFA, from where Pradhan has done his masters in fine arts, says that the young boy listens to his inner voice. \"I call him Dhwani. His paintings speak out so loudly,\" he says.His line drawings are equally powerful. The work in charcoal demonstrates the purity and sharpness of his thoughts. Saluting the power and beauty of the wildcats, he gives them happy facial expressions as in the work titled 'Mom.'Pradhan's hero is Superman. So the tiger gets wings to fight, an ordinary person gets wings of fancy to realize his dreams. Good and evil are characters out of cartoon films. These influences of advertisement and animation are a result of watching too much television, says his father Rajendra Pradhan.\"Our effort has been to keep his environment as normal as possible. This shows in the positivity that emerges on canvass. The desire to free the world of all evils is expressed in every painting,\" says the father.It's a great sentiment coming from a boy who is hearing and speech impaired since birth. Chinmay was born with profound deafness. His first solo show, opened on Tuesday at CISFA Ki Chhoti Gallery, and will run till June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421861", "title": "Blackmailed by gay partners, 17-year-old plots dad\u2019s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: A teenage boy on Tuesday stunned police investigators, who were probing a complaint of missing cash, with revelations that made for a sordid tale of gay sex, blackmail and a plot to murder his father, a businessman.Officers of the Seven Wells police, investigating a complaint by a textile businessman from Elephant Gate who said Rs 2 lakh in cash had gone missing from his house over a period of three months, zeroed in on the complainant's 17-year-old son Vishal (name changed).During interrogation, Vishal, a Plus-2 student of a private school in Kothavalchavadi, confessed to stealing the money. He told investigators that he had hatched a plan to kill his father after he threatened to stop giving him pocket money. \"Vishal said he had been blackmailed into stealing money by Arvind and P Nithesh, a 21-year-old former student of their school, who also got into a physical relationship with the two boys,\" an investigating officer said.Vishal said he had developed a relationship with his classmate Arvind (name changed), the son of a financier who lived in the Elephant Gate area, in 2008. \"Arvind frequented Vishal's house where they watched porn movies and filmed sexual acts on their cellphones,\" the officer saidArvind was not able to concentrate on his studies and dropped out in Plus 1. \"He wanted to continue living the high life and started exhorting money from Vishal by threatening to expose the clips to his friends and family,\" the officer said. A few months ago, Nithesh grew suspicious about their relationship and confronted Vishal.\"Vishal said they were in a relationship and said Arvind had started blackmailing him,\" the officer said. \"Assuring Vishal he would help him, Nithesh asked him to sever ties with Arvind and be his partner.\"But Nithesh connived with Arvind to exhort money from Vishal. \"They threatened to expose him and coerced him into stealing money from his house,\" the officer said. \"In May, Vishal's father refused to give him money. Vishal then asked Nithesh to help him bump off his father.\" The businessman discovered that large sums of money had gone missing from the house and lodged a police complaint on Monday.Police registered a case under IPC Sections 506 (i) (punishment for criminal intimidation) and 384 (extortion) and arrested Nithesh. Investigators took Arvind into custody and sent him to a home for juveniles in conflict with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14424525", "title": "Temple treasury fraud in Guruvayur Temple: Court awards six months jail term", "text": "THRISSUR: Chavakkad judicial magistrate court has convicted former Guruvayur Devaswom attender to six months of imprisonment in a connection with seizing Rs 16, 505 from temple treasury. Judicial first class magistrate R L Baiju convicted K P Unnikrishnan of Guruvayur on Tuesday.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 3000 on the convict. The incident was happened on June 3, 2005. The officials would frisk the persons who were appointed to count money put in the temple treasury, when they enter and coming out of the room in the temple. On June 3, 2005 officials seized Rs 16,505 from Unnikrishnan's dress while he was coming out after counting the offering.Later he was suspended and Devaswom started inquiry. Unnikrishnan's claim was that his niece had given to the said amount to put in the treasury as offering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419393", "title": "Centre may buy back Delhi-Gurgaon expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is considering the option of buying back the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway project in case there are no solutions to commuters' woes at toll plazas on this stretch. Once that happens, National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) could make this stretch toll free and find a permanent solution to congestions at toll plazas.Highways minister CP Joshi mentioned this while chairing a meeting of senior officials of Centre and Haryana government and a few private developers on Monday evening.Those who attended the meeting told TOI that the minister said his office has been receiving complaints of expressway mess from commuters and even politicians. \"Many from his home state, Rajasthan, who come to meet him also complain about the long jam at two toll plazas on the expressway,\" said a source.On Tuesday, Joshi said that they would have no option than to buy back the project if the situation does not improve. Already NHAI has issued contract termination notice to the private concessionaire and the developer has challenged it in the Delhi high court.\"All our future moves will depend on the court order. If the situation doesn't improve even after the court order we may go for buying back the project. All our moves including serving the termination notice are to find solutions to the mess,\" Joshi said. He said there is opposition by locals who have to pay toll even when they use only a small portion of the expressway.Sources said a top ministry official also told the minister that there is no provision of buying back the project in the contract agreement. \"The official pointed out that NHAI has to terminate the project first before buying it back. The authority can find tens of flaws in any project to terminate. Then it can work out the compensation that NHAI has to pay to the developer,\" said a senior NHAI official.Any option to buy back the project without terminating the contract could actually do more damage to NHAI, sources said. As per norms, the developer could raise a claim based on the calculation of the amount it could have earned from the toll collection during the remaining years of the contract period.At present, the developer collects around Rs 160 crore annually from toll and there is about 12-15% increase every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422404", "title": "Consult doctors as extreme heat can stress heart", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Randeep Sagar, 37, an executive in a company was rushed to the cardiac care unit following his having gulped down a lot of glasses of water. Extreme weather conditions and rise in humidity had stressed his heart muscles which were already weak resulting in a heart attack. Karan Verma, 42, who has been diagnosed with high blood pressure and had been regular with his medicines suddenly found his blood pressure soar beyond normal levels. Later he was told that excessive sweating had been a contributory factor to rise in blood pressure.Though there is not enough epidemiological data to support that summers and humidity increase heart diseases, cardiologists do come across many cases in summer. \"Stress is a major risk factor and extreme weather conditions add to it. Moreover one gets so exhausted that most people tend to reduce or stop exercise/walks,\" said Dr Arun Kochar, senior interventional cardiologist in Mohali.Doctors recommend those patients who are on diuretics\u2014medicines prescribed to BP patients that allow excess of urination--to monitor their electrolyte balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14422563", "title": "Railway station to wear a new look soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode railway station, which was selected by the Union railway ministry in 2010 for being upgraded into a world-class station, finally has something to cheer about. It will soon sport an escalator and have lifts for easier access to platforms, which will be fully covered and have toilet facilities.Piyush Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Palakkad division, held discussions with senior railway officials on Tuesday on the progress in the implementation of the development projects at the railway station. Kozhikode MP M K Raghavan was also present. After the meeting, Raghavan said the tendering process for installing escalators and lifts had begun and that contracts would be awarded soon. He said steps had been taken to provide roof for the whole length of platforms 1 and 2. He also said toilet facility would be set up on platforms 2 and 3. The MP and the DRM also inspected the site for the proposed approach road to platform No 4. Raghavan said the state government would bear the cost of acquiring the land needed for connecting Francis Road to platform No 4.\"Direct road connectivity to platform 4 would reduce congestion at the railway station by 30% as all south-bound passengers can reach the platform without using the roads leading to the main entrance to platform 1,\" he said.The other development works being planned for the railway station include construction of an additional footbridge at the south end and setting up more reservation counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422323", "title": "Love triangle behind Hosur boy\u2019s murder: Police", "text": "CHENNAI: The investigation into the alleged murder of Sandesh Mandal, a class 11 boy, in Hosur, Krishnagiri district, in October 2011 has taken a new turn with the police narrowing down on four youths, including a schoolboy and an engineering student, saying the boy was probably killed owing to a love triangle.While Sushil Mandal, father of the boy, has maintained in a habeas corpus petition filed before the Madras high court that his son was kidnapped by his tuition teacher's husband, I R Rajkumar, a central excise inspector in Hosur, as the boy was in love with his daughter, police suspect the involvement of the youths. Police informed the court on Monday that they had found the skeleton of the boy and were awaiting scientific confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14425767", "title": "Rupam Islam all set to debut as a solo singer abroad", "text": "The I-am-my-own-competition line has been around for years \u2014 ever since celebs have been, actually.But Rupam Islam has added a new meaning to the phrase by announcing his recent outing abroad, where he'll not just be performing with Fossils, but will also be making his debut as a solo performer \u2014 both on the same platform.Rupam &amp; Co. will be leaving Kolkata on July 3 for Las Vegas, where the band will be giving a highvoltage performance on July 6 at the North American Bengali Conference. And on July 7, Rupam will be doing a solo gig on the same stage. This will be Fossils' third gig in the US. Travelling with his band isn't new, but giving a solo performance is. How does it feel? \"Earlier, there were plans to hold an awards ceremony at the conference, which I was supposed to attend both as an awardee and a solo singer. When the plans were revised, the organizers invited Fossils to perform. But my name for the solo show was already announced, hence, the two gigs,\" says the band frontman.While the song lineup for Fossils is a mix of new and old numbers like \"Keno korle erokom\" and \"Tomar chokher kalo\", for the solo show, Rupam is yet to decide on the final songlist. Considering that his repertoire of hit songs is vast, the singer reflects, \"I will be singing \"Beche thakar gaan\", \"Na Hanyate\" and a new song from \"Ami vs Tumi\", which I've composed with Allan (Ao) and Neel (Adhikari), among others.\"Since there are two shows, preparations are also double the usual. Says Rupam, \"Rehearsals with Fossils is in full swing. Then, I'm trying to squeeze time out to practise for my solo show. In between, there's demo recording for Fossils' new album and mixing for \"Ami vs Tumi\". I'm also busy composing new songs for Fossils.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14426495", "title": "Rahul should join govt: Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid expectations of a Cabinet reshuffle, external affairs minister S M Krishna on Wednesday strongly pitched for Rahul Gandhi's entry into the government, saying it was \"necessary\" to help in solving the problems faced by the country.Krishna noted that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had already asked Rahul Gandhi to join the government and his \"invitation\" stands.\"We have always wanted Rahul Gandhi's involvement in the government. The Prime Minister's invitation is there to join the government but he himself seems to be not inclined at the moment,\" the minister said at an interaction with journalists here.He was asked whether he thought Rahul, 42, should be made a minister after Pranab Mukherjee resigned to contest the presidential poll.\"I am one of those who feel that it is necessary for Rahul Gandhi to come into the government and help the government in solving the problems that we face as a country,\" Krishna said.Mukherjee, the government's trouble-shooter, quit as finance minister yesterday, ahead of filing of his nomination papers on Thursday for the July 19 presidential poll.Virbhadra Singh also resigned on Tuesday as micro, small and medium industries (MSM) minister in the wake of framing of corruption charges against him by a Himachal Pradesh court.This has led to expectations of a reshuffle of the Cabinet.For the time being, the Prime Minister has kept the finance portfolio with himself and given additional charge of MSM portfolio to science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419905", "title": "Trader beaten to death at Patuli", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old man was beaten to death by one of his neighbours at Baishnabghata Patuli township late on Monday night. Police rounded up the accused and booked him for culpable homicide.Neighbours Pravat Das, the victim, and Gopi Jana, the accused, had a long-standing enmity over demarcation of their plots. Das owns a shop at the local market and Jana is associated with building materials supply trade. Recently, Jana reconstructed a portion of his house. His tussle with Das resurfaced during the construction work.Sources said both Das and Jana were active members of the ruling party. Of late, Das also ventured into the building materials supply trade. The duo was members of rival supply syndicates. The enmity over property between the victim and accused magnified in recent times due their allegiance to rival syndicates.Locals claimed Jana turned violent after a scuffle broke out between the duo on Monday night. He picked up a bamboo stick from his courtyard and started beating up Das. Critically injured, Das was taken to Baghajatin State General Hospital where he succumbed to his wounds around 1am. Late at night, police from Patuli rounded up Jana and charged him for unintentional murder. He was booked under section 304 IPC.Local Trinamool Congress leader Moloy Mazumdar, who is also a mayor-in-council member of the KMC, admitted that both were Trinamool activists but denied the possibility of any enmity over supply syndicate. \"They had some personal problems over demarcation of land which led to the incident,\" said Mazumdar. DC SSD Sujay Chanda said that the accused confessed his crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418659", "title": "Lack of funds major hurdle, say local leaders", "text": "NAGPUR: Mention Nag river and chances are that the name would evoke a pained grimace. The river, which has given the city its name, has got only apathy and pollution in return. What's even more depressing is that the condition of two more rivers - Pili and Pohara - that pass through the city is just as bad.Unfortunately, public representatives, administration and government has been turning a blind eye towards the rivers for decades. Questioned as to why is there no attention being paid to these three rivers-turned-sewers, senior corporator Praful Gudadhe explained, \"NIT was accountable for planning and developing the city till 2001 and maintaining these rivers was under their jurisdiction. They did not take any action to clean these drains. NMC became responsible for it only after 2001,\" he said.He also disagreed that political leaders are not taking any measures to purify the drains. \"We have been talking about it since years now and it involves detailed planning, crores of rupees and a lot of time,\" he added.East Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde believes that the ruling party in Nagpur has a different outlook about our city. \"Proper funds are not being channelized for the development of these rivers. Representatives have discussed these matters with the chief minister and the deputy chief minister but the government is not paying any heed at all,\" he said.Cleaning these rivers is no easy job. It takes a massive amount of money to complete these projects, say leaders, adding that until now, the cash-strapped NMC had little funds to execute the project. \"Central government responded in this matter and gave us an initial approval after three years. It may take another two years for the confirmation to come. We cannot think of starting the work if the progress pace is this slow,\" said Sandip Joshi, former standing committee chairman and senior corporator.However, citizens who carelessly dump garbage and defile the rivers are just as responsible for the mess. \"The government and NMC are not the only ones responsible for this condition. Had the citizens been a little conscious about keeping the city clean, the condition would have not been so bad,\" he added.Deputy mayor Sandeep Jadhav also says that the fund requirement for these tasks is too huge for just the NMC. \"We need to reconstruct even the retaining walls because they are too weak now. For the beautification of Nag river, we have talked to the central government for issuing funds. And, frankly, it all depends on the fund availability,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14418032", "title": "Thousands rendered homeless as floods hit Jorhat, Sivasagar districts", "text": "JORHAT: The flood situation in upper Assam turned critical on Tuesday with water level in the Brahmaputra and it's tributaries rising continuously over the past 24 hours. More than 1.5 lakh people in Jorhat and Sivasagar districts have been affected by the flood and the mighty river has washed away embankments in several places in Jorhat and Sivasagar causing inundation of more than 150 villages in the two districts.More than 70,000 people in the 63 villages under Majuli revenue circle have also been affected. Thousands of people have been rendered homeless and many of them are taking shelter on the embankments. Floodwaters damaged hundreds of hectares of agricultural land in the river island so far.\"Many people lost their houses and properties and we have set up three relief camps on the island. We are starting to distribute relief materials among the victims from Tuesday,\" said Sonaram Khanikar, Majuli sub divisional officer.Meanwhile, more than 20 villages under the Teok revenue circle and 30 under the Jorhat West revenue circle have been submerged. The 5,000-odd population in Teok revenue circle has been rendered homeless. In Sivasagar more than 70,000 people of about 60 villages in Netaipukhuri, Dikhowmukh, Dissangmukh and Rupahimukh area have been affected. District administration deployed army teams to rescue the flood victims in several places.In another development, a report by the Central Water Commission (CWC) said that the Brahmaputra on Tuesday was two metres above the danger mark at Neematighat and it will keep swelling over the next 12 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419456", "title": "India among top 10 land grabbers, sellers: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is among the top 10 nations to acquire land in both domestic and transnational deals, according to a report released this month by the Washington-based World Watch Institute (WWI). It lists India as a big investor in land globally and among the top 'land grabbers' because what is acquired is agricultural land.The data has been sourced from an international coalition of NGOs and research groups called the Land Matrix project who have published the world's largest database of land deals struck since 2000. Around 70.2 million hectares of agricultural land worldwide have been sold or leased to private and public investors since 2000.Of the 82 listed investor countries in the database, Brazil, India, and China account for 16.5 million ha, or around 24% of the total hectares sold or leased worldwide. India has acquired around 3.2 million ha from East Africa , mainly Ethiopia and Madagascar and 2.1 million ha from southeast Asia (Indonesia and Lao People's Republic).Interestingly, India is also among top 10 countries where land has been acquired by other nations. As per the report, around 4.6 million ha land has been acquired from India in 113 separate deals.WWI in its report dubs it 'land grab' because it refers to the large-scale purchase of agricultural land by public or private investors.Agricultural land grab is likely to have a huge impact not just on ecology but also livelihoods of communities in these countries, according to the report.\"In many cases, the deals displace local farmers who already occupy and farm the land, but who frequently lack formal land rights or access to legal institutions to defend these rights,\" says authors of the report.Simpreet Singh of National Alliance of People's Movements feels that the trend is alarming. \"In the last few years India has been part several huge land deals. This is usually considered as the arrival of India in the global scenario. But it is a kind of neo-colonialism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14422583", "title": "Knitwear Club takes up problems with CM", "text": "LUDHIANA: Daunted by problems like workforce shortage and increasing prices of raw material, the Knitwear Club has written to the chief minister, apprising him of the problems being faced by them. The club is one of the biggest organizations of hosiery industrialists in the city.\"The hosiery industry in Ludhiana, despite being over 100 years old and enjoying the reverence and status of mother industry in Punjab, is surrounded by many problems that have been constantly neglected by the government,\" said Vinod Thapar, chairman of the club.He added, \"The club represents more than 12,000 small and medium knitwear and textile units. Despite that, it has to face problems including, shortage of labour, rise in prices of the raw materials and electricity.\"Darshan Dawar, president of the club said, \"If such a situation prevails, the industries' share in global textile market will be permanently taken away by competitive countries like China, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Vietnam.\"He said, \"The government is inviting large textile companies and big brands to set up their production units in Punjab with the motive of making profit. The move is bound to affect the manufacturing sector as well as overseas buyers. Government hereby is not providing the facilities being provided in the other states and on the other hand welcoming the foreign industry to plant their units.\"\"We have requested the government to take necessary action to check the increasing prices of raw material and also bank interest rates, especially for micro, small and medium enterprises. The issues that come directly under them. Other issues should be brought to the notice of Centre,\" Dawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14424870", "title": "It is a deliberate and cruel joke: Sarabjit Singh's wife", "text": "AMRITSAR: Till late on Tuesday night Sukhpreet Kaur and Poonam Kaur , wife and daughter of Sarabjit Singh were dancing , sharing sweets and receiving congratulations from the family members, friends and people of Bhikhiwind, native village of Sarabjit Singh.But a few hours later, a pall of gloom descended as around 3am Sukhpreet received the news that it was not her husband but someone else who was being released.Sarabjit had once again become a victim of mistaken identity and was not coming home.Hours after the news of Sarabjit Singh's death sentence being commuted to life imprisonment broke on Tuesday, Islamabad clarified that it was not Sarabjit Singh but Surjeet Singh who is being released.The shocked family of Sarabjit is not ready to believe that such a blunder could be made at the highest level of government in Pakistan. They suspect a foul play. \"It is a cruel joke by Pakistan government and we are heartbroken, they can't play with our sentiments like this ,\" said Sukhpreet Kaur talking to TOI.Inconsolable Sukhpreet Kaur alleged that the family had been kept in dark .She said there was possibility that Pakistan government could have changed the decision under pressure from fundamental groups.\"I am not ready to believe the theory that there is any mistake or misunderstanding, there might be some forces behind it,\"she said.Sarabjit's daughter Poonam, who was just 23 days old when Sarabjit Singh had strayed into Pakistan in 1990, had made grand plans to welcome her father.\"I had planned that we will hire a car , decorate it and will bring papa home from Attari border but this news is like a bomb which has stunned us\" she said.She said the family will chalk out its next course of action after consulting with Dalbir Kaur, sister of Sarabjit Singh who has spearheaded 'Save Sarabjit' campaign to get her brother back from the gallows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426945", "title": "V.K. Prakash's 'Poppins' shoots in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "V.K. Prakash's Poppins is being shot at lightning speed. The flick which started shooting earlier this month in Bengaluru had wrapped up filming in a week's time and headed to Thiruvananthapuram to can the scenes involving Shanker Ramakrishnan and Mythili.The romantic flick based on five plays by Jayaprakash Kulloor is an introspection on married life of five couples played by Jayasurya-Meghana Raj, Indrajith-Padmapriya, Anoop Menon-Ann Augustine, Shankar Ramakrishnan-Mythili and Kunchacko Boban-Nitya Menen.The filming in Thiruvananthapuram was wrapped in two day at Chitranjali Studios and Pappanamcode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422233", "title": "Short-staffed traffic cops wait for recruitment green signal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For every traffic cop on the city roads, there are more than 3,000 vehicles. While the population of the city has grown manifold since 1990, the sanctioned strength of men in white has got stuck at 1,300. The traffic officials are now hoping to get 500 constables and supervising officers soon for traffic management.The number was sanctioned by the state government and police top brass recently considering the ever-increasing volume of vehicles. Other 500 personnel have been sanctioned for Vadodara, Surat and Rajkot.A senior city police official told TOI that while many of the traffic signals are out of order, a slew of developmental activities in the city, including construction of flyovers and BRTS tracks, make the task of traffic management more difficult.\"A number of initiatives have been taken up, like dividing city into two zones and plying towing vans to clear traffic mess, but we need more staff to man the roads and book the offenders. The situation often leads to stressed-out policemen on roads as they have to work longer hours and get exposed to heat, dust and fumes,\" said the official.Currently, the traffic branch functions with 800 personnel. They are supported by 300 Home Guard jawans and Traffic Brigade volunteers. S M Katara, additional commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that with the inclusion of 500 constables, the number will be fine if the citizens are self-disciplined.\"In cities like Delhi, you don't have to deploy a traffic policeman just to tell people to stop or go when there are working traffic signals. They can divert their energies into catching the traffic offenders and bringing order on city roads. Here, the situation is different where most of the citizens lack traffic sense and police are busy just handling the traffic,\" he said.Officials said that due to the increased traffic in the nights, some of the junctions have policemen deployed till 11 pm to prevent traffic jams. Most of the policemen work in the shift of 10 to 12 hours. The cranes are also now operated by the traffic department itself that needs at least two personnel to oversee the towing and clearing up of the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14420087", "title": "LeT terror modules existing in state", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Anti-India terror outfits operating from Pak soil have been trying to lure youth from Kerala under a slogan 'Organise without organisation'.It was the investigation into Kashmir recruitment case that unveiled a wide network that recruited youth from Kerala to the LeT fold.C A M Basheer, the elusive SIMI leader from Aluva, now operating from Saudi Arabia, is the key figure. Salan alias Chottu, an IM cadre, had told police that he had seen about 50 youth from South India at a safe house in Sharjah set up IM leaders Riyaz Bhatkal and Amir Raza Khan.The gang led by Thadiyantavide Nazeer and K P Sabeer identified potential recruits and modules were formed in the 3+1 cluster (three members and one leader).Sarfaraz Nawaz, who is accused in the Kashmir recruitment case, Fahim Ansari, accused in the attack on Rampur CRPF camp and Sabahudeen, accused in the attack on IISc in Bangalore in 2005, are the other Keralites linked to Pakistan-based outfits. One Shuhaib, hailing from Parappanangadi, is also in the wanted list of Malayalees. He was the one who asked E T Sainudheen, the IM bomb maker, to meet Riyaz Bhat at a lodge in Kuttippuram in 2007. He is beleived to be operating from Dubai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426847", "title": "Ramu to shoot 26/11 at all the South Mumbai attack points", "text": "\"Danny Boyle can shoot on the CST why can't I?\" Ramu says refuting rumours that he has been denied permission to shoot on actual location where the ghastly 2008 bomb attacks happened in Mumbai.\"Who says I won't be shooting on the actual locations?\" says Ramu defiantly. Department forgotten , Ram Gopal Varma is all set to shoot his real-time real-places 26/11 drama from early next month. Contrary to reports permission to shoot at the key points in South Mumbai where the terror attacks happened have already been obtained by the enterprising director, and that includes the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus(CST). Some reports had suggested that Ramu has been denied permission to shoot at the busy centrally- located railway station where, on that fateful November night in 2008, a bunch of extremists had gunned down innocent commuters randomly.Says Ramu, \"We are certainly shooting on real locations, including the CST.I don't know where stories of me being denied permission to shoot at the station came from. The truth is , I am shooting at the CST.\"Ramu will be recreating the entire carnage on actual location.Says the director, \"Of course there will be restrictions since we're talking about a very busy public place. We can't just go and shoot and inconvenience the people.We'll be given a time to shoot, just like we've to a time schedule for shooting at the airport.\"Point out that the CST is a sensitive area where a gruesome terror attack occurred and Ramu retorts, \"Danny Boyle shot an entire song and dance on the same station for Slumdog Millionaire . I just need to follow the rule.\"Says Ramu, \"It's too early to talk about all my locations.All I will say , and you are free to read between the lines, is that we won't fudge any of the locations or recreate any of the attack points in a studio.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419396", "title": "Day 1 of DU admissions: 71% BCom(H) seats filled at SRCC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commerce courses remained the main draw on the first day of Delhi University's undergraduate admissions, on Tuesday. While Shri Ram College of Commerce filled 71% of its general seats for BCom (H) and 63% of general seats for BA (H) in economics, high cutoffs kept aspirants at bay in many other colleges.It was rush hour at SRCC as 179 of the 252 general seats for BCom (H) were filled, reducing chances of a second cutoff list. In all, 273 admissions were done on Tuesday. SRCC also filled 39 of its 62 general category seats in BA (H) economics. \"It is too early to predict a second cutoff as there are two more days left for admissions. But not many seats are left in the general category,\" said SRCC principal PC Jain. Last year, the college closed its admissions in general category right after the first cutoff.In BCom (H), Gargi College, too, made 44 admissions while Deen Dayal Upadhyaya (DDU) College admitted 23, and Ramjas 16 students. Sri Venkateswara College and Kirori Mal College, which kept their BCom (H) cutoffs higher than SRCC's, could not draw any students.Overall, the first day admission rush was missing as colleges outside the campus attracted few aspirants, probably due to the steep cutoffs. DDU, which hiked its science cutoff by eight percentage points, admitted just two students in BSc (H) physics, and one in zoology. DDU's vice-principal said: \"Last year, the number of admissions exceeded our capacity. Aspirants come to our college if they don't get a seat in campus colleges. So, we, too, have to take a cautious approach, else we will again end up admitting beyond our capacity.\" In all, DDU admitted 37 students on the first day.Gargi College was one of the few off-campus colleges that did well in science and commerce admissions, admitting 246 against 537 seats for the general category. In BSc (H) chemistry, the college admitted 19 students against 16 general seats, and in physics it admitted 13 against 16 general seats. Despite hiking its history (H) cutoff by 10 percentage points, Gargi College filled up nine of its 23 seats for general candidates.South Campus colleges saw a comparatively bigger rush. Sri Venkateswara College admitted 163 with 27 each in BA (H) English and BSc (H) mathematics. But there were no admissions in BCom (H), and only one student was admitted in economics (H). Seats in the humanities were in demand, with 13 admissions in BA (H) history and 10 in BA (H) political science. The college has 39 seats per course in English, political science and history. College sources said, if the trend continues, the likelihood of marks coming down in the second cutoff list for humanities is low.Other colleges on South Campus also had a busy day. At Ram Lal Anand College, 10% of the seats were filled. \"The maximum number of admissions were for BCom (H) and BCom programme \u2014 35 each. There were a total of 100 admissions on the first day,\" said Dr Neelam, admissions convener. In Moti Lal Nehru College, just over 100 students were admitted, with 60 in BCom (H) and BCom. BA (H) English had 31 admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421785", "title": "Handler Ansari\u2019s arrest rattles Kasab", "text": "MUMBAI: It was one piece of news that Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab least expected to hear. When the guards at Arthur Road jail in Mumbai informed the terrorist that his handler Zabihuddin Ansari was arrested, it shook the stoic demeanour of the terrorist who was part of the 10-member team that gunned down 166 persons and injured hundreds in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks . A highly agitated Kasab wanted to know the details of Ansari's arrest and his first question to the prison guards was whether his mentor would be brought to Arthur Road jail, sources said.Jail sources said he also wanted to know when Ansari, who goes by the name of Zaby and Abu Jundal, was arrested. \"Kasab was surprised to know about Ansari's arrest. He was curious to get the details. He was desperate and wanted to know whether Jundal would also be lodged in the same prison. But when the jail authorities didn't entertain his questions, he started pacing his cell and seemed to be in a contemplative mood,\" one of the sources said.Usually, Kasab, who has been in solitary confinement, tries to make conversations with his guards. But the guards have been given strict instructions not to discuss any topic related to the case or the investigation , sources said.Kasab neither has access to television or newspaper nor does he have any calendar in his bomb-proof cell. He has to depend on the guards to figure out the day or month of the year. For the past couple of months, Kasab is brought out of his cell for an hour daily. \"The authorities want to provide him with fresh air and sunlight to maintain his health,\" a jail official said.Kasab, who has been convicted for his role in the 26/11 terror attacks, is now 'Qaidi Number C-7096 '. He has been held guilty of killing over 50 people, including former ATS chief Hemant Karkare. He was arrested in November 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14424232", "title": "Sharman Joshi miffed with the makers of 3 Bachelors", "text": "Sharman Joshi is miffed with the makers of 3 Bachelors, a film starring him that had been lying in the cans for the last nine to ten years. Piggybacking the success of the actor's last release, Ferrari Ki Sawaari, 3 Bachleors director Ajai Sinha and producer Pramod Sharma have decided to release the movie on July 6.Sharman told us, \"This smells of sheer opportunism. While I have nothing against the makers of 3 Bachelors , the fact that they have suddenly woken up now, bothers me. Ferrari Ki Sawaari has created an audience goodwill and to capitalise on its success in this manner is not right. The audience should not get an impression that this is my recent film.\"Director Sinha, however chose to disagree. \"The original producer Mahendra Dhariwal and the financiers had issues. We could only have the final product ready by April 2012,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420671", "title": "Mango growers have some hope", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has set up a 14-member committee headed by the additional chief secretary and development commissioner, to suggest how to improve the livelihood of mango growers in the state.The committee consists of secretaries of the cooperation, horticulture, urban development, agriculture, agricultural marketing department, vice-chancellors of UAS or the horticulture university or their nominees, chairman of Hopco-ms, a representative each from mango growers' and mango traders' community.The panel has been told to hold its first meeting in 15 days and suggest long- and short-term measures in 30 days. The terms and references include empowering farmers for improving agronomic harvesting, post-harvesting methods, maintaining database of mango growers, producers and traders, improving APMC yards and initiating measures to ensure better returns to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419843", "title": "Governor sticks to Singur claim", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan is not in the mood to own sole responsibility for the Singur law setback in Calcutta high court. He stuck to his statement on Tuesday, reiterating that he was advised by the state government that the Bill didn't require the President's nod.The Trinamool Congress camp feels let down by Narayanan's speaking the home truth. Senior party leaders said in private that the head of the government cannot say such a thing, but they did not seem keen to take up the debate in a public forum as the CPM had done with Gopalkrishna Gandhi after the Nandigram killings.Panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee, however, did not hesitate to speak openly. \"I do not believe that a sincere person like the Governor can say such a thing,\" he told reporters on Tuesday. This is being read as a rebuttal of Narayanan's statement.The Governor was asked on the sidelines of a function in Kolkata why Trinamool leaders (MP Kalyan Bandyopadhyay in particular) are claiming that the Governor was given the right advice by the state government on the Singur land-return bill. He replied: \"Well, if it's right. That's why I agreed to it.\" A day ago, he said that he thought the bill did not require the President's approval. \"That was also the legal advice. If the high court felt otherwise, it is fine. What can we do?\" he said on Monday.The Trinamool camp is in a flutter over the Governor's back-to-back statements. A senior minister, who asked not to be named, said: \"It is very unbecoming of the constitutional head of the state to speak publicly about his meetings with his government. It would have been better if the Governor maintained decorum while speaking to the media.\"Political observers draw a parallel between Narayanan's reaction to the Singur verdict and the way former Governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi reacted to the March 7, 2007, Nandigram killings. Gandhi had said that it \"filled him with a sense of cold horror,\" prompting sharp criticism by CPM leaders, with some comments bordering on personal attack.Trinamool leaders, however, refrained from reacting the same way - Mukherjee being the only exception. Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said: \"the Governor is a wise man and has disclosed in the open that the government had advised him that the Singur legislation will not require Presidential assent.\"The Governor's repeated statement that he was wrongly advised isn't without reason. On Friday, the high court had clearly said that without the President's approval, the Singur Act is against Article 254(1) of the Constitution. The division bench went on to say that \"we further come to the conclusion that the Act cannot be treated as for public purpose when the intention is to return the land to the unwilling land owners/farmers.\"Some lawyers and former land and land reforms minister Abdur Rezzak Molla believe that the government should not waste time in going to the Supreme Court with this flawed Act. \"If returning land to farmers is the chief minister's priority, the government can always buy agricultural land in the adjoining mouzas in Singur and distribute them among unwilling farmers,\" Molla suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14422175", "title": "School rapped for not letting kids in class", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday said Chembur English School would have to face the consequences for not allowing 14 underprivileged students to attend classes despite its orders.A division benchof Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing an application filed on behalf of parents of students belonging to Scheduled Castes and nomadic tribes , seeking the court's intervention as their children had been denied entry into the school since it reopened on June 22. The students were present in court.Their advocates , Gayatri Singh and Kranti L C, submitted that the students \"have been humiliated regularly , even during the examinations , and made to stand outside their classrooms\" .\"In grosscontemptof the court's orders , these students are now being prevented from entering the school ,\" said Singh .She also submitted a list of parents showing their occupation as domestic help , vegetable vendors , labourers and courier boys .To a query from the judges , Singh said interim orders have been passed prohibiting the school from preventing the children from pursuing their studies.Without responding to whether the students were being stopped from attending classes , the school's advocate , C K Thomas , said : \"The state has not reimbursed the fees of these students in spite of the court's earlier orders .\" The petitioner had said at the last hearing that under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the school had to support these students . The school, in an affidavit dated June 25, said \"being a private unaided minority school, the RTE Act was not applicable to such institutions\" .The court's earlier orders pertained to a PIL filed by parents claiming that as the government had failed to disburse grants to private aided and unaided schools under the free ship scheme , their children were not being allowed to attend classes .On Tuesday , the parents filed a contempt petition claiming that the school was also withholding the Class X marksheets , which would prevent the students from seeking college admissions . The judges posted the matter for hearing on July 2.On a request from Singh that the students be allowed to go to school till then , Chief Justice Shah said : \"Let them face the consequences (for preventing the children from attending classes ).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418695", "title": "Traffic park eateries turning area into garbage dump", "text": "NAGPUR: The sides of the VIP road from Bole Petrol Pump square to Alankar Talkies square have turned into garbage dumps. Waste from eateries is being dumped at various places along the stretch for quite sometime.In fact, the problem started with the opening of Children's traffic park at Khare Town in Dharampeth. Wth many eateries and vendors operating there, there is no arrangement to properly dispose of huge amount of garbage generated. The eateries surreptitiously dump it along the roadside. This has made the road an eyesore, according to pedestrians. Garbage has been lying there for months.\"Eateries are dumping garbage on the main road. One reason is the lack of adequate garbage bins in commercial areas and on the main road,\" said Mandar Gharde, a resident of the locality. The worst affected is the K-Point that connects the VIP road with a number of residential areas like Dharampeth, Khare Town, Ravi Nagar and Jhenda Chowk. The narrow strip of road between traffic park compound wall and VIP road footpath is particularly bad. It has a huge pile of garbage not cleared for a long time.According to residents, the problems aggravated due to unchecked growth of roadside unauthorized food vendors. But residents say even eateries inside the park dump garbage on land. TOI team too found waste including plastics have piled up at many patches. The garbage has attracted large number of stray dogs. \"Often, they run across the road resulting in minor accidents. Garbage has aggravated the stray dog menace. The authorities concerned are unable to stop garbage dumping on the main road. They also do not clear the waste,\" a shopkeeper rued.Officials of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation assured they would clear the garbage from both sides of the road.NMC takes action on Telangkhedi eateriesAfter TOI exposed eating joints on Telangkhedi road dumping garbage in the backyard, NMC's health department has served notices to all 14 eateries on the road. Senior health inspector from Dharampeth zone D P Tembekar told TOI the sanitary department too caught restaurant waiters dumping waste behind their respective eating joints. He said that notices were served on them and a fine between Rs 3,000 and Rs 5,000 would be slapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420530", "title": "At the end of 26/11 terror attacks, Karachi control room wore a celebratory look: Abu Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the 26/11 attacks concluded on November 29, 2008 following an NSG operation, there was an atmosphere of celebration and the Lashkar top brass was exchanging hugs in the control room in Karachi though there was a little disappointment that Ajmal Kasab had been caught, Abu Jundal has told his interrogators.The control room in Karachi, which had several satellite phones, mobile phones and television sets, had turned into a celebration room, Jundal said.\"Jundal said the common words after the attack came to an end were 'Mubarak ho! Hamne teen din tak Hindustan ki security forces ke saath ladai ki, jo wo hamesha yaad karenge (we fought with Indian security forces for three days, which they are not going to forget)'. Since the operation had stretched for three days and Kasab had been caught, they were asked by Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi to return to their hideouts,\" a top source said.Meanwhile, National Investigation Agency (NIA) officials questioned him on Tuesday at the Delhi Police Special Cell office for several hours.Sources said Jundal, who turned into a hardcore jihadi after the Gujarat riots, had no 'remorse' about killing 166 Mumbaikars. \"He feels very proud about it and says that he would do it again if he got a chance. He is a well motivated member of Lashkar-e-Taiba who reached the top ranks of the organization in the last six-seven years,\" an officer said.Delhi Police sources said Jundal's interrogation may lead to revelations about the hideouts of various Lashkar members and their leaders after 26/11. Jundal has reportedly given details about training camps run by Lashkar operatives in Muridke, Mansera, Azizabad, Muzzafarabad and Paanch Teeni areas of Pakistan .The investigators are now trying to know more about Muzammil, the operational commander of Lashkar, and LeT chief Hafiz Saeed. \"He has claimed that Saeed used to visit Karachi and he has met him several times. We are questioning him on the funding part and about hideouts of leaders of Lashkar and Indian Mujahideen in India,\" said a source.Jundal is also aware of attacks carried out by Indian Mujahideen chief Ahmad Zarar Siddi Bappa alias Shahrukh recently in India but he has claimed that he never met him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422395", "title": "Monsoon can shower more power woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you think monsoon will check power woes, then here is a reality check. The UT electricity department has made no arrangements to deal with monsoon-related contingencies. The officials say it requires no preparations and that arrangements will be made only after the problem strikes. The UT Powermen Union, however, says that the department is not well-equipped to efficiently handle situations during monsoon and that these might only get worsen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418693", "title": "Now, Deshmukh tries to blame Ashok Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Was Adarsh issued a letter of intent (LoI) to allot land when Vilasrao Deshmukh was 'caretaker chief minister'? Union science &amp; technology minister and former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh on Tuesday attempted to wash his hands off the Adarsh affair, by trying to deflect responsibility on ex-CM Ashok Chavan and former revenue minister Sunil Tatkare.Dressed in a spotless white kurta-pyjama, Deshmukh was accompanied to the commission by son Amit and MLA Ameen Patel. CBI officers were present before the commission with original files of Adarsh.On Monday, another ex-CM Sushil Kumar Shinde had tried to lob the ball in Vilasrao's court by telling the commission that he had taken charge in the CM's office on the evening of January 18, 2003. The LOI was signed that morning. Vilasrao told the commission of Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam that he was chief minister till January 16, 2003 as he had resigned that day. \"For two days thereafter I was caretaker chief minister till my successor assumed office,\" Deshmukh told the commission, putting a question mark on the LoI.Senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission, asked Vilasrao which criteria the CM considers before approving allotment of government land. Vilasrao replied that at the CM's office, the principal secretary to the CM only checks if it is approved by the revenue minister or principal secretary. Chavan was revenue minister during Vilasrao's first term as CM when Adarsh's files for allotment of land were processed.\"If the note, which is put up to the CM for approval is approved by secretaries of the department and ministers concerned, the secretary to the CM does not go into the details,\" said Vilasrao. The minister added that if allotment complies with the state's land policy, there was no need to place the matter before the cabinet.Vilasrao expressed ignorance about details of the Adarsh case, including whether the land that was to be allotted to the society was in possession of the local military authority, or that a park existed on the land, or whether the land was included within the road widening project for Capt Prakash Pethe Marg. He also said it was not brought to his notice that MSRDC had raised an objection about reducing the width of Pethe Marg.Merchant asked Vilasrao about a letter by Tatkare, then minister of state for UDD, to Gidwani about the reduction of Pethe Marg. \"The letter was not written to Gidwani in consultation with me,\" replied Vilasrao.Vilasrao said the first time he had dealt with the case was when he put his remarks on a letter seeking allotment of land by ex-MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani. Gidwani had access to me as he was an MLC,\" Vilasrao said. On remarks he had written on the letter, asking his department to \"put up immediately\", Vilasrao said it was his practise to write the word 'immediately' on such letters. \"Immediately means at least six months,\" he said, leading to a wave of laughter across the room.Vilasrao said he had read only the subject matter of the letter without going into the details. the duty of the collector to look into the status of the land,'' said the former CM.The commission grilled Vilasrao about the actual width of Pethe Marg as it existed today which was barely 10.33 metres, while the government had decided to reduce the width from 60.97 metres to 18.40 metres. I am not aware of this,'' said Vilasrao.The former CM's testimony will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14419327", "title": "Mamata Banerjee non-committal on backing PA Sangma", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Lok Sabha speaker and presidential candidate P A Sangma met West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the state secretariat on Tuesday. She greeted Sangma with a smile and folded hands but was non-committal about her party's support.Mamata had apparently refused to meet Sangma earlier. He was accompanied by sons James and Conrad \u2014 both NCP legislators in Meghalaya.After the meeting, a beaming Sangma though told reporters he was \"very happy\" and was going to Delhi with \"a lot of hope\". \"I am very happy with the outcome of the meeting. Mamatadi has supported me before, too,\" said Sangma. He mentioned how Mamata helped him when he quit the NCP in 2004.Earlier, when Sangma had sought her support, Mamata had told him she couldn't promise since A P J Abdul Kalam was her candidate. Sangma had then asked her if she could support him if Kalam opted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426583", "title": "Beyonce pens heartfelt thank you note to MJ", "text": "Beyonce Knowles wrote a personal message to Michael Jackson on her website to mark his third death anniversary.The message, which was posted on Monday, included a link to a YouTube video of the Jackson 5's live performance of 'Who's Loving You.'\"When I was just starting out, my first producer used to make me listen to Michael Jackson's live performance of 'Who's Loving You.' He would have me watch that for hours back to back to back,\" ABC News quoted her as writing.\"What he wanted me to learn was his soul. You could hear his soul. And he was this little kid who hadn't experienced love but he was a vessel. For whatever reason he could evoke more emotion than an adult. It was so raw and so pure. It was these little things that he did that were just swag.\"It's something that's God given. Michael taught me that sometimes you have to forget technique, forget what you have on. If you feel silly, you have to go from the gut just let it go. Michael Jackson changed me, and helped me to become the artist I am - thank you Michael. Love always, B,\" she wrote.The Grammy winner wasn't the only one to remember Jackson on Monday. Many stars took to their Twitter accounts to remember the King of Pop.Paris, Jackson's 14-year-old daughter, tweeted, \"RIP Michael Jackson .. Dad you will forever be in my heart 3 i love you.\"Justin Bieber also paid tribute to legendary singer on his micro-blogging site.\"RIP to the best that ever did it. RIP to the KING...RIP Michael Jackson. You will never be forgotten. #INSPIRATION,\" he wrote.Singer Usher tweeted, \"RIP Michael Jackson - you will never die in our hearts, your legacy will live on forever!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14427285", "title": "Hostel for jailbirds' kids sees light of the day", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Drawing criticism from several quarters, the state government has finally pulled up its socks to start the construction work of a proposed hostel for children of jail inmates in Bhubaneswar. The project had been hanging fire since 2008 following stiff opposition by some local slum dwellers, who apprehended displacement due to the project.The 100-beded hostel would be come up on 500 decimal land behind the Jharpada special jail in Laxmisagar area. State-run Odisha State Police Housing And Welfare Corporation Limited would execute the project at a cost of nearly Rs 2 crore, sources said. The construction work is on progress amid heavy security in view of the teething trouble. \"We have started digging the ground and laying pillars. The work will be completed soon. Nearly two platoons of force have been deployed to avoid any untoward incident,\" said a senior officer of the corporation on Wednesday.Earlier on May 28 the state home department sent a reminder to the corporation asking it to execute the project at the earliest. Same day, a number of children of the jail inmates took out a rally protesting the inordinate delay in construction of the hostel. At present, some 50-odd children of prisoners of different jails are staying in a temporary building in Jharpada. The government has assigned city-based Odisha Patita Udhara Samiti, a voluntary organization to look after the children.\"We have been rearing the children since 2003. We had donated the 500 decimal land to the government and would hand over the hostel management to the government after it gets ready,\" said Abharani Choudhury, secretary of the Samiti. \"Government had sanctioned Rs 1.35 crore last budget budget, but the work was stalled by the slum dwellers. Poor children of jail inmates would get benefit if the hostel is constructed as soon as possible,\" she said.\"We will move the Odisha high court seeking stay order on the construction work. Though the land belongs to government and is lying vacant, we fear displacement as more than 100 families have been residing close to the land since long,\" said Chita Mandal, secretary of Mahavir Basti Unnayan Sanghathan. \"We have been urging the government to rehabilitate us on that land,\" Mandal said. The slum dwellers earlier staged demonstrations and besieged Laxmisagar police station demanding relocation of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14427736", "title": "Rahman\u2019s AM Studio introduces 7.1 technology to Kollywood", "text": "A new technology has been adopted by AR Rahman's AM Studio to the south Indian film industry.The AM Studio has come out with the concept of 7.1 surround sound track for South Indian movies. The 7.1 sound track will have 8 channels of audio output with left, centre, right, left side surround, right side surround, left rear surround, right rear surround and a low frequency enhancer. This technology familiar in Hollywood has a few movies in Bollywood Dum Maaro Dum, Rockstar released in 7.1 sound track.Now, Rahman's AM Studio has introduced this 7.1 technology to the south Indian film industry. Director Ameer's Aadhi Baghawan with Jayam Ravi in the lead will be the first Tamil feature film to be mixed in 7.1 surround sound track. With the modern digital sound systems installed in most of the theatres in Tamil Nadu, the 7.1 technology can be easily adapted to the existing system for a better output.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14421272", "title": "Reduction in number of teachers irks academics", "text": "PATNA: What an irony that while the ancient Nalanda University of Bihar had 1,000 teachers for 11,000 students, the state government has proposed only about 10,000 posts of teachers for more than 10 lakh students in different universities of Bihar.Though the cabinet decision to recruit teachers against vacant sanctioned posts in universities has raised hopes of the thousands of unemployed postgraduates, academics are still sceptical about the early execution of the recruitment process. An amendment bill relating to the creation of a separate state-level university service panel, in place of university selection committees is reportedly pending with the governor. And, in all probability, the state government is unlikely to allow the universities to fill up the vacant posts through the existing university selection panels, they say.Moreover, academics are quite critical of the curtailment of sanctioned posts in different colleges and universities in the name of rationalization. As per UGC guidelines, the student-teacher ratio should be 30:1. But in Bihar the ratio would be 100:1.Taking strong exception to the government decision of reducing the teachers' existing strength in the institutions of higher education, working president of Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (FUTAB), Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha, expressed surprise that while the central government has been stressing on increasing the gross enrolment ratio in higher education by opening more colleges and universities, the Bihar government is reducing the number of teachers. The centre has already decided to set up 375 new degree colleges in the backward districts of the country, including 28 in Bihar. Not a single college has so far been set up in Bihar though the state government has agreed to open 25 new colleges in the backward districts of the state. Sinha pointed out that the enrolment of students in colleges has increased considerably following the improvement in results of secondary school and Plus 2 examinations. The pass percentage in Class X and Class XII examinations of the state has increased from 40-45 to 70% in recent years. But the colleges in the state lack enough teaching staff to cater to the increased strength of students.Patna University science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha pointed out that after surrendering 119 posts following the delinking of Intermediate classes from PU colleges, Patna University is left with only about 850 posts of teachers. Not a single post has been created in any subject in PU after 1975 despite the manifold increase in the number of students during the period. But, instead of increasing the strength of teachers, the government has reduced the number of posts to less than 600. Unless the strength of teachers is increased, standard of teaching is bound to suffer. The problem is likely to aggravate further with the introduction of semester system from the next academic session, he said.Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA) general secretary S B Lall said it is strange that instead of sanctioning more posts of teachers in view of the introduction of several new courses, the government has curtailed even the existing strength. There is much difference between teaching in schools and in universities. In schools, the number of posts can be fixed on the basis of their strength, but it can't be done so in universities where the teaching is research-oriented, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14420607", "title": "New pollution norms for hotel industry in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: To check air and water pollution and waste management in the hotel industry, the UP State Pollution Control Board has decided to make it mandatory for restaurants and hotels across Gautam Budh Nagar to get a No Objection Certificate from it to continue their operations. Restaurants and hotels will have to set up water treatment plants and use sound-free generators and chimneys in kitchens to control air and noise pollution levels.According to Parasnath, regional manager of the Board, all medium-sized and above category hotels and restaurants with a capacity of more than 25 rooms will now have to follow these instructions. The pollution board will soon begin a survey to identify such restaurants and to check their respective contribution to pollution levels.\"In first phase, we will make a list of all such units after a survey and ask them to set up treatment plants, use sound-free generators and maintain other requirements set under the new norms. They will then be brought under examination in the next phase,\" Parasnath said.This is the first time that the Board has decided to take such action. If the restaurants and hotels fail in maintaining the standards, they will be penalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14421468", "title": "Politicians make a beeline for Holy Hill", "text": "Even as the Mangalore City Police failed to make any meaningful breakthrough into the case of vandalism and mischief at Holy Hill prayer site in Capitanio here, politicians across party lines made a beeline for the area on Tuesday. Congress MLAs UT Khader, B Ramanath Rai, K Abhayachandra Jain, KPCC secretary Ivan D'Souza, Congress leader BA Moideen Bava, and former KPCC president B Janardhan Poojary visited the site.Not to be left behind, BJP leader and deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat, too visited the prayer site and gathered details of the incident from those who manage the site.City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh told TOI that police had not been able to make any break through in the case and efforts were on to bring the culprits to justice. A case has been registered with Mangalore rural police in this connection.The state convener of International Federation of Karnataka Christian Associations (IFKCA) Denis D'Silva condemned the act of vandalism. Describing it as an attempt to disturb the prevailing communal amity and peace in the city, Denis demanded city police act immediately to bring the culprits to justice. \"Police should also take suitable steps to ensure prevent the repeat of any such incidents,\" he said.Ivan D'Souza, while condemning the incident said such acts were carried out with the express intent to vitiate the law and order situation and create communal animosity. \"It is imperative (on part of all concerned) to understand the deep-rooted conspiracy behind such incidents that are taking place on a regular basis across the city,\" Ivan said, adding that the Congress party is united in its demand that perpetrators of the incident be brought to book at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421746", "title": "Traffic diversion near Mint for grade separator works", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic police have put in place a few changes to enable Chennai Corporation to complete the construction of the grade separator work on Old Jail Road near Mint Roundabout from Wednesday.The movement of heavy vehicles will be restricted towards Mint via Basin Bridge from 6am to 11 pm. This arrangement will be in force for the next two months, said a press release.Heavy vehicles coming from Madhavaram along E H Road will not be allowed towards Mint via Basin Bridge, instead they will be diverted at Ethiraj Salai and E H Road Junction to T H Road - R.K.Nagar - Vaidhiyanathan bridge -T H Road - North Terminal Road - S N Chetty Check post - S N Chetty St - M S Koil St - Royapuram New bridge to reach their destination.Lorries coming from Ambattur will not be allowed towards Mint Junction, instead they will be diverted at Dr Ambedkar College to take the route via E H Road - Ethiraj Salai -T H Road - R K Nagar - Vaidhiyanathan Bridge -T H Road - North Terminal Road - S N Chetty Check post - S N Chetty St - M S Koil St - Royapuram New bridge to reach their destination. Lorries coming from Harbour and proceeding west towards Vyasarpadi - Madhavaram will not be allowed to use the Old Jail Road. They will be diverted at Thambu Chetty point to take the route via S N Chetty Street - Vaidhiyanathan bridge - R K Nagar - T H Road - Ethiraj Salai - E H Road to reach their destination.The stretch of Cemetry road will be made as one way with entry from T H Road and no entry from M S Koil Street. Vehicles coming from M S Koil street intending towards T H.Road will take the route via M S Koil st - Kuppam Road / N1 PS - G A Road - T H Road.The stretch of Old Jail Road will be made as one way with entry only from Stanley Roundabout. Vehicles coming from Basin Bridge Road intending to go to Parrys will not be allowed towards Mint Street and Old Jail Road junction. They will take the route via Parthasarathy Bridge - Kannan Roundabout - Dr.Vijayaragavalu Road - T H Road - Cemetry Road - M S Koil Street - NRT Road - Royapuram New bridge - Rajaji Salai or Ibrahim Salai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "14420995", "title": "Spurned lover kills girl's husband", "text": "SONIPAT: A youth was shot dead within a few hours of his marriage allegedly by a spurned lover of his wife in Gannaur town of Sonipat district on Monday night.The victim, identified as Radhe Shyam (22), son of Mangal Sen, was called out of the house and gunned down by the accused soon after he returned home after tying the knot with Kashish, daughter of Rajan Kumar, a resident of Fazilpur village of Sonipat on Monday night. The accused identified as Kuldeep Singh alias Sonu of Makroli village in Rohtak district, who was accompanied by three others, shot Radhe from a close range.The accused, who is a distant relative of Kashish, had a heated exchange two days before the marriage and threatened to eliminate the groom before suhagraat (first wedding night).In view of the threat, the girl's family had requested for police deployment at the venue and the marriage ceremony was performed under strict security. However, they did not file a case against the accused for issuing threats and merely mentioned that they feared disturbance by some unruly elements, while seeking police cover.In a statement to the police after the murder, Kashish said that Kuldeep is the nephew of her elder sister's husband hailing from Makdoli village in Rohtak and had arrived at their house on June 23 to attend the marriage. They were known to each other and Kuldeep had made advances towards Kashish. \"He tried to molest me on June 24 evening on finding me alone but I slapped him for his misdemeanor. He then told me that he would kill my husband. I told my family about the incident,\" she said in her statement.DSP of Gannaur Rajinder Kumar said the police have registered a case and started a hunt to nab the main accused while three others had been rounded up. \"The girl's family hid vital information from the police at the time of seeking police protection. Had they disclosed the incident and name the accused who issued the threat, the police would have handled the matter differently to avoid the crime,\" the DSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "narinder nagar", "code": "14422631", "title": "Tarsem pens his journey in ghazals", "text": "NARINDER NAGAR: Tarsem Verma is a hosiery manufacturer by profession, but a writer at heart. As he puts it, \"Writing is like breathing to me - without it I would cease to exist\". Set to release his debut book, \"Pehli Barish\", a compilation of 100 Punjabi ghazals, Tarseem is contemplating the perfect day for his first bok's release.Tarsem, who writes under the pen name of Tarsem Noor, said, \"My passion for writing emanates from the understanding the power of the written word. And like many writers say, I too, have always written to satisfy myself and not others.\"This hosiery manufacturer finds writing as his second nature and is about release his debut book of Punjabi ghazals. \"I realized it was time I share my passion with others too, and hence, I decided to compile a book of ghazals,\" he says, adding, \"I love writing in Punjabi, but I also have a strong hold in Urdu language. In future, I might come up with books in Urdu too.\"Talking about his childhood days, Tarsem, 55, a resident of Narinder Nagar, said, \"Regardless of my emotions, whether happy, sad, excited, ambivalent, writing is how I have always expressed myself. And this has been my mode of expression since childhood. It was only in 1976 that I started compiling my ghazals in a diary.\" Passionate about writing on subjects like current issues and social scenario, he said, \"My book is a compilation of ghazals which I have written over the last 15 years - these also speak of my life's journey . Besides these, I also have a collection of 60 Urdu ghazals and hopefully will publish these someday.\"Tarsem's younger daughter, Avni Verma has designed the cover of her father's book. Avni has drawn a beautiful painting for his book cover which has the made the book even more special for the proud father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14422617", "title": "Kozhikode police chief asked to probe \u2018love jihad\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: The Kozhikode city police commissioner should probe the alleged 'love jihad' incident in which a girl who eloped from a hospital in Kochi continues to remain missing, the high court ruled on Tuesday.In addition to asking the commissioner to take over the case from the circle inspector, Justice K T Sankaran has also added the commissioner as a party in the case. Last week, the court had observed that police's submission that there was no communal angle to the incident could not be believed outright.The case relates to a 20-year-old Hindu girl from Kunnamkulam eloping with a Muslim boy, Harris, after falling in love with him while he was working as a cleaner in the bus in which the girl went to school. Her father, Unnikrishnan, approached the high court with a habeas corpus petition after his daughter went missing on June 9 from Amrita Hospital, where he was under treatment.After Unnikrishnan had expressed the fear that his daughter might be converted and that the boy might have links with fundamentalist organizations, the court asked police to enquire and report whether any 'love jihad' was involved.In an affidavit filed by Kozhikode district police chief G Sparjan Kumar, police submitted that they had conducted an enquiry and found that there was no political or communal angle to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14421683", "title": "Placement drive at Dr Ambedkar Institute", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Dr Ambedkar Institute of Technology for Handicapped ( AITH) informed that during the academic session 2012-13, a large number of students have been recruited by both the national and the multinational companies.Recently, 35 physically challenged degree and diploma students have been recruited by four leading MNC (Tech Mahindra, AGC Network, Avazon Technology and AGIES Ltd.) at a package of 3.8 lakh to 2.5 lakh per annum. This placement drive was organized with the support of VRC Delhi.Training &amp; Placement Officer, Dr Ambedkar Institute of Technology for Handicapped (AITH), Dwijendra Kumar Misra informed that this year the normal as well as physically challenged students got the placement in many leading corporate firms like Wipro, Infotech, Essar Group, TATA Group, Godrej, Aditya Birla, Tech Mahindra, Nerolac and also in Indian Army at the highest package of 4 lakh per annum.He said apart from this, 62 normal as well as physically challenged students have been selected in GATE for higher education.Director, Gaurav Chandra said \"established by Government of Uttar Pradesh, the institute offers diploma and degree level of courses for disabled students as well as normal. The institute is offering technical education through degree level courses (Btech in\u2014Electronics, Computer Science, Information Tech, Chemical and Biotechnology) and Diploma level courses (Architecture, Electronics, Computer Science and Modern Office Management).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14422384", "title": "Madhuri to be Panchkula\u2019s girl next door", "text": "PANCHKULA: Residents of Panchkula will soon have a new neighbour -- Madhuri Dixit .The actress spent the weekend in Chandigarh, visiting the house she is building in the foothills of the beautiful Shivalik mountains.The plot was given to her by former Haryana chief minister Bhajan Lal - from the CM's discretionary quota -- in 1996, when she was at the peak of her career with hits like 'Hum Apke Hain Kaun', 'Anjaam' and 'Raja'. Her 3-BHK house is coming up on 310, Sector 4, Panchkula, in the Mansa Devi Complex.The house is likely to be ready by October. Neighbours and those working on the house said Madhuri visited the plot along with husband Shriram Nene and sons Arin and Raayan on Saturday afternoon.\"Madam came with her husband and kids. She was here for about 15 minutes and checked out the construction,\" said Rakesh Gupta, who is among those involved in the construction work.Madhuri joins the league of celebrities who are looking at the hills in the north as a place to have a house tucked in. Her visit comes after Priyanka Vadra's visit to Shimla, where she is building a house in Chharabara. Priyanka, who did not like the deisgn of the house, had got it razed and had visited the place in March this year to look at the new construction.\"About three month ago, she wanted to sell off the plot but she later changed her mind and started the construction work,\" said Hira Mani, a local real estate agent, who had helped Madhuri earlier this year in completing the official formalities of drawing up the conveyance deed - which provides absolute ownership to the allotee - between her and Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA).The plot of land, provided to Madhuri on March 4, 1996, is spread over 450 square metres. While it's worth at the time of allotment was Rs 2,77,746, the current worth is estimated to be over Rs 8 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420948", "title": "Child abuse covered up by silence", "text": "BANGALORE: In the past six months, MS Ramaiah Hospital reported nine cases of child sex abuse, of which seven victims were under 15 years old. Many such cases have gone unreported, often leaving the victims to their own fate.The Centre for Child and Law at the National Law School of India University, in collaboration with Nimhans, has set up a unit at Baptist Hospital and MS Ramaiah Hospital to tackle such children. Called Collaborative Child Response Unit (CCUs), it is a multidisciplinary service to provide holistic medical, psychological, social and legal support to victims of physical, sexual or emotional abuse to children up to 18 years of age.\"Most families of victims of child abuse live in a culture of denial and the conspiracy of silence. But such disturbing experiences can impact children adversely and affect their personal functioning and the type of person they grow up into,\" says Dr Shekhar Seshadri, professor, department of adolescent and child psychology, Nimhans.According to a recent study by Prayas and Unicef , more than 53% of children in India face one or more form of sexual abuse. The report says that two out of every three children are physically abused and 54.68% of the affected are boys.\"Most children report to their elders when they are physically abused but keep to themselves when sexually abused. Families should break the barriers between them and their younger ones so that children can speak freely about such traumatic experiences,\" says Dr Shaitya Saldanha of Enfold Trust, which organizes sessions on Human Sexuality and Life Skills.Bill of hopeAs per the existing laws, it's not mandatory to report a case of child abuse. However, a 'Protection of Children Against Sexual Offences Bill, 2011' regarding child sexual abuse was passed in the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha in May 2012 but is awaiting the approval of cabinet committees and the President's consent. The bill seeks to protect children from sexual offences and pin the burden of proof on the accused. \"Bills such as these will help children who face sexual abuse greatly. The government shouldn't waste time to make this bill a law,\" says Dr Shaitya Saldanha of Enfold Trust.Prevention always better\"Civil society needs to knit a protective net around children and deal effectively with them so they can safely report such incidents without any fear. The government is working on software and tracking systems to prevent child abuse,\" says Sr Dulime Crasta, co-coordinator, department of women and child development protective unit. \"Child sexual abuse has a direct relation with patriarchy and this is an age-old phenomenon. So there needs to be a certain specific law to tackle this problem,\" says Dr Shekhar Seshadri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14420673", "title": "Lorry falls on tempo 7 killed", "text": "DHARWAD: Seven persons, including a girl, were killed on the spot and 16 injured when a lorry overturned and fell on a tempo near Kalghatagi of Dharwad district on Tuesday. The victims were in the tempo.District police chief YS Ravikumar said the injured have been shifted to Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences ( KIMS) hospital in Hubli. Two of them are in serious condition.The tempo had 25 passengers on board. The group was on its way to Kalghatagi for the weekly market.The tempo tried to overtake a lorry loaded with logs. Soon the truck driver lost control. Due to the load, the vehicle began to tilt. Trying to negotiate a curve, it overturned on the tempo. Police had to use earthmovers and cranes to remove the bodies . The lorry was ferrying logs to a paper mill in Dandeli.The deceased are Fakkirappa Narvekar, 55, Chandrakant Kasalkar, 35, Shantaram Kasalkar, 45, Ramachandra Pillurkar, 70, Sayyed Gundur, 32, and Simran Anchatageri, 4, all from Sulikeri village, and Parashuram Redekar from Singanahalli village.Traffic on the road was blocked for over three hours following the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426297", "title": "Want Aamir to vote for me on Jhalak: Darsheel Safary", "text": "With Jhalak Dikkhla Jaa (season 5) on Colors TV entering its third week, tension is mounting high as eliminations are round the corner.Everyone is voting for their favourite stars and contestants are surely feeling the heat. But child actor (teenager now) Darsheel Safary has nothing to worry, atleast for a few weeks. This star dancer, who scored a total of 26 points in the first week, raised the bar high by bagging a total of 27 points in week 2. Darsheel, who is in the 10th standard, is working very hard to balance his studies and dance rehearsals. And what gives this teen artist an absolute high is being appreciated for his work. Darsheel, who has worked with Aamir Khan in his directorial debut ( Taare Zameen Par ), is sincerely hoping that the superstar votes for his performances on Jhalak .Says Darsheel, \"I hope Aamir uncle supports me. I was his favourite superhero (for Zokkomon ). He's my guru and without his support, I wouldn't be here. For Taare Zameen Par , he would call me before the shot and give me his suggestions. He even calls on my birthday to wish me. Maybe dad has told him about Jhalaak and I hope he votes for all my performances\".Don't know about Aamir Darsheel, but the whole nation will surely vote for the season's youngest contestant! Continue to burn the dance floor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418393", "title": "Larsen &amp; Toubro CMD meets Akhilesh, discuss various issues", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chairman and managing director of Larsen &amp; Toubro (L&T;) AM Naik called on chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his official residence on Tuesday.The chief minister and discussed issues like infrastructure development, power generation, transmission and distribution, water supply and development of the housing sector. While deliberating on various developmental issues, the chief minister said Uttar Pradesh has immense possibilities for capital investment and informed the L&T; CMD that the state government is taking necessary steps to create conducive atmosphere for facilitating business and investment in the state.During the one and a half hour meeting, also present were infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil Kumar Gupta, secretary to the chief minister Alok Kumar and other officials of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421727", "title": "Power shutdown on Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Thursday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work.Spur Tank Road : Egmore High Road, GI Road, Montieth Road &amp; lane, Pantheon Road &amp; Lane, Sathiyamurthy Road, Part of Poonamallee Road, Casa Major Road, Halls Road, Sait Colony, Spurtank Road, MS Nagar, Ethiraj Salai &amp; lane.Injambakkam: Injambakkam, Akkarai, Panaiyur, Uthandi, Cinnandikuppam, ECR, VGP, Ragas, Bethel Nagar, Vettuvankani.Thousand Lights: Spencer Complex, Greams Road Door No.17 to 45 &amp; 70 to 128, Azizmulk II to V, Annasalai Door No.688 to 735, Saffemohamed Road, GMM Bagadur Street, Model School Road, Apollo Child Trust Hospital, Apollo Hospital.Pondeswaram: Pondeswaram, Veerapuram, Arakambakkam, Velachery, Kadhavur, Karlapalayam, Kilkondaiar, Komakkambedu, Magaral, Thamaraipakkam, Koduvalli.Royapuram : East &amp; West Kalmandapam Road, SN Chetty Road, Mosque Pudumanai Kuppam, New Kamaraj Nagar, CG Colony, Vinayagapuram, Tondiar Nagar, Kasipuram A &amp; B Block , Singaravelar Nagar, Indira Nagar, GM Pettai, Periya Thambi Street, Flag Staff Street, Lotus Ramasamy Street, AJ Colony, Kasima Nagar, KasiGarden, Shiek Maistry Street, Hussian Maistry Street, Fakir Street, Part of Grace Garden , Madha church Road, East Madha church Street, NRT Road, Railway Press, Ramar Street, Mariya Doss Street, Thambu Chetty Street, Lingu Chetty Street, Ibrahim Street, Mettu Street, Adhiyapatham Street, Angappanayakan Street, Marakayar shahib Street, Sultan Street, Meerali Street, Velayutham Street, Kummalamman Koil Street, Part of TH Road, Nagorar Thorram.Kodambakkam: Periyar Pathai, Vellala Street, Anna Nedum Pathai, Arcot Road, Trustpuram 1 to 10th Street, Zaraia Colony, Vannier Street, Choolaimedu High Road, Subedhar Garden, Kamarajar Colony, Corporation Colony &amp; Complex, Railway Border Road, Rangarajapuram Main Road, Pasumathi Street, Tailors Estate, Parangusapuram, Station View Road, Rajaram Colony, Ashok Avenue, Cirucular Road, United India Colony, Chinna Raja Pillai Thottam, Visvanathapuram, Azeez Nagar, Gugan Street, Bajanai Koil Street, Dayalu Nagar, Andavar Nagar, Kannagi Street, Nehru Street, Avvai Nagar, Palayakaram Street, Pudur, Duraisamy Road, Vijaya Hospital, Alagiri Nagar, BE Colony, Sowrastra Nagar, Choolaimedu High Road, Gangai Amman Koil Street, South Gangai Amman 1st, 2nd Street, Sankarapuram, Abdulla Street, Basha Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422341", "title": "Two weeks on, cops clueless over accused behind Doshi murder", "text": "INDORE: Even after two weeks of the brutal murder of a 52-year-old woman in White Church Colony here, police seem to be clueless.Talking to ToI ASP (crime branch) Manoj Rai said that there was no major breakthrough in the case adding that four inspector-level officers were investigating the case.Saroj Doshi, wife of city-based private financier Pradeep Doshi, was found murdered with her throat slit at her White Church colony residence in the city on June 13. The incident took place at around 11.30 am under the limits of Sanyogitaganj police station.After the incident, inspector Shailendra Srivastava said that the incident came to light when a computer technician went to the house of the victim for some repair works. However, when police sought the details of the technician, the family members reportedly failed to provide, sources said.Earlier, police were working on the lines of loot and murder but the case took a new turn when the jewelleries worth Rs 4 lakh were found intact in the almirah after four days of the incident. These jewelleries were believed to have been stolen, which the police believed, was the motive behind the murder. The family members of Saroj also told the police that no other valuable was missing from the house after the incident.At that time, police claimed that their four-day probe went in vain as the cops were investigating the case on the line of loot and murder, based on the information provided by the family members of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418894", "title": "United efforts only hope for Nagpur's water bodies", "text": "NAGPUR: With the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) unable to find finances to improve the condition of three rivers and 11 lakes in the city, the central government's National Rivers Conservation Plan (NRCP) and National Lakes Conservation Plan (NLCP) stand as the only hope for the city. However, the plans submitted by NMC under these two schemes are pending for over four years. There is a need for united efforts from all public representatives if anything is to change.The NMC had prepared detailed project report of rejuvenation of Nag river and 11 lakes and submitted under NRCP and NLCP respectively. The estimate for Nag river plan was Rs 241.10 crore while it was Rs 260.49 crore for the lakes plan.The plan of Nag river is pending with the Centre since 2008. On April 14 this year, additional secretary of MoEF Meera Mehrishi held a review meeting on the plan in the city and said it had got in principle approval. Mehrishi directed NMC to submit the plan for final nod after incorporating suggestions given in the meeting. NMC is working on the suggestions since then and is yet to submit the plan.As far as the plan for the lakes is concerned, the Centre had given approval of Rs 5.02 crore for rejuvenation of Sonegaon and Gandhisagar lakes. The plans for remaining nine lakes are pending with the government. The state government had given approval to improve two lakes - Ambazari and Futala - in May and forwarded them to the Centre. Despite getting funds in March 2010, NMC could complete only around 30% of the works at Sonegaon and 10% at Gandhisagar lake.The Centre and NMC are to blame for the delays. Joint effort by leaders from ruling and opposition groups is required to get speedy approval for the remaining plans and also expedite the work at the two lakes. But this is not happening at NMC since both groups hardly come together for the cause of the city.The joint effort of five MPs and six MLAs may get the works approved at the government level fast, but such unity has never been seen in the past. Even office bearers at NMC have never requested for help from MP Vilas Muttemwar in these projects.Assuring to initiate steps for rejuvenation of rivers and lakes, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe told TOI that a committee has been formed to pursue the rejuvenation plans. \"I will take the matter seriously at the government level and get sanctions for the remaining plans. The initiatives for rejuvenation of Nag river and lakes were taken during the tri-centenary celebrations of the city but to no avail. Then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh was eager to take up the projects,\" he said.With the help of funds sanctioned from these two schemes, NMC can get the help of various bodies in the city like Neeri, VNIT, WRD, MPCB and NIT to find ways to rejuvenate the three rivers from their origin points and also the lakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420670", "title": "DNA test, voice sample convinced Saudi of Jundal\u2019s nationality", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mumbai attacks handler and LeT operative Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal was arrested by Saudi Arabian authorities in May last year in a case of alleged forged passport. He was arrested on the insistence of the US and was in a Saudi jail ever since even as India and Pakistan fought over his citizenship and custody.The claim was finally settled in favour of India when it provided voice samples from 26/11 intercepts that matched with those of Jundal's voice. India also sent his father's blood sample for a DNA test which proved he was the son of Maharashtra-based insurance agent Syed Zakiuddin Ansari.Most importantly, it was the alertness of US authorities, the growing cooperation between Indian and US security agencies post-26/11 attacks and the Americans' good offices with Saudi Arabia that helped India bring Jundal home.After ascertaining Jundal's real identity as Zabiuddin Ansari in early 2010, India had shared details with US authorities to put pressure on Pakistan to get him. However, by the end of 2010, Jundal fled to Saudi Arabia on the insistence of his bosses in LeT and the Pakistani intelligence establishment.In 2011, US authorities intercepted some calls that revealed Jundal's presence in Saudi Arabia. Having located him, US authorities then put pressure on the Saudis and got Jundal arrested in an alleged forged passport case in May 2011.However, the real battle was yet to begin as Saudi Arabia, having good relations with Pakistan, refused to give Jundal to India as he was living in that country as Riyasat Ali on a Pakistani passport. Meanwhile, Pakistan staked claim to Jundal as its citizen and pushed Saudi Arabia to release him. At that time, Saudi Arabia was at best inclined to allow Indian authorities limited access to Jundal. India, on the other hand, wanted his custody.Thus started negotiations involving US, Indian and Saudi authorities. The latter demanded each contesting country to produce evidence to prove that Jundal or Riyasat was their citizen. This is when India sent several documents including charge sheets filed against Jundal in India, details of the red corner notice (RCN) in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case, civic certificates of his family that showed he was the son of Syed Zakiuddin Ansari from Beed in Maharashtra; and finally, the voice samples of Jundal in the 26/11 attacks intercepts where he is heard directing terrorists in Nariman House in an unmistakable Indian accent.The last one tilted the balance in favour of India as Jundal's voice matched that of the voice of the handler. To further bolster this evidence, about nine months ago, the home department asked Maharashtra ATS to collect blood samples from Jundal's father.A team under DIG Sukhvinder Singh with men from ATS's Aurangabad unit visited Jundal's home in Hattikhana in Beed and collected the samples. Agencies were so secretive about this operation that ATS was not even informed about the actual purpose of this exercise and was told that the samples were being collected merely to update the RCN against Jundal.These samples were then sent to Saudi Arabai where a DNA test confirmed parentage. \"To counter all this evidence, all Pakistan had was a fake passport. Their case fell through and Saudis agreed to hand over Jundal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419824", "title": "CID arrests agent in urban land ceiling scam", "text": "PUNE: The state criminal investigation department (CID), Pune, on Monday evening arrested agent Atul Ramchandra Panse in the Urban Land Ceiling (ULC) certificate scam.Panse was arrested in crime register number 33/2011, registered with the Swargate police station after he surrendered himself before a magisterial court. The Bombay High Court had earlier refused anticipatory bail to Panse. He was sent to police custody remand till Wednesday.CID deputy superintendent of police A D Patil said Panse had allegedly prepared fake ULC order and had handed it over to Shirish Jadhav of Trimurti builders in 2002.According to Patil, Jadhav, on the basis of fake ULC order, had proposed to develop property at Phursungi belonging to three land owners. Jadhav had later entered into power of attorney and agreement with one of the owners, Suresh Harpale.After Harpale's death, his legal heirs handed over the property to another builder for development. Jadhav later handed over the ULC order to the concerned builder, Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14421781", "title": "Sub-registrar, assistant held for taking bribe", "text": "TRICHY: Sleuths of the directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption (DVAC) on Friday took into custody a sub-registrar on the charge of having received a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a complainant. A subsequent search at the residence of Jayaprakasam, joint-I sub-registrar, yielded unaccounted cash totalling Rs 5.55 lakh. The official and his assistant, Govindaraj, were produced before the special court and remanded in judicial custody before being jailed in the Tiruchirappalli prison.DSP N Silambarasan said that G Elumalai from Mannachanallur, who ran a medical shop, recently purchased 52 cents of land in Pirattiyur village in July last year and registered the same in the sub-registry in Trichy. Sub-registrar Jayaprakasam deliberately procrastinated delivery of original sale deed to the buyer on the pretext of a variety of reasons such as field inspection. Jayaprakasam finally did the field inspection on April 17 this year, and asked the complainant to come after a month to get the original sale deed.On June 25, when Elumalai visited the sub-registrar, the latter demanded Rs 50,000 for issuing the document. Unwilling to pay the bribe, Elumalai reported the matter to the DVAC, which laid a trap the following day and caught the sub-registrar's assistant Govindaraj red-handed while accepting the amount. It later transpired that the sub-registrar had instructed his assistant to receive the bribe on his behalf. This fact was admitted to the police by Govindaraj, who along with Jayaprakasam, was taken into custody by the anti-corruption sleuths under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. Both of them were produced before the special court that ordered them to be lodged in the central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14422483", "title": "Euro 2012: Spain not bothered by boring chants", "text": "The Spaniards are boring. This is like saying that a de-glam Penelope Cruz, in her indignant Spanish speaking avatar - angrily sweeping orange peels and olive seeds off the table into a deep-dish as she rails against the injustices of the world - does not hold your attention. Nothing could be farther from the truth.Spain are in a place where they do not need to impress. Most football teams can only aspire to be them. To call them boring is, well... Ahead of their most important match since the World Cup final, Spain have the little bother of explaining to an impatient world that there is no crisis at hand. Fewer goals do not mean less flamboyance.As the noise of \"boring, boring Spain\" grows all around, Xabi Alonso, with that faraway look, explained the other day that it did not bother them. For a team that has for so long now, so simply, maintained such lofty standards, such distractions can be mildly irritating, even time-consuming. For Alonso, everyday sportsman that he is, the prospect of work-time colleague, part-time opponent Cristiano Ronaldo assuming his Hulk like form must be gnawing at the back of his mind.But first, he has to explain his team's football to a clueless world.In another time not so long ago, in another place, a near namesake had similar explaining to do. A night before the World Cup final two years ago, Xavi Hernandez, Spain's tireless creative genius playmaker and ball-keeper supreme, settled the debate with the calm that only he can. Again, it all stemmed from the issue of the misfiring Fernando Torres. Asked by an English journalist if the narrow one goal wins were a cause for concern and how they planned to recover should the other team take the lead, Xavi replied: \"For the other team to score, they must have the ball.\" No arrogance, no hyperbole, just plain fact.Against the Republic of Ireland recently, he and Iniesta - Batman and Robin of Spain and Barcelona - drummed up a world record 779 completed passes in an international game. With an 84 per cent passing rate, they had attempted an audacious 929 passes. And to think, at the Euro Xavi has had to stave off talk of him being fatigued.The real impact of Spain's domination can be gauged by how other teams have remoulded themselves in order to counter them. France seemed shaping up into a stylish, technically-strong, tactically-aware side under the thoughtful Laurent Blanc. Against Spain, they simply hit the panic mode even before the whole thing had begun - employing the most baffling defensive starting line-up, one which did not include the attack minded Samir Nasri till the issue was well over.Blanc was shown up as an alarmist who did not know how to confront Spain. Against France, Spain managed 638 complete passes out of an attempted 800 - a success rate of 80!Perhaps, it is symptomatic of a reactive fear that is afflicting Spain's foes. Elsewhere, England retreated into a newly-made shell - fielding no less than half dozen players in defensive roles against the Italians.One man, though, will have none of it. In a Spain-Portugal friendly in Nov 2010, Cristiano Ronaldo powered down the left, drew in an over-eager Gerard Pique and made the world champion defender look foolish as he turned him in and left him for dead. The chip past Iker Casillas was heading for a sublime goal... until Nani decided to join the fun and headed it in. It was ruled offside and Ronaldo, livid at being robbed of his thunder by his own teammate, is still a sight to watch on online videos. It aptly sums up Wednesday night's Spain v Portugal.It will be no friendly, though. To upset Spain's elaborate patterns, perhaps you need Ronaldo's primal methods, his straightforward and direct approach. Can raw power and pace - and the burning desire to be best - alone prove to be the antidote to Spain? Or will the busy little men in red continue to remain the biggest idea in world football?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421806", "title": "Seized feathers point to peacock poaching", "text": "CHENNAI: Forest department officials on Monday arrested three people in the city for selling peacock feathers, in an incident indicative of the ongoing poaching of peacocks in the state.After Rajasthan and Gujarat , Tamil Nadu has probably the largest population of the national bird \u2014especially in Tiruchi, Madurai, Theni, Virudhunagar and Coimbatore districts where they are found in open areas. But, with thousands of the birds being poached for meat and medicine the state appears to be losing the colourful species protected under Schedule 1 of the Wildlife Protection Act.However, forest department officials denied the latest incident was related to poaching. \"The three arrested said they bought the feathers in other states and brought them here,\" Chennai wildlife warden V Karunapriya told TOI.A team led by forest ranger S David Raj raided many areas and nabbed Naval Singh (23), Pawan (24) and Jithendar (25), both from Agra in Uttar Pradesh. \"We seized more than 200 peacock feathers from them. They were selling a bunch of feathers, to be used as a hand-held fan, for Rs 50-75. As some of the stems of the feathers had been chopped, we could not confirm if they had been plucked from a live bird or whether they had been shed by a bird,\" an official said.Members of the narikurava tribe, locally known as gypsies, and residents of areas where the birds are found are known to poach them for their oil, an ingredient in many Siddha preparations. The oil is also considered an aphrodisiac, while peacock meat is clandestinely served in a few eateries in the south to \"preferred customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14421851", "title": "Engineering graduate held for car theft", "text": "CHENNAI: M Saranraj (23) graduated as an engineer but only managed to land a job at a car service centre. When his father refused to give him the money he demanded, he took away a programmable car key from his workplace, stole a car from the owner's house and demanded Rs three lakh for it. He is now behind the bars.Police said Saranraj of Aminjikarai, who graduated from a college in Sriperumbudur, got a job at a car service centre three months ago but quit in a day, unable to cope with the pressure, police said. He asked his father Murugesan, an assistant engineer in the commercial taxes department, money to join a BPO but his father refused.\"Frustrated, he went back to the service cetre in Koyambedu on June 8 and took away the programmable key of the Toyota Innova of a customer. The centre's employees immediately informed the owner about it,\" said Peravallur inspector R Kamala Kannan.\"Since the car cannot be used without the programmable keys, the owner refused to take delivery of the car and demanded an alternative key,\" he said. On June 15, the car was delivered to him with another key.Meanwhile, Raj, who had forged documents and obtained a fake RC book for the car, drove it away from outside the businessman's house in Peravallur using the programmable key he possessed.He called up the owner and demanded 3 lakh. After negotiations, he agreed to give it for Rs one lakh and asked the owner to come to Anna Nagar where he was caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14425136", "title": "No compromise on the arrest of two Italian marines", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government said on Wednesday that there will be no compromise by India on the situation arising out of the arrest of the 2 Italian marines.Foreign minister S M Krishna said, \"the marines will have to prove their innocence in the court of law and India is not going to make any compromise on that come what may. He added though that this was not going to hamper ties with Italy. \"I have spoken my Italian counterpart and I can say that we continue to enjoy cordial relations,\" he added.Charges were earlier framed against the marines despite the Italian authorities cutting a deal with the victims of the relatives by offering them huge compensation. Indian government though has refused to be a part of any out of court settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14418995", "title": "Surjeet being released, not Sarabjit: Zardari's spokesman", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Hours after reports emerged that Pakistan was to free Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh , the presidential spokesman on Tuesday night clarified that authorities had taken steps for the release of another Indian prisoner named Surjeet Singh who has been jailed for three decades.\"I think there is some confusion. First, it is not a case of pardon. More importantly, it is not Sarabjit. It is Surjeet Singh, son of Sucha Singh. His death sentence was commuted in 1989 by President (Ghulam) Ishaq (Khan) on the advice of (then premier) Benazir Bhutto ,\" presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said.Law minister Farooq Naek on Tuesday conveyed to the interior ministry that Surjeet Singh had completed his life term in jail and ought to be released and sent back to India, Babar said.\"Keeping him in jail any longer will be illegal confinement,\" he added.Any references to President Asif Ali Zardari in the entire matter were \"out of context\", the presidential spokesman said.Surjeet Singh, currently being held in Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore, has been in Pakistani captivity for over 30 years.He was captured near the border with India on charges of spying during the era of military ruler Zia-ul-Haq.Earlier in the day, Pakistani news channels had reported that President Zardari had converted Sarabjit Singh's death sentence to life imprisonment and directed authorities to release him if he had completed his prison term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418518", "title": "Passport application work shifted to Passport Seva Kendras", "text": "LUCKNOW: The submission of passport applications at the regional passport office has stopped since Monday. All applicants are now being directed to the Passport Seva Kendra (PSKs) to submit their passport applications. It's not only the submission (of general category) of passport applications, which will be done at PSKs, but also the applications for renewal and re-issue of passports and Tatkal passports.The applicants will have to log on to online portal (www.passportindia.gov.in). Create a user ID and assign a password, fill and submit the application form online (one can also scan and upload relevant supporting documents) or download the e-form and fill and upload the same at the website.The applicants will have to take note of the Application Reference Number (ARN), schedule an appointment and take printout of appointment slip. After that, applicants will have to visit the designated passport seva kendra.The regional passport office in March had opened PSKs at Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi and Gorakhpur, where people can submit passport applications online.The old technique of submitting passport applications at passport offices will be done away with this month.The passport office, however, will have only one counter to issue diplomatic/official passports or passports to VIPs, along with the cases where passport office has made some mistake and it has to rectify (free of cost by the office).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419328", "title": "'Let Navy concede to dual airports'", "text": "PANAJI: Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco on Tuesday demanded that chief minister Manohar Parrikar produce a letter from the Navy stating that the Dabolim airport would co-exist after the commissioning of the Mopa Greenfield airport.He said the chief minister, after the Cortalim election was declared, had announced that Dabolim would continue to operate even after Mopa becomes a reality. To this, Reginaldo said, \"I believe the chief minister is not the competent authority to give assurances on the subject. From what I know, it is the Navy which has to clear the air on the Dabolim airport,\" he said pointing out that it is a naval airport.Reginaldo said it is up to the chief minister to come clear on the issue. \"We are not interested in assurances from the state government. The chief minister should get a written assurance from the Navy to the effect that the Dabolim airport will continue to operate in the event Mopa is commissioned,\" he said demanding that till then, the government shouldn't proceed with the Mopa airport project. He criticized the government for trying to invoke Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act.The Curtorim MLA further said that what has happened in Bangalore is an eye opener for Goa adding that the smaller, old airport was shut after the new airport was commissioned.He said the people from South Goa would not keep quiet if the government puts the Mopa airport on fasttrack. \"Thousands of people are dependent on the Dabolim airport,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14421652", "title": "Rural voters to elect chairmen, members of nagar panchayats", "text": "KANPUR: The residents of Ghatampur, Billhaur, Bithoor and Shivrajpur will elect chairman, corporators and members of the municipal corporation and nagar panchayats today.The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for smooth polling in two tehsils and two suburbs of the city.As many as 33,962 voters, including 16,016 women would elect chairman and 25 corporators. The authorities had set up 11 polling centres, having 33 booths. Three of them have been marked as sensitive.In Billhaur, the population is 20,474 with 16,161 are voters. The number of women voters is 7,555. Residents of Billhaur will elect chairman from eight candidates and 25 corporators among 66 contestants. The administration had set up eight polling centres, having 25 booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422447", "title": "\u2018Community can prevent drug abuse\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A seminar was organized on Tuesday by social welfare department, in association with State Legal Services Authority, to mark International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking. Various issues were deliberated on by a panel of experts, including R S Ghuman, SP (operations), Dr B S Chavan, HOD, department of psychiatry, Government Medical College and Hospital, and advocate Karan Bhardwaj.Ghuman stressed on the role of community in dealing with the menace of drug abuse and illicit trafficking.Dr Chavan explained the psychological and psychiatric basis of the problem and apprised of the various ways to deal with it.Bhardwaj emphasized on legal provisions of NDPS Act and the role of police department, department of social welfare and voluntary organizations in tackling these challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420773", "title": "7 Maoists arrested, huge cache of explosives seized in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Security forces in Jharkhand on Tuesday arrested seven Maoists and recovered a huge cache of explosives from their possession. The arrests carried out in Khunti and Ranchi districts came only hours prior to the 24-hour bandh called by the outlawed CPI(Maoist) from Tuesday midnight.The explosives, which were brought through couriers from Mumbai and meant for use by the rebels to trigger violence in Jharkhand, are enough to destroy an entire company of security force, police said.\"The seized materials are enough to make as many as 500 can bombs,\" another police officer said.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the consignment was brought from Jamshedpur to Ranchi as per directive of CPI(Maoist) area commander Kundan Pahan.The seized explosives include 3,795 electric detonators, 9,838 special ordinary detonators, 925 kg of ammonium nitrate, 170 kg soda ash (black explosive powder), safety fuse wire 75 bundles (1,900 metres). Police also seized Rs 20,000 cash and four mobile phones from the arrested Maoists.The SSP said the arrested persons were being interrogated at length to know about Maoists' plan to trigger violence during Tuesday's bandh.\"The security mechanism in the district has been put on maximum alert in view of the 24-hour bandh called by the rebels,\" Singh added.Security forces are, meanwhile, conducting raids at suspected hideouts of Maoists in the state following information collected during interrogation of the arrested Maoists, police said.Giving details of the arrests, sources said police initially arrested three Maoists -- Malta Bhengra, Rajkumar Bhengra, and Basudev Pramanik -- in Khunti district on Tuesday morning. Information provided by them led to the arrest of four others by a joint team of Ranchi police and personnel of 196 CRPF battalion during raids carried out under Tupudana police station area in Ranchi district. They have been identified as Mohd Nasim alias Bhola, Sanwar Khan, Shahjahan and Khalil Ansari. While Nasim and Khan were picked up from Dungigarha locality, Shahjahan and Ansari were arrested from Alipur locality.Ranchi ASP (Ops) Apoorva said the huge cache of explosives were recoved from the houses of these four arrested Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419329", "title": "Eight girls rescued from placement cells", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight girls from Assam, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh have been rescued from four placement agencies in east Delhi allegedly involved in human trafficking. Four persons, including a woman, have been arrested.\"There was a tip-off from an NGO, Shakti Vahini, and we raided the four placement agencies, Babita Enterprises, India Maid Bureau, Deepika Placement Agency and Mission Welfare Society,\" said Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police (crime). The arrested have been identified as Ravinder Yadav, Pradeep Toppo, Vimal Kerketta and Babita, all residents of Shakurpur in east Delhi.Four of the rescued girls are from Assam, one from Chhattisgarh and three from Jharkhand. \"The girls were terrified and have disclosed that the placement agencies had employed them as domestic help across Delhi. When they wanted to go home, the agencies had detained them and withheld their earnings. These placement agencies wanted them to employ further as domestic helps,\" Jain said. After medical examination, the girls were sent to the children's home for girls at Nirmal Chhaya in Hari Nagar.Ten girls, who were lured on the pretext of employment in the capital, were also rescued from GB Road brothels in central Delhi. The girls in the age group of 15-18 years were rescued from GB Road brothelsfollowing a tip-off by Rescue Foundation, an NGO. Nine of them are from West Bengal and one from Bihar.\"They all belong to poor families and were lured on the pretext of providing them employment in Delhi,\" Devesh Srivastava, Additional Commissioner of Police (Central), said. The raid was conducted after the NGO informed police that a a minor girl who was missing from 24 Pargana in West Bengal is confined at Kotha No- 58, GB Road. Out of ten, nine are residents of West Bengal while one is from Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418602", "title": "MEA's advisory for passport applicants", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ministry of External Affairs has issued advisory for passport applicants.The advisory states:*As per the serving capacity of each PSK, online appointment slots are opened on daily basis.*In cases where applicants are not able to obtain online appointments at PSKs, they are advised to visit concerned RPO in their area.*Such applicants should fill up the application online, generate 'Application Reference Number' and visit RPO along with the printed 'ARN Sheet'.*RPO will consider such cases and will give staggered appointments keeping in view the load/capacity at the respective PSK under their jurisdiction.*Tatkaal and other urgency applications will be given preference in allotting appointments.*Applicants having confirmed appointments and who are unable to visit PSK due to some reason, are advised to reschedule/cancel their appointments at-least 15 hours prior to the scheduled date/time.*In case of 'no show' of the applicant on the scheduled day and time, the data captured for that applicant will be deleted from the system including ARN number.*Such applicants will be required to fill up the 'data' again and obtain fresh appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "14421056", "title": "Khap leaders endorse Aamir's plea against pesticides", "text": "JIND: After opposing Aamir Khan's TV show \" Satyamev Jayate\" on honour killings, Haryana's khap panchayats have come out in support of his plea to oppose the use of pesticides in farming.A group of khap leaders held a meeting at Nidana village of Jind district on Tuesday in this connection.\"We plan to go to each village of the state to make farmers aware about the harmful effects of pesticides,\" said Om Prakash Mann, state head of Sarv Jatiya Khap Mahapanchayat.Another leader of the khap, Kuldeep Singh Dhanda, said, \"In his show, Amir Khan has shown the ill effects of pesticides and chemicals in farming as it leads to various diseases in the human body. We endorse his viewpoint on the issue. We witness a similar scenario in Haryana as farmers here have been excessively using pesticides for better yield.\"The latest initiative against pesticides has been taken by an activist, Dr Surender Dalal, who is leading an insect literacy campaign in his Nidana village.\"I had requested the khaps to intervene in the matter as, being elders, farmers follow their decisions,\" Dalal told The Times of India.\"As part of the campaign, we will make farmers aware about organic farming and friendly insects to avoid use of pesticides,\" he added.The khap leaders are also planning to hold a mahapanchayat also on the issue, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419354", "title": "Soon, tower with roads in Gurgaon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The accident-prone Hero Honda Chowk would soon get a unique building like the Gate Tower in Osaka, Japan. Roads would pass through second and third floors of this building which would unclog the congestion at peak hours.In case of the 16-storey Gate Tower, the 5th, 6th and 7th floors are occupied by an express highway \u2014 passing right through the building. While the floors in Osaka have been taken on rent by the Hanshin Expressway, in Gurgaon the building would be built by National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).As per the proposal made by the road transport and highways ministry, the government would allow a developer to build the tower and rent it out. \"The developer will invest in the road project too and would recover the entire investment from rental,\" said a ministry official.Director general (roads) C Kandasamy made this presentation at a meeting on Monday, chaired by highways minister CP Joshi , his deputy Jitin Prasada and Haryana PWD minister Randeep Surjewala. At present, there are two buildings in Jaipur \u2014 Sahkar Bhavan and World Trade Park \u2014 where roads pass beneath the buildings.\"Enough clearing space would be left for straight moving vehicles on the expressway. Those heading towards Jaipur from Sector-10 side or those from Hero Honda towards Delhi can take the elevated roads which will be through different floors of the buildings,\" said a senior official. The project can go to a private player who would quote minimum years of lease for these commercial spaces.Sources said the project can easily take off considering the high demand and price of commercial space at a prime location like this in the NCR. Though initially the ministry was pushing Haryana to execute the project, now it has agreed to take undertake the work.\"Haryana has promised to give 23-25 clearances for this project. The chief minister has also agreed to exempt about Rs 50 lakh which it could have raised for urban development fee,\" said an official who attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14418756", "title": "BJP activists seek Shivankar's expulsion", "text": "BHANDARA: Office bearers of Bhandara and Gondia district BJP units have urged state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar to expel former minister and former MP Mahadeo Shivankar from the party for anti-party activities in both districts.The members of the Bhandara and Gondia district BJP units had gone to Nashik last week to attend the state-level BJP meeting. During the meeting, most office bearers, including district presidents, signed a joint memorandum demanding Shivankar's expulsion from the party. The memorandum was handed over to state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar.MLA Nana Patole, Gondia ZP president Netaram Katre, vice-president Vinod Agrawal, Gondia district BJP chief Hemant Patle, Bhandara district BJP chief Shishupal Patle and many other senior leaders were present when the signed statement was submitted.Leader of opposition in state legislature Eknath Khadse, who was also present, enquired about the working style of Shivankar in both districts.Shivankar was a minister in the BJP-Shiv Sena government in the state. Later he went on to become a member of parliament from Chimur parliamentary constituency. A senior BJP leader said on condition of anonymity that the BJP gave Shivankar post, prestige and high status, but as soon as his term of MP ended in 2009 and he was not given an opportunity to be a BJP candidate from Bhandara or Gondia constituencies, he started working against the party, particularly BJP national president Nitin Gadkari .\"Shivankar organized a farmers' rally in Bhandara district excluding Tumsar talukawith the help of his stooges and spat venom against BJP and particularly against BJP MLA Nana Patole, who is a potential candidate in 2014 parliamentary elections. Shivankar is also trying to misguide party workers to bring them to his fold. Aware that he or his son won't be given any post in the party, he is trying to make his son MLC. But his candidature won't be endorsed by state party bosses. Shivankar has also targeted Wainganga Sugar factory run by Nitin Gadkari's Purti group. He also criticizes Gadkari in public. In the coming parliamentary elections, Shivankar is likely to favour a NCP candidate to take revenge against the BJP,\" said the party leader.\"Most of the BJP leaders and workers want Shivankar to be expelled from the party. Shivankar's ouster won't affect BJP, rather the party will be strengthened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422340", "title": "Three held for rape, killing three-year-old", "text": "INDORE: Three persons have been arrested for the alleged rape and murder of a three-year-old girl in LIG here on Tuesday. The accused have been identified as Jitu, Babu and Pammi. Police said that the accused have been arrested for rape and murder Shivani, daughter of Arjun Phadase, was resident of Somnath Ki Juni Chal.It may be mentioned that the girl went missing on Saturday and on Monday she was found dead in the nullah by few people. Her head was reportedly crushed by stones as police found few blood-stained stones near her body.Police said that the girl before going missing, was seen enjoying a marriage procession passing through the area. Her family members then lodged a missing report with the MIG police station.It is suspected that the girl might have been a victim of sexual harassment after which she was killed. But police refused to say anything as it would be confirmed only after post-mortem.Police have sent the body to MY Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419897", "title": "Child healthcare programme launched", "text": "HYDERABAD: A maternal and child healthcare programme, Amma Kongu (anchal), was launched by the state's health and family welfare department here on Tuesday. The programme will connect health department officials in each district to non-governmental and volunteering healthcare professionals and members of local communities and is expected to improve the living and health standards in rural areas.Organisations including Unicef, Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School, Public Health and National Rural Health Mission have partnered with the government for this initiative.The programme will concentrate on areas such as breast feeding, prevention of child marriages, antenatal care, anaemia, institutional deliveries, postnatal care and child health. In a meeting meant to launch the programme, healthcare officials said that the community sensitisation programme will be run with the aid of self-help groups and multimedia communication technologies.Speaking at the launch, K R Kishore, principal secretary of the health and family welfare department, said that while the state's economy is thriving, people are still lagging behind in social capital.\"We need to inculcate certain practices and this is possible only over a period of time. The simple practice of washing hands before having food has to be cultivated over a period of time and hence to cultivate breast feeding, it might take longer,\" said Kishore. He said that the entire health department will be involved in building such practices.Officials said that the state has already identified pockets where healthcare was given least priority. \"We have roped in healthcare professionals because in a village people listen to teachers and doctors. Sometimes healthcare professionals have to take up the responsibility of mobilizing community members to opt for regular health checks,\" said Sonykutty George, Unicef incharge of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Doctors have to do more than administering medicines and running tests, he added.District medical and health officers of all the 23 districts of the state had attended the meeting. Among the four south Indian states, AP is the first to implement the programme. \"We named the programme 'mother's anchal' as it is meant to symbolize a holistic health care programme which is multi-pronged,\" the principal secretary said.This programme is the first of its kind where we are aiming at social and behavioural change,\" Kishore added. The programme is expected to help the tribal belts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419185", "title": "'3 months on, fate of our jobs undecided'", "text": "PANAJI: Job seekers who had been given offer letters before the election code of conduct came into effect, on Tuesday gathered outside the chief minister's official residence at Altinho demanding that they be recruited without any discrimination.Talking to mediapersons, those who had got offer letters as gram sevaks said they have been waiting for the government reply on the fate of their jobs for the last three months.\"We met the minister for panchayats Laxmikant Parsekar who told us to meet the chief minister. Some time back, the chief minister had told the media that those who were issued letters before the code came into effect, would be given employment. If that is the case then why is the government not recruiting us when everything is legal?\", they asked.Earlier, a group of public works department contract workers met the chief minister, who is learned to have assured them that their demand for regularization of service would be considered after the assembly session that begins on July 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418337", "title": "'Shoot down whoever you find moving outside. Fire'", "text": "MUMBAI: Two terrorists laid siege to Nariman House, the Chabad-Lubavitch Jewish centre in Mumbai, around 9.45pm on November 26, 2008. For two days, the terrorists remained holed up in the building, continually getting directions from their six handlers in Pakistan through satellite phone. Among the handlers was the recently-arrested Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal.Transcripts of the calls show the handlers ordering the terrorists to fire outside and to lob grenades. They also show the handlers instructing the terrorists to lay down demands through phone conversations with the media. The siege was ended by NSG commandos around 7pm on November 28. By that time, however, six hostages had died. The two terrorists-Abu Babar Imran and Nasir Abu Umar-were killed too.T | TerroristH | HandlerT | As-Salamu Alaykum.H-1 | Waalaikum assalam.H-2 | As-Salamu Alaykum.T | Waalaikum assalam.H-2 | How are you, brother?T | By the grace of God, everything is well. How are you?H-2 | What is happening there?T | Everything is fine. Levi [US Chabad official Rabbi Levi Shemtov] had called again.H-2 | Called again?T | Yes. I kept on hold a call from a Mumbai police inspector-control room.H-2 | Who is he?T | Inspector Patil.H-2 | Inspector Patil?T | That is his name.H-2 | What did he say?T | He was putting me through to someone else. He said he will call again. I said fine. I told him I don't have the time; my cellphone's battery is dying.H-2 | Tell him that an inspector won't do. End all this. An inspector is a nobody.T | I told him who is an inspector. Bring before me an IG or someone higher up. Inspector kya cheez hota hai?H-2 | Did you lob a grenade outside?T | Yes.H-2 | How did it go?T | I haven't looked. What is the media showing of the outside?H-2 | They haven't showed anything; they are talking about it. They said there is commotion and that gunfire can be heard.T | We haven't fired as yet, just thrown grenades.H-2 | How long has it been?T | A minute or two....H-2 | Now push the gun's barrel out and fire towards the street.T | Okay.H-2 | Just thrust the barrel out; you stay behind.T | At the street?H-2 | Yes. Fire twice or thrice....H-2 | Is there any movement outside, around the building?T | A lot, actually. We'll look for individual targets. There are people standing in windows.H-2 | Yes. Hold on for a minute. Shoot down whoever you can see. Fire.T | Okay.H-2 | Shoot down whoever you find moving.T | Okay. How many people they say have been killed?H-2 | Scores....(After this, the conversation focuses on the calls the terrorists were to make to the media. The handlers, by turns, instruct the terrorists in what to say to the media and how.)H-2 | What if we make the Mexican woman [a hostage terrorists had wrongly assumed to be Mexican] talk to the media? She can herself describe what is happening to her. I want to survive. Please save me.T | They will take prompt action.H-2 | But remember, don't let them ask her about the number of terrorists. We'll get an advantage. There will be more pressure on them.T | She was about to talk earlier. I switched off the phone....H-2 | Now Jundal bhai will narrate to you the speech....H-1 | As-Salamu Alaykum.T | Waalaikum assalam. How are you? What is the situation there? Everything well?...H-1 | After the message, use as much English as you can.T | Right.H-1 | Use a lot of Hindi and don't answer their questions. They will twist your words. Just say what we want to.T | Okay....H-1 | Talk to them in a firm voice. Your message will be played by the media for hours.T | Sure....H-1 | This is about muhahideens' honour. Drink more water if you have it. With patience. Disconnect the call if you don't understand what is being said. Or cover the phone.T | Okay.H-1 | Talk to him.T | Hello?H-3 | As-Salamu Alaykum.T | Waalaikum assalam.H-3 | How are you, brother?T | By the grace of God, everything is well.H-3 | Do you remember what I told you?T | I do remember, but Vashi bhai said this is the media.H-3 | Don't discuss anything unimportant. Talk about Israel. India has ties with Israel. It doesn't allow the movement of Muslims, doesn't allow rations to enter. Secondly, they will ask where you are from.T | Yes.H-3 | Tell them you are from Hyderabad Deccan.T | Yes.H-3 | Hyderabad city.T | Hyderabad Deccan.H-3 | Hyderabad city. Say that I am from Hyderabad city and Chowki is my area.T | Chowki.H-3 | Choli Chowki. Choli Chowki.T | Fine. Choli Chowki.H-3 | And if they ask, tell them that you have links with Hyderabad Deccan.T | Okay.H-3 | With this group.T | With Hyderabad Deccan.H-3 | Tell them you are linked only with Hyderabad Deccan. If they ask why you are carrying out the attack, say we are upset with the government's faulty and duplicitous policies....H-3 | The latest example are the Sachar Committee's recommendations.T | The newest instance.H-3 | On one hand, the government makes announcements, and on the other, it arrests Muslim youths....", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14422294", "title": "Pet lovers import pure breeds from metros", "text": "INDORE: Pure breed and pedigreed pets are becoming a rarity in the city forcing pet lovers to look up to the metros to get quality pets. Delhi, Bengaluru, Dehradoon, Kolkata and Punjab are some of the places from where pups are being bought by the pet lovers from here.Pet lovers and experts said that most pets being sold off as pure breeds at the local pet shops are actually mixed breeds. Moreover the pedigree of the pet is not properly maintained by the local breeders making it difficult to identify their purity.Viraj Mishra, a young pet lover told TOI, \"The pets that are available in Indore are apparently are not pure breed. Mixed breeds are being sold off as pure breed\". Viraj is the owner of Sultan (pet's name), a labrador which he bought from Dehradun.The views are echoed by veterinarian Dr R K Jain, who lamented over the impact of inbreeding over pets in the city. He said, lack of knowledge among the pet breeders in Indore is the sole cause of decline in the quality of the pets available.Mishra further said, \"I am also planning to buy a Rottweiler coming week for security purpose. It will also be an 'imported' dog\".There are many pet lovers like Viraj in Indore who are obsessed about the breed. Yogesh Chouhan, another pet lover, bought his labrador 'Shanky' from Bengaluru through a local breeder. He did so after having failed to get a good breed in Madhya Pradesh. \"Indore lacks the availability of pure breeds. There are variations in the breeds that are sold here,\" said Yogesh.He said that he also consulted a veterinary doctor before importing his pet to narrow down on the right choice. Yogesh claims that many dogs sold at local pet shops in Indore are not registered and this is primarily the reason that people look to other cities.Yatin Deshmukh, was informed by his relatives about the availability of good quality of breed in metros and so he decided to take help of a breeder to import his pet. He said, \"My cousin informed me that the dogs which have foreign parentage are very good pets and they are available only in metros, so I chose to buy a pet from Delhi.\"A city-based breeder Atul Kaushal admitting to the growing trend of pets being imported to the city said that the deteriorating quality of pets available in the local market is a matter of concern. Atul usually provides his customers the best possible pure breed. \"I bring high quality pets from outside Indore and sell them here so that the purity issue is taken care of.\"Delhi, Bengaluru, Pune and Punjab are cities where one can get good pure breeds, said Atul. At these places, breeders use foreign pets and have good knowledge of breeding, so they are preferred, said Atul. He is an avid dog lover and owns six dogs.Veterinarian Dr Jain said, \"Inbred dogs display abnormalities on a regular basis as \"bad\" genes become more widespread. These abnormalities can be simple undesirable characteristics or more serious deformities.\" Inbreeding is a double-edged sword and excessive inbreeding can limit the gene pool so that the breed loses vigour, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14420097", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation fails to 'find' proof at illegal nursing home", "text": "PUNE: A day after a nursing home was found operating without a licence in Katraj, officials of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday did a U-turn saying that they 'found' no records to substantiate that the suspected doctor was running a nursing home.\"We did not find any records when we inspected the nursing home in Katraj on Tuesday. The doctor seems to have shifted the beds and all the clinical and surgical paraphernalia during the night. Hence, we cannot file a case against him. Even if we file a case, it would not stand due to lack of evidence,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.\"It is not a turnaround. The official who inspected the nursing home on Monday didn't collect any evidence. When we went there on Tuesday to collect evidence we couldn't get anything. But this does not mean that we have stopped our investigation,\" Pardeshi said.The doctor also admitted before a group of reporters on Monday that his clinic was not registered with the PMC.\"This is all true. But we are helpless as we did not get anything when we visited the doctor's clinic on Tuesday,\" Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14420940", "title": "Cops asked disturbing questions, complains Pascal's wife", "text": "BANGALORE: Suja Jones Mazurier, who has accused her French diplomat-husband Pascal Mazurier of raping their four-year-old daughter, on Tuesday complained to city police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji about \"disturbing questions\" posed to her by police officers during questioning, police sources said.The written complaint came a day after Suja was grilled for four hours by the High Grounds police. She was asked when she first noticed that her husband was abusing their daughter and why she had kept silent for such a long while, during Monday's session.Suja was allegedly asked \"disturbing questions\" not pertaining to the issue. The questioning was also videographed, a rarity for Bangalore police.Mirji confirmed to TOI that she had met him and voiced concern over police questioning. \"Yes, she met me and told me about the questioning. She also gave a few 'documents' regarding the case. I will discuss whatever information I have received with my subordinates,\" he said.He also said that police will have to ask uncomfortable questions while making a case and people may find problems with them. Talking about the video recording of the statements, he said it is usually done after taking the consent of the victim and the family.But on Monday, police officials allegedly recorded Suja's statements without seeking her permission.Mirji said the report of the DNA tests on Pascal was yet to reach police. The chargesheet will be filed once all the evidence is collected and in consultation with the public prosecutor, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420832", "title": "Chopper crisis hits Jharkhand's anti-Maoist operations", "text": "RANCHI: Police are facing tough time because of erratic availability of choppers from the Air Force for anti-Naxalite operations.Police sources said in the past one year the Air Force was not able to provide chopper on demand at least on 50% occasions. On a number of times, the Air Force was not able to provide helicopter because of technical reasons.\"We had to postpone anti-Naxalite operations several times - especially when our own Dhruv helicopter was under maintenance - because of non-availability of chopper,\" said an officer.Although IG (operations) S N Pradhan admitted that the Air Force could not often provide choppers on time, he declined to say anything on the matter.Jharkhand police expect that the decision of the Union government to provide monetary assistance to states to hire helicopters on wet lease for anti-Naxalite operations will ease their problem to a grate extent.\"We have our own helicopter maintenance staff. If we get Rs 15 crore from the Union government, we can hire 2-3 choppers for a year. With the same amount, other states will be able to get one chopper on lease. Once we get formal intimation from Centre, we will invite tender from parties who have Mi17 or equivalent helicopter and are ready to offer it for anti-Naxalite operations,\" said an officer.The officer expressed hope that the state police will be in a better position to handle anti-Naxalite operations with at least three choppers at its disposal. \"We will be able to quickly airlift our personnel during anti-Naxalite operations and drop them to locations even deep inside jungles without any delay,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14421573", "title": "BHU marks World Paralysis Day", "text": "VARANASI: The Department of Neurology, Banaras Hindu University organized a special awareness programme to create public awareness to mark World Paralysis Day (WPD) on Tuesday.According to associate professor and the organizing secretary of the programme, Dr VN Mishra, \"around 100 patients of various neurological disorders including the patients of celebral palsy, brain stroke/paralysis interacted with people to reveal the progress in the course of treatment and rehabilitation. Former vice chancellor of Gorakhpur University, Prof RK Mishra inauguarted the programme. The medical superintendent, SS hospital, BHU , Prof US Dwivedi presided over the inaugural session.The department is also organising a two-day (June 30 and July 1) symposium on brain stroke to mark WPD. A number of leading neurologists in the country including Prof Subhash Kaul, Nizam Institute, Hyderabad and Prof Padma of AIIMS, New Delhi would also attend the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418340", "title": "NSSO's 69th round of survey from July 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Sample Survey Office, Union Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation, Government of India will be conducting a survey on drinking water, sanitation, hygiene, housing condition and urban slums from the selected households/slums during its 69th round of survey to be conducted from July 1 to December 31.In order to train the field staff for the survey, regional training camp of NSSO, is being organised at Regional Science City from 25 to 28 June 2012. Using the information collected, important indicators of living facilities like availability and sources of drinking water, improved toilet facilities, arrangements for garbage disposal, drainage system and particulars of dwellings will be generated.Informing the purpose of the survey, deputy director general, Harbinder Singh said, \"The slum survey seeks to measure the extent of the slum problem by estimating the number of slums, slum-dwelling households and percentage of slums having access to specific facilities that are known to be absent in many slums.\"\"NSSO in the coming survey will cover 8,000 selected villages/urban blocks in the country. Out of them 972 samples, (616 villages and 356 urban blocks) belong to Uttar Pradesh. We will be using the method of simple random sampling for blocks and villages and overall survey will be done by using multi-stage stratified sampling,\" said Bhawna Singh, director Regional office, NSSO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14419102", "title": "Burglars steal 19 idols from Jain temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into Jain temple at Aghapura and escaped with 19 Digambar swamy idols and 20 stands on Monday night.The miscreants entered the temple by breaking open the window grill. They used the keys kept inside to open the display safes and took away seven silver idols and 12 idols made of copper and bronze. They also stole 20 idol stands made of silver, Habeeb Nagar inspector NSV Venkateswar Rao said.The incident came to light on Tuesday when the temple doors were opened in the morning.Based on a complaint lodged by temple committee representative Pavan, a burglary case was registered under sections 457/380 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426447", "title": "Career in digital marketing", "text": "Digital Marketing is for those who find within themselves a creative spark and passion for the internet. Vaijayanthi Kadhiravan outlines it all.If you have ever received an e-mail offering a variety of numbers or websites to contact for free wall papers of Bollywood stars, you're no stranger to the world of digital marketing. Digital marketing is the use of the internet for advertisement and publicity. With increasing human interest in online pursuits, digital marketers indeed have an enviable job!Course Watch Most institutions which provide these courses require a bachelor's degree from any stream. As digital marketing pertains to knowledge in science, statistics, artistic visualisation and e-commerce, student of any field can take up digital marketing as a career. However, those with degrees in technology and/ or marketing do have an upper-hand. Following this, an aspirant can opt for a number of courses such as Diploma in Digital Marketing, Executive Programme in Digital Marketing (EPDM), MSc in Digital Marketing (following a diploma or certificate) and numerous IAMAI ( Internet and Mobile Association of India)-approved programmes. Many management institutes (such as IIMs) offer programmes by NIIT. Student must make sure that the covers search engine marketing, search engine optimisation and e-mail marketing.Skill Speak Krishna Mohan, AVP of business development and regional head, Magnon Solutions, advises, \"The candidate must be a complete internet-freak! He should have more than a basic knowledge about the internet and should have a strong presence in it. They should be creative and understand how to create strategies which are campaign-specific.\"Work Wise What do the digital marketers do before companies put up ads on web pages? \"With a clear campaign objective and set deliverables/ expectation from the activity, the communication is worked out and the required landing pages are created. Banner creatives with communication are used on the sites and tracking mechanisms are used to keep a track of the performance,\" answers Satya Prabhakar, CEO and founder of Sulekha.comDetailing the job profile of a digital marketer, Subrata Roy, founder of Vervecom Media, adds, \"A digital marketer understands the needs of a client. It is his job to hand over brand promise to the client.\"A professional working in the SEM sector of digital marketing deals with earning revenue from Pay per Click advertisements. R Krishna Kumar, who trains clients in Google's AdSense and runs way2onlinejobs, provides his insights, \"Through the AdSense Affiliate Programme, you are actually helping Google advertise on your site and they pay you a percentage of what they earn. Through AdSense, you have full control of your advertisement expenditure and even receive a report on the success of your ad, how many customers it attracts and so on.\"Lately, social media optimisation has also been growing. Here, the marketer is responsible for promotion through social networking sites. Piyush Khanna, executive of customer care at Bestylish, an online shoe store, comments, \"Through our ads on Facebook, Twitter and Youtube , we are able to garner maximum attention of people across the nation and not limit it to one region.\"Moolah Matters A fresher can expect between Rs 15000-30000 rupees per month. Sky is the limit for experienced professionals.Potential Growth Brand promotion is peaking with internet-based public relations. The rise of online education, shopping and other activities translates into more growth for digital marketing. It scores well because companies can estimate the number of people who receive their advertisement more accurately. Raghu Chaitanya Koorella, head of Marketing at MedPlusBeauty, a site catering to beauty and personal care, says, \"Considering we have an e-commerce website, online advertising is a must for us. Customers don't go to a website immediately after seeing a billboard or hearing an ad on radio. When we advertise online, our customer is just a click away from us as opposed to traditional marketing means.\" Rajesh Iyer, chief marketing officer at Pepperfry, a site dedicated to changing the relation between people and lifestyle, shares a similar view, \"If there is a great offer, consumers can instantly click on the advertisement, land on your website and complete the transaction. It is a lot more efficient than traditional advertising.\"School look-out IIMs Indian Institute of Mass Communication, Delhi Institute of Direct and Digital Marketing, UK(Indicative) Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14420988", "title": "Rights groups flay cops for arming villagers", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Several human rights groups have criticized the Seraikela-Kharswan police for giving traditional arms to vigilant outfit Dalma Anchalik Suraksha Samity (DASS), which is active in the Dalma hills of the district, apprehending that the trend will fuel violence in the region and the vigilant group volunteers will have to fend for themselves once they pick up arms against Maoists.\"We have seen the unpleasant example of Lango village incident in Dumaria block of East Singhbhum district in which six People's War cadres were hacked to death by villagers in 2003 and its subsequent fallout in the killing of the armed volunteers of the vigilant group Nagrik Suraksha Samity by the rebels,\" said Nishant Akhilesh, a senior member of the People's Union for Civil Liberties. Condemning the action of the Seraikela police for what he described as \"criminal conduct\", the rights activist said fighting rebels was the police's job and not the vigilant groups'.A senior member of the Jharkhand Human Rights Conference said, \"By giving bows and arrows to the vigilant group, police are delegating their job of ensuring security and maintaining law and order to the unauthorized and unaccountable vigilant group. This is absolutely inappropriate.\"Saraikela police, however, say there is nothing in arming villagers with traditional arms. \"This has been a part of the state policy for the past few years. The nitty-gritty of community policing is decided by the respective district police depending on the requirements at the ground level. There is nothing wrong in empowering vigilant groups,\" said Seraikela-Kharswan superintendent Upendra Kumar.On Sunday, the SP gave out kits containing bows, 10 arrows, shoes, socks and torches to around 100 DASS members operating in the Dalma hills of Nimdih block. The strategic significance of the Nimdih area, which is close to NH-33 and shares its border with Dalma forest and the Maoist-hit Purulia district of West Bengal , prompted police to arm the villagers. \"We have witnessed repercussions of Salwa Judum in Chhattisgarh and the Lango incident in our own district. The civil society cannot justify empowering villagers with arms in any manner,\" said a senior CRPF official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14421687", "title": "Civic polls: Cases against 23 candidates registered", "text": "KANPUR: The police has registered cases of violation of code of conduct against 23 candidates including BJP's candidate for mayor's seat Jagatveer Singh Drona during their election campaign.Nodal officer, Ajay Kumar Sahani informed that cases had been registered at different police stations. Govind nagar police has registered a case against two persons including Congress candidate Pawan Gupta for violating provisions of section 144 crpc. He apprised that independent and party candidates along with their supporters were named in all 12 cases of violation of code of conduct.The police has issued red card to 500 mighty persons who could create trouble during the polling.Sahani informed that police had warned them to deal with these persons strictly if they were found involved in any trouble. Police teams were keeping a track of their activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418540", "title": "'Bol Bachchan' final hearing on Thu", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur District and Sessions has reserved the case regarding the release of 'Bol Bachchan' for final hearing for Thursday. Principal judge Subash Mohod took this decision after hearing both the sides on Tuesday.Heera Laxmi Amusements (HLA), film distribution company owned by Appu Wadhwani from city, had entered into an agreement in October last year with the film's producers for exclusive rights to distribute the movie throughout the country. But rather than completing the formalities, the producers sent a new draft agreement which 'was inconsistent and contrary to the terms and conditions agreed' upon between the two parties, according to Wadhwani.Wadhwani claims to have paid Rs 1.10 crore as deposit to the producers for distribution rights for the film. He approached the judiciary to get his amount back. He has alleged that the producers did not complete formalities and instead they sent an e-mail asking for terms which did not match with their previous agreement. He accused them of 'contracting' with a third party without communicating the same to HLA.Earlier, on Monday, the intervention plea which was submitted by Fox Star Studios has been denied by the court and they have been directed to file a separate case if they want their side to be heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14418752", "title": "Spell out stand on ghats report: High Court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC directed the Centre to specifically spell out what it plans to do about the state government's suggestions on the Gadgil report on the Western Ghats corridor. Justice D D Sinha and Justice V KTahilramani were hearing a PIL for declaring the 22-km stretch of the Sawantwadi-Dodamarg corridor as an ecologically sensitive area. The next hearing will be on July 17.The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel, headed by ecologist Madhav Gadgil recommended that Western Ghats be declared ecologically-sensitive and also a complete ban on mining leases.MoEF 's advocate Naveena Kumar told court that it the Centre would require further four months to take a decision on the report as it involves six states of Maharashtra, Gujarat, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu through the Western Ghats run. She said Tamil Nadu and Karnataka are yet to responded with their suggestions on the report.This is a sensitive issue. Central government must insist upon these states to forward their recommendations,'' said Justice Sinha. The judges, in their order, directed the Central government to accelerate the process of receiving suggestions on the report from states which have not sent themAwaaz's advocate Mohana Nair submitted that the moratorium by the Centre on new projects including mining in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts was expiring on June 30, 2012. But Kumai informed the government would be extending it by three months.The judges concurred with activist Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz there is no point in waiting for all the states to responded as this petition concern the the wild life corridor in Maharashtra.But counsel Y S Jahagirdar, appearing for an intervenor who has a mining lease, said the Centre cannot take independent decision for Maharashtra . There cannot be different standards for Maharashtra and Gujarat,'' he added. Kumai submitted that Ministry of Environment and Forests will be in a position to take a decision on the Gadgil report only after receiving suggestions from all six states. The judges , however, directed that the Centre an affidavit be filed within three weeks about what Ministry of Environment and Forests has to say on the suggestions by Maharashtra government. The matter will be next heard on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14421526", "title": "\u2018Govt staff must spread awareness\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Zilla panchayat CEO Ajay Nagabhushan has called upon government officials and employees to take the responsibility of spreading awareness about HIV among people. Speaking at the inaugural function of a workshop on prevention of HIV, he laid the onus on officials to educate the public about the cause and effect of HIV.\"HIV patients have to be treated with respect,\" he added.Dr T Raghuram said of the 2,05,336 tested for HIV between 2002 and 2012 in the district, 16,330 were found positive. The city has 26 HIV examination centres, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422228", "title": "Fire incidents up by 20% in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This summer has been literally a season of heat for the firemen of the city. In the past three months, the Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) attended to a call almost everyday. According to AFES officials, there has been an increase of 20% in major fire cases. Most of the cases were reported from industrial areas out of city limits.The cases include two major incidents at Dehgam and Santej where AFES had to work for more than 48 hours. The officials cite several reasons for this.\"There are two categories of fire - general fire and industrial fire. In general fire, we cover smaller incidents at homes and offices and parked vehicles. Industrial fire is bigger in scale and different in nature. In both the categories, we have found overheating and short-circuit as main reasons. Then come human negligence, external heat and leakage of current or faulty connection. Many a times, maintenance and routine checking could have prevented such incidents,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer.According to officials, from March to June 15, they have attended to 102 calls, of which 30% calls were out of Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) limits. AFES is called there because of their expertise and better equipment to tackle such situations.What has prompted such major fires this year? Bhatt says that warehouses have become bigger, production units close-knit and material more inflammable. \"Take an example of Dehgam fire at cold storage. We had to continue cooling the place for two days after a short-circuit ignited fire. The reason was, there was no vent for air to maintain cooler temperatures and thus we had to make vents. There was no firefighting facility as well,\" he said.\"Summer is generally the season where most of the fire cases are reported. Electrical appliances such as air conditioners, coolers and fans are used extensively for longer period of time. This can lead to heating of wiring and, coupled with rising mercury level, it can initiate sparks which can cause fire easily in the dried up surroundings. For industrial machines, it is combination of external and internal heat. If there is no proper ventilation or cooling facilities, it can lead to accidents,\" said an AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14420899", "title": "Residents gherao power office over erratic supply in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Residents under the banner of the Jan Sangharsh Morcha (JSM) on Tuesday gheraoed the office of superintendent engineer of the electricity department Amarnath Mishra for more than four hours demanding adequate power supply in Chas area. Angry over frequent power cuts, the protesters snapped power supply of the Electricity Office.JSM members along with the Bokaro Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Band other local groups later held a Chetavani Sabha in Chas criticizing officials of the electricity, water and other departments for an \"indifferent attitude\" to solve issues faced by the Chas residents.After the agitators returned from the electricity office, police held negotiations with Mishra who assured improvement. Mishra, however, showed his helplessness to the agitators saying that they were receiving insufficient power from the Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC). \"Against the requirement of 40 MW, we are receiving 27 MW from the DVC besides unscheduled power cut also done by them,\" said Mishra.JSM president Rajender Mahto said the Chas residents faced six major problems include inadequate supply of water and power, incomplete Garga Bridge, lack of cleanliness in localities etc. They are demanding solution for all this.However, BCCI vice-president Sanjay Vaid said Chas is the main business place of the town but the traders, shop keepers, businessmen were unhappy because of power and water crisis. \"It has affected our business.\"Chas residents are up in arms against state government due to acute power and water crisis and other basic amenities. The entire 56 panchayats in Chas subdivision is facing the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422210", "title": "Demand spikes for smaller apartments", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bigger is no longer better. Cash-strapped buyers in Ahmedabad seem to have renewed the market for one and two bedroom apartments.A stagnant market and high interest rates on home loans is making developers take serious interest in planning small-sized residential projects, rather than luxurious projects.Neeraj Tomar, head of Ahmedabad operations at Jones Lang LaSalle , said: \"Real estate prices have soared beyond the budget of many buyers. So, builders have reduced the size of the apartments.\"Developers are focusing on smaller, well-designed apartments to cater to the rising demand, mostly from first home-buyers. \"Most of these buyers are under the age of 30 years, who are buying a house for the first home. Such schemes have come up in the industrial areas of Sanand, Vatva and other places in and around the city. There is a lot of sentiment attached to real estate as property gives appreciation. So, there are a set of young investors, who are counting on such schemes,\" Tomar added.According to Mihir Desai, a builder who will launch his one and two bedroom project near Gota in July first week, the trend has caught up because the spending capacity of people has not grown as fast as the market since 2010.\"Most builders were launching three bedroom projects after 2010. But developers are now taking note of the fact that there is a growing segment of buyers for smaller apartments through the salaried and newly-married. Besides, investors are wary of the present market conditions so such schemes are being launched keeping the end-users in mind,\" said Desai.Apartment sizes are shrinking with developers focusing on making the dream of owning a home true. Parag Gathani, partner, Re/Max-Gujarat and Maharashtra, said: \"Until about a year ago, most could not afford to buy a house in Ahmedabad as the schemes were grand and the prices had skyrocketed. However, a huge amount of the population, whose income has grown in the last two years, can now look forward to owning a home.\"The super built-up area of an average two-bedroom apartment is sized in the range of 950 square feet and 1,350 square feet while a one-bedroom apartment is available in the size range of 630 square feet to 850 square feet. \"A one-bedroom house is available in the range of Rs 9 lakh and Rs 18 lakh while a two- bedroom house starts at around Rs 18 lakh and can be bought for under Rs 35 lakh,\" added Gathani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419966", "title": "Allegations against our report baseless: Western Ghat ecology expert panel chief", "text": "PUNE: Ecologist and chairman of the Western Ghat Ecology Expert Panel Madhav Gadgil said the 'Western Ghat Ecology Expert Report' is comprehensive and balanced and that allegations made against it are wrong and baseless.The panel has conducted wide ranging interactions with scientific and technical experts, fishermen, farm labourers, forest dwellers, orchard owners, members of gram panchayats, Members of Parliament, non-governmental organisations and Indian Administrative Service officers.He said the report lists names of 80 experts who were invited to write commissioned papers and 44 of them are experts in biodiversity, while others are experts in a variety of other fields.Gadgil has clarified these points following charges made by C P Vibhute, a Pune-based environmental consultant for industries. Vibhute has said that the report is incomplete, erroneous and technically faulty. Gadgil said the allegations made are wrong and baseless. In fact, Gadgil and other members of the panel have prepared a point-by-point rebuttal of objections raised, which has been released by Gadgil on behalf of the panel.The panel was constituted by the ministry of environment and forests to demarcate ecologically sensitive areas in the Western Ghats for conservation and protection. The Panel was told to give suggestions on development of mining and power plants in the region as well as give a report on polluting industries in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts. The ministry has invited comments and views from stakeholders.Gadgil pointed out that a number of baseless allegations have been made against the report and those who have raised them have apparently failed to grasp much of what has been said in the report. \"I have prepared a detailed rebuttal that is available on the web at http://wp.me/pzBjo-M6,'' he said.When asked about the objection raised that the report lacks opinions of experts who have studied biodiversity, Gadgil said the panel has created a website and comments and views posted by a large numbers of experts on this website run into thousands of pages. Besides, the panel members themselves are some of the best recognised experts on biodiversity. Several of the panel members have been involved in a variety of environmental impact assessments over the years.On the allegation that construction of new dams in eco-sensitive zone I was prohibited in the report which would eventually prevent green and cheap hydraulic power generation stations from coming up, Gadgil said that what was proposed was only provisional boundaries to serve as a basis of informed deliberations through an inclusive process reaching down to all gram sabhas or ward sabhas throughout the Western Ghats region.The panel's proposals are being wrongly portrayed as \"conservation by imposition\" as if they have prescribed rigid boundaries for the Western Ghats, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14418544", "title": "Cops clueless on security to Gadchiroli local body leaders", "text": "NAGPUR: Reports of union home minister P Chidambaram urging Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to beef up security of local body members in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli have left senior police officials baffled. It is learnt that no such official communication has yet reached them.There is high speculation about state government's reaction to a series of resignations by members of local bodies in villages of Gadchiroli and Gondia apparently on the direction of Naxalites. After several members of Zilla Parishad and panchayat samitis put in their papers, union home minister P Chidambaram is reported to have called up state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and asked him to nullify the rebels' arm-twisting tactics.Ravindra Kadam, deputy inspector general of police for Naxal range of Gadchiroli and Gondia, said that his office had so far received no communication regarding providing security to such leaders either from the state government or director general of police office. Kadam, also holding the charge of the state Anti-Naxal Operation cell, said no such communication had reached superintendent of police, Gadchiroli. \"We came across a media report regarding such communication between centre and state but nothing has come to us. Decision would be taken only after instructions reach us,\" he said. \"Members of the legislative assembly in Gadchiroli have been provided routine guard at their residences and the security varies as per their itineraries and destinations while travelling,\" said Kadam.In Gadchiroli, more than 71 elected representatives have resigned after Naxal started abducting and eliminating many of them. The zilla parishad and panchayat samiti bodies at Bhamragarh and Etapalli were rendered dysfunctional after their elected representatives quit during this phase. It was probably for the first time that the state's most affected district was facing such a situation.State home and guardian minister of Gadchiroli RR Patil had tried to counter the pressure by declaring that no resignation would be accepted as they were submitted clearly under Naxal threat. Several village sarpanches and their deputies too had been targeted. Many resigned following the threats. Some were killed too by the rebels. The Naxals also targeted the members of village tanta-mukti committees. Apart from the representatives elected in February, Naxals also abducted or killed several former members charging them with corruption. Several top local politicians were also murdered by Naxals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14426472", "title": "Odissi and Bharata Natyam at 10th Ekamra Nrutya Mahotsav", "text": "The Odissi and Bharata Natyam performances at the first day of the 10th Ekamra Nrutya Mahotsav charmed the audience. The main attraction of the evening was actor Archita Sahu's Odissi performance.\"It was a great pleasure to perform here. I hope the audience liked my show. I started learning Odissi when I was in school. After I became an actor, dancing took a backseat. But now, with my exams a month away, I've time at my disposal to practice dance,\" said the actor.Since people don't always get the chance of watching their matinee idols perform classical dance on stage, Archita's show came as a pleasant surprise. \"I didn't know Archita is an Odissi dancer. It's very commendable on her part to continue dancing despite being an actor,\" said Chintamani Senapati from the audience.Apart from Archita, dance exponents Geetanjali Acharya and Ragini Chander Shekar also performed Odissi and Bharata Natyam respectively. \"Odisha is culturally very alive and performing here was a nice experience for me. Though people here prefer to watch Odissi, they love and respect other dance forms like Bharata Natyam, Kathak and Kuchipudi,\" said Ragini.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14421605", "title": "Men with muscles are sexist: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Men obsessed with muscle building are more likely to objectify women and have sexist attitude towards them, a new study led by an Indian-origin researcher has claimed.This sexism and objectification by men can lead to a more negative body image for women and can hinder them at workplace, said Dr Viren Swami, who led the study at the University of Westminster in the UK.\"We have previously found that men who hold stronger oppressive beliefs are more likely to think that thinner women are attractive ,\" Prof Swami told Live-Science. Not only does this perception impact women, \"but we're also arguing that those oppressive beliefs directed at women also have an impact on men's own body images, specifically their drive for muscularity ,\" Swami said. The study proved that men who showed more interest in being muscular score higher on sexist beliefs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14421081", "title": "ADGP's 'uninformed' visit irks forest staff", "text": "MYSORE: A senior IPS officer's visit to Nagarahole National Park late in the evening on Monday without informing the forest department, has led to an argument at the tiger reserve.Following a scheduled visit by the legislative committee on SC and ST welfare,Nagarahole National Park KSN Chikkerur and PCCF (wildlife) Dipak Sarmah, along with a host of officials, were at HD Kote. But the visit of the panel got cancelled and ADGP Chikkerur reportedly entered the tiger reserve's core area in DB Kuppe range without informing the forest department. A source said the PCCF at Dammanakatte Gate questioned Chikkerur when he came out of the core area at 7.30pm. The argument of the forest officials was that the IPS officer had not kept them informed about his visit to the forest area in the national park.When contacted, Chikkerur said: \"Following a complaint, I'd visited Kaimara in the forest area. But since it was dark, I got back. When the PCCF questioned me, I told him that I was on official duty. But he persisted with his questioning leading to an argument. I told them I'll keep them informed henceforth.\"Quoting Wildlife Protection Act (1976), Chikkerur said the CRE cell staff above the rank of sub-inspector can enter the national park while on duty. \"Our concern is tribal rights and the tribals' well-being,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14421802", "title": "Raid in Madurai Adheenam, no seizures", "text": "MADURAI: Self-styled godman Nithyananda's cup of woes appear to overflow as police raided the premises of the ancient Madurai Adheenam on Tuesday searching for tiger skins and elephant tusks.This is the second raid at the adheenam premises - a revered Saivite mutt - ever since Nithyananda was anointed as the 293rd pontiff by the senior pontiff Arunangirinatha Desikar on April 29. On May 5, the Income Tax department raided the mutt.A team of police personnel, accompanied by a village administrative officer (VAO) and two private witnesses entered the premises of the adheenam in the busy South Avani Moola Street around noon and raided the mutt for about three hours. However, police said that they could not seize any incriminating material.\"The raid was based on the complaint registered against Nithyananda under the Wildlife Protection Act. But we could not find any tiger skins or elephant tusks,\" said Vilakuthoon inspector Kathirvel, who headed the raid team.The case was registered against Nithyananda in the Vilakuthoon station based on a complaint from M Solaikannan, district president of Hidnu Makkal Katchi, who claimed that he saw tiger skins and elephant skins were used by Nithyananda in the mutt. Solaikannan also alleged that the devotees were being served sedatives in the guise of holy water.\"There were about 20 devotees in the mutt during the raid. They did not object to the raid as we possessed due search orders. We searched each and every room. We also inquired some of the devotees,\" the police official said.The raids come in the wake of a severe opposition from various political parties and religious institutions including other Saivite mutts over the anointment of Nithyananda as the junior pontiff of the age-old Madurai Adheenam. Besides a slew of protests, petitions were also filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, one that even alleged that a precious \"maragatha (sapphire) lingam\" was missing from the mutt. Solaikannan in his petition said that he had visited the mutt few days back when he spotted Nithyananda using tiger skins as his seat. When the case came up for hearing, the police told the court that cases have been registered against Nithyananda under the Wildlife Protection Act.However, forest officials were not part of the raid team. \"We did not receive any complaints in this regard. But we are keenly watching the developments,\" said a forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14420251", "title": "Hawk eye over illegal religious constructions in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: Keeping a strict vigil on illegal construction of religious structures along the border of Jaisalmer district, a team of officers from security agencies headed by the additional district will continuously monitor and demolish such buildings. A ban on such constructions is already in place in rural areas of the district.A decision in this regard was taken during a joint meeting of the district administration and various security agencies held at the collectorate here. The meeting was attended by district collector Shuchi Tyagi and SP Mamta Vishnoi, and discussed issues on maintaining the security arrangement at the border and other areas.Terming the emergence of religious teams and ongoing illegal constructions at the border areas as fatal for law and order situation, the security and intelligence agencies expressed concern over such activities and took a decision to stop them at any cost. The security agencies also expressed concern over getting funds for such constructions.Later, the officials decided to form a joint investigation team for verification of outsiders deployed with the companies involved in exploring oil and gas, wind and solar energy and to check the illegal religious and commercial constructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14421726", "title": "Civic polls: 20.36 lakh voters to decide fate of 1,584 candidates today", "text": "KANPUR: Around 20,36,010 voters comprising 11,04,209 men and 9,31,801 men will decide the fate of 1,584 candidates contesting for the seats of corporators of 110 wards and a mayoral seat in the civic elections in the city on Wednesday.For the mayor's seat, the main contest revolves round the BJP and the Congress but the presence of rebels and Independent candidates may queer the pitch of these two main rivals.BJP, which has bagged the mayor's seat in 2007, is again striving hard to grab it. But the party's base had shrunk here in the recent Assembly elections. The party had won only four out of the 10 seats in the urban and semi-urban pockets of the district. It has also earned the wrath of a section of party leaders over denial of tickets and expulsion of a number of workers. There was criticism within the party about ignoring the candidature of sitting mayor.These elections are crucial for both the BJP and Congress, with the leaders believing that it could be an indicator for what is in store in the general elections scheduled to be held in 2014.BJP has fielded three time MP Jagatveer Singh Drona by ignoring its sitting mayor Ravindra Patni.Drona is pitted against Pawan Gupta of Congress. He was elected to the 10th, 11th and 12th Lok Sabha in 1991, 1996 and 1998.Congress candidate Pawan Gupta had contested 2007 Assembly election from Arya Nagar seat. He is a popular figure among traders and Muslims. If the minority vote bank shifts in his favour, Gupta is likely to give a tough time to other candidates.However, the contest for the mayoral seat is witnessing a rare spectacle of an Independent giving tough time to the candidates of the two leading parties. Substantial influence wielded by Ganesh Tewari makes him a serious contender. Emboldened by its performance in the Assembly elections where it won four seats, Peace Party, has fielded B K Shukla. He is banking mainly on the Brahmin and Muslim voters.Vibha Dubey, an Independent supported by the Samajwadi Party and JS Sachan, an another Independent candidate are the other contenders in the race for being elected as the next first citizen of the city.Congress and BJP have left no stones unturned in wooing the voters by highlighting the developmental works like construction of flyover bridges, installation streetlights, parks, roads, proving drinking water facilities and improving the condition of sewage.As many as 1,558 candidates are in the field hoping to be elected as corporators for 110 wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14419975", "title": "Seven IAS officers join Rajasthan cadre", "text": "JAIPUR: Seven new IAS officers joined the Rajasthan cadre and have been posted as assistant collectors under the district magistrate, in different districts of the state. The appointments will bring some relief as the state is facing paucity of IAS officers.According to the department of personnel (DoP) field posting orders issued on Tuesday, IAS officers Haulianlal Guite will be posted in Udaipur, Shivangi Swarnkar in Jodhpur, Nakate Shivprasad Madan in Bharatpur, Abhimanyu Kumar in Ajmer, Sandesh Nayak in Bikaner, Bhagwati Prasad Kalal in Pali and Anupama Jorwal in Alwar.Currently, there are 141 IAS officers working in the state. Despite the recent appointment of officers, Rajasthan still has 112 vacant IAS positions. Rajasthan ranks fourth in the country facing shortage of bureaucrats. \"The issue has been raised at highest levels and we are constantly pursuing this matter with the Centre. Being the largest state, we were hoping that the Centre will release more officers for the state,\" a source said.DoP also transferred Kumar Pal Gautam (IAS) subdivisonal officer (Alwar) as special officer (DoP-1). Rakesh Srivastav, principal secretary and commissioner, tourism department has been given the additional responsibility of principal secretary, arts and culture department as the current incumbent Gurjot Kaur is away attending the world heritage meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14420783", "title": "Railways beefs up security for Maoist bandh", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The railways has beefed up security and announced a slew of measures to ensure smooth running of the trains in view of the bandh called by the outlawed CPI(Maoist) on Thursday. The rebels have already put up posters at Lotapahar and Derwan railway stations in West Singhbhum district under Chakardharpur railway division.The posters have warned authorities not to undertake work in the various mines located in West Singhbhum district and also alleged the various welfare schemes taken up by the government for the poor were steeped in corruption. The 24-hour bandh gets underway from Tuesday midnight.The divisional railway has constituted joint coordination security teams and deployed CRPF personnel at all important railway stations. This time around the railways is focusing more on area dominance, said an official. \"Not only the government railway police and railway protection force personnel have been deployed in adequate strength at strategic locations but CRPF personnel have also been placed at important locations,\" said Chakradharpur RPF commandant, A K Chaurasiya.Chakradharpur railway has taken the bandh seriously given that May this year Maoists had demonstrated their might detaining the Tata-Bilaspur train at Posoaita railway station for nearly 30 minutes. The rebels had also tied a crude bomb to the train engine forcing the authorities to suspend its journey at the Manoharpur railway station.Given that the Howrah-Mumbai main route witnesses rush of long-distance trains throughout 24 hours, the railway security establishment has decided not to overlook the possibility of security threats to the railways.\"The long-distance passenger trains will run as usual but their speed will be moderate and all superfast and express trains will be escorted by pilot trains,\" said a railway official in the divisional office.The Howrah-Mumbai Gitanjali express, Howrah-Kurla Express, Howrah-Mumbai Mail, Howrah-Ahmedabad express, Howrah-Pune Azad Hind Express, Howrah-Mumbai Jnaneswari Express and Tata-Alleppey Express are among the few important trains that run via Tata-Chakradharpur-Manoharpur-Rourkela route.The rebels have called for one-day bandh in protest against alleged irregularities in the mining sector in the state and against rampant corruption in the welfare schemes of the economically deprived sections, among others reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "14422626", "title": "Disabled athletics champ raped by auto driver", "text": "MALDA: A national champion, hailed as a 'pride of Bengal' , was kidnapped by an autorickshaw driver, who took advantage of her speech and hearing disability to lock her up in a room and rape her all of Sunday night. The victim escaped at dawn and wandered about in a state of shock before a policeman handed her a pen and paper to write down her ordeal. She is the reigning champion in 200-metres sprint and has won several medals for the state in disabled athletics. She was also feted as a role model for the state by the governor last year. It is yet another shameful incident for Bengal after the Park Street rape and the rape of a homemaker by a Kolkata taxi driver.Unable to scream for help, the 25-year-old was helpless as the auto driver drove her to a mango orchard instead of taking her to her home and allegedly raped her there. He then dragged her to his home and raped her repeatedly through the night. The prime suspect, Ranjit Das, was arrested within hours and is now in jail custody.Police say the girl took an auto from Raiganj to her village, Islampore, around 14km away, on Sunday afternoon. On arriving there, she found she did not have the change to pay the fare. Unable to explain herself clearly , she could not get out of a quarrel with the auto-driver . Ranjit, who was hanging around the auto stand, realized the girl's disabilities and posed as her saviour . He sorted out the dispute and offered to drop her home, but took her to his village, Baruipur , instead.The victim is the reigning champion in 200-metre sprint at the national games for the disabled and has won several medals for the state She was feted as a \"role model for the state\" by the governor last year Her attacker exploited her disabilities to drag her to his village and rape her through the nightShe broke out of his clutches at dawn and wandered aimlessly for hours before some neighbours spotted her. She looked traumatized but could not explain why she was in that state. Thankfully, someone called police. When Hemtabad OC Abhijit Dutta realized that it was the champion athlete, he personally rushed to her and escorted her to the police station . She wrote down details of the incident. \"Based on her written complaint we raided Ranjit's house and arrested him. The victim was sent to Raiganj hospital for medical tests, which have corroborated her statement,\" Dutta said. Ranjit was produced in court on Tuesday and remanded in jail.Last year, the athlete was honoured by the state government as a 'role model' . \"She is our pride. We will do everything we can to help her fight against the odds,\" said Hemtabad block development officer Subhrajit Gupta.She is from a very poor family and was fostered in a social welfare home till the age of 18. It was there that her talent for athletics was discovered and she was encouraged to take part in district-level competitions . Soon, she was winning medals at the state level and was chosen to represent Bengal in the national games for the disabled. She is hoping to take the Madhyamik next year. West Bengal Pratibandhi Sammilani general secretary Kanti Ganguly, a former Left Front minister, alleged that the local police had \"come under pressure from several quarters in this case\" . \"However , the officer in charge of Hemtabad took the right step,\" Ganguly said, demanding exemplary punishment for the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14419219", "title": "How touts monopolise railway tickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI highlighted how the demand-supply gap has made the system dependent on touts, it will now decode the pyramid structure in which they operate.According to sources, the base is constituted of 'field officials' or agents who lookout for 'vulnerable' passengers. The travel agent who notes down your travel details forms the second tier. The third tier is of ticketing officials in railways who confirm these tickets into berths.The layer above them are the GRP and the RPF who allow these touts a free run inside and outside station premises to carry on with their \"job\". The final and the most important level consists of railway officers and office staff whose names are often dropped before the booking clerks to confirm wait-listed Tatkal tickets.The \"safest\" way that a tout can confirm a ticket, says a railway officer, is to buy one from a counter when it goes \"live\" on the web a day before the journey. \"Most of the touts block queues in the morning and push their own men before the counters. Many others manage to enter the offices of these clerks by bribing the booking clerk and RPF and GRP. While the clerk is paid for each ticket, the security agencies have a monthly setup,\" he said.During peak season, touts buy tickets before hand in anticipation of a rush. Since the names in which these tickets are booked are fictitious, the agents use only a first alphabet and choose the surnames depending on where the train is headed to. For example a train ticket to Kolkata will be booked as R Chattarjee while one to Patna will be booked as R Jha. Since male passengers travel the most, you will hardly find the gender marked as female.It is a different case when berths are wanted by more than one person on Tatkal quota. Only a VIP nod can confirm over two tickets. \"Senior railway officers are either directly bribed or their office staff is taken into confidence to confirm such tickets,\" said an railway officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14420474", "title": "Jundal handover an example of growing India, Saudi ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The unspoken element in the Abu Jundal arrest saga is the distance India and Saudi Arabia have travelled together in the field of security and intelligence cooperation, that the desert kingdom even delivered a body blow to its closest international ally, Pakistan.Abu Jundal is not any old terrorist, but the closest India has yet got to the mastermind of 26/11 Hafiz Saeed and Pakistan's ISI. David Headley was involved in the recce, but Jundal was there in the control room, directing the attackers. This makes him way more valuable to India.Its clear that the voice intercepts that led to Abu Jundal came from the US counter-terrorism authorities, and subsequently there would have been some persuasion of the Saudis by the US. What is interesting is why the Saudis agreed to give up somebody from Lashkar-e-Taiba which is almost a fully owned subsidiary of the ISI.How has the India-Saudi relationship evolved? In 2006, the Saudi king Abdullah visited India after almost half a century which opened the gates to a completely new recrafting of the bilateral relationship. That began India's new and improved relationship with Riyadh. It would never have happened without substantial prodding from Washington, but Riyadh has traditionally played on the Pakistani side of the field.Just in the past couple of years, the landscape has changed significantly, helped by high-level interactions from India including a visit by PM Manmohan Singh as well as a February 2012 visit by defence minister AK Antony.After the 9/11 attacks, the Saudi royalty moved from initially accusing the Jews of being responsible to a grudging acceptance of Al Qaida infiltration in the kingdom -- 15 of the 19 attackers were Saudi. From the 2004 Riyadh attacks, it was the late Crown Prince Nayef who directed the kingdom's campaign against Al Qaida. This resolve was strengthened after the assassination attempt on Saudi Arabia's deputy minister for internal security Mohammed bin Nayef in August 2009.The Saudi royalty has traditionally had an uneasy relationship with Wahhabi Islamists but has been resolutely opposed to Al Qaida, since Osama bin Laden and his band of followers declared war on the House of Saud. It was natural therefore to infer that Lashkar-e-Taiba, the only Salafi terror group in Pakistan, would find tacit acceptance in the kingdom.Two things changed that perception -- first, the US' determination of LeT being as dangerous, if not more, than Al Qaida. Second, the increasing closeness and interoperability between LeT and Al Qaida.On a bigger canvas, Pakistan, as Saudi Arabia's closest ally, took a hit after the killing of Osama inside Pakistan. In addition, Pakistan's clear support to the Afghan Taliban was hurting US interests in Afghanistan . The resultant US pressure on Saudi to lean on Pakistan put creases in the otherwise smooth ties.On larger geopolitical concerns, Saudi Arabia is looking at a world where its principal backer, US, has turned into a net exporter of energy. Coupled with a perceived decline in global influence, the US could, in the foreseeable future, disengage from the Middle East.For Saudi Arabia, dependent on oil sales, the biggest consumers on the horizon are India and China. In the past few years, Saudi Arabia has weaned India off Iranian oil, successfully replacing Iran as India's largest supplier. For this to continue, Saudi Arabia cannot be seen as a country which panders to Pakistan's destructive policies.However, as a cautionary note, one should not conclude that Pakistan-Saudi ties are in trouble. If Iran goes nuclear, the Pakistan-Saudi axis will be strengthened immediately, especially if Saudi Arabia cashes in on its widely speculated nuclear IOU with Pakistan. That could change everything all over again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419748", "title": "PMC okays Rs 1.68 crore for fire system", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) building in Shivajinagar is expected to get a comprehensive fire fighting system with the civic standing committee on Tuesday approving Rs 1.68 crore for the proposal.The civic body's main office houses over 20 departments and is visited by about 10,000 people every day. Yet only 160 fire extinguishers have been deemed adequate to fight any incident. Just like the Mantralaya where a major fire broke out on June 21, there are thousands of files and documents that need to be kept safe, hence the need to have a comprehensive fire fighting system.\"The fire-fighting system that we hope to acquire is designed to make the building safe from any incidence of fire. The standing committee gave a green signal to spend Rs 1.68 crore to acquire such a system,\" said Shreenath Bhimale, a member of the standing committee, at a news conference on Tuesday.The system will include procurement and installation of fire-fighting equipment such as sprinklers, water storage systems, smoke detectors and fire-fighting hydrants.The PMC's main building is one of the busiest administrative premises in the city. There are over 20 important departments where around 2,500 employees work. These departments include building, road, water, tax, land records, audit and accounting.The standing committee also gave permission to make fire audits of all PMC owned buildings. Manisha Ghate, another standing committee member, said permission has been given to pay nearly Rs 41 crore for acquiring land for various purposes in the city. Land will be acquired for ten different projects. The money earmarked will be given to the state government which will acquire the land needed by the civic body.Other projects approved included a leachate processing unit at Urali Phursungi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14422207", "title": "Experts to discuss new tech that can preserve old classical music gems", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an effort to preserve century-old recordings of live classical music performances, Saptak Archives has convened the first ever national music conference in the city on June 27. As many as 16 musicologists from Mumbai, Delhi and other cities will discuss new ways of preserving recordings at the conference.Praful Anubhai of Saptak, said, \"We plan to combine various expertise and strengths and exchange information about techniques. The databases that musicologists have with them will be merged into a single source making it a national collection of 100-year-old performances.\" The conference will be unique because government authorities and technology experts will attend it to help in the preservation effort.Experts from Sangeet Natak Academy, New Delhi have also been invited. In three sessions new techniques to preserve and digitize music will be discussed. \"We will look at ways to disseminate the entire collection and issues of copyright,\" Anubhai said. With this, rare recordings would be available too more music lovers.Another much-needed feature Saptak has tried to incorporate in the archives is profiles of performers, details of ragas rendered, history of music lineage the artists belong to and details of performances with names of accompanists, place and year. With a few clicks, listeners would not only relive decades-old concerts but also get additional information.Saptak Archives started the first ever digitalized classical music library in the state in December last year. The library, which contains more than 15,000 recordings, has many hidden gems including the renditions of Mongubai Kurdiker, an undiscovered music maestro and mother of renowned vocalist Kishori Amonkar. Her renditions are seldom available on the shelves of music stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14419944", "title": "'Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation releasing untreated sewage into Indrayani river'", "text": "PUNE: The Indrayani Bachav Kruti Samiti, a group working for protection of rivers, has alleged that the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) is releasing untreated sewage into the Indrayani river.The samiti has warned that warkaris (pilgrims) will stage an agitation in Pimpri-Chinchwad next month if steps are not taken to curb the pollution of the river. However, civic officials have refuted the allegations.Convener of the samiti Vikas Patil said that around 250 MLD of untreated sewage water is released in the Indrayani river. \"We will hold discussions with the municipal commissioner on this subject. If needed, we will lodge a criminal case against the civic officials concerned,\" he said. Patil said a sewage treatment plant (STP) located at Chikhli is the only sewage treatment facility available for the fringe village areas. Of the two units at Chikhli, one is closed. As a result, sewage is released untreated in sector 20 along the Spine road into the Indrayani river. \"There is a stench in the surrounding areas. We request the municipal commissioner to personally inspect the river and take action to control the pollution.\"When contacted, Ayubkhan Pathan, executive engineer, drainage department, PCMC, said, \"The civic body currently treats 210 MLD sewage, out of the 264 MLD sewage generated within the municipal limits. So the allegation of the civic body releasing 250 MLD untreated sewage into the Indrayani river is false.\"About the closure of one unit at Chikhli, Pathan said, \"There are two plants with a capacity of 16 MLD each at Chikhli. The sewage from Rupeenagar, G block of Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation, Morevasti and Chikhli is treated at these STPs. These plants are around 30 years old so one of them is closed.\"He further said, \"We are considering the options of whether to change the old machinery at the STP or augment the capacity by building a new plant. We have the diverted the sewage from the closed unit to the Akurdi STP where it is treated and then released into the river.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14420819", "title": "Doctors contract extended till March", "text": "RANCHI: Unable to recruit permanent doctors and paramedical staff, the state government on Tuesday decided to give extension to the existing ones, who are working on contract, till March 31, 2013.According to Medical Council of India (MCI) rules, doctors and Grade A paramedical staff members should be recruited on permanent basis and not on contract. The MCI and the judiciary had on several occasions objected the state government's decision to appoint doctors and paramedical employees on contract, prompting the state health department to appoint them on permanent basis through a recruitment test by the public service commission .State cabinet secretary N N Pandey said the contract extension proposal of the health department was approved by the cabinet.Sources in the health department said around 400 doctors were to be appointed through Jharkhand Public Service Commission. The decision was approved last year by the cabinet. \"In the past one year, the commission could not complete the process and cabinet had to approve the proposal for extension otherwise health services could be paralyzed,\" said a source.The cabinet also approved a proposal of the science and technology department to run three engineering colleges at Ramgarh, Chaibasa and Dumka and a polytechnic at Sili on private public partnership (PPP) mode. \"The institution which will run the colleges will have to reserve 75% seats for students from Jharkhand. The remaining seat will be for students from other states of the country,\" said Pandey. The council of ministers gave its consent to the proposal for running industrial training institutes ( ITI ) with the help of private companies. Fifty per cent of the seats will be filled through combined entrance test. The remaining seats will be filled by the management.\"The company which will take over the management of the ITIs will have to arrange all equipment and will get it on lease for 30 years. The company can get the lease extended by another 30 years on mutual consent,\" said Pandey.The cabinet also approved imposition of 100% tax on retail sale of liquor over the quota allotted to them. Dearness allowance of employees by 12% but only those employees will benefit who are taking salaries on basis of old pay scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14421886", "title": "Senior inspector suspended in illegal assets case", "text": "MUMBAI: Rajesh Dhanawade, senior inspector of the JJ Marg police station against whom the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) registered a disproportionate assets case early this month, was suspended by police commissioner Arup Patnaik on Monday.Patnaik suspended Dhaawade after learning from TOI's May 24 report regarding the ACB registering a DPA case against Dhanawade. He was transferred within four months after he took charge of the police station.Dhanawade, who doubled as a builder, first come under the scanner in 2006, when he was an inspector, after a sting operation showed that he was claiming to be the owner of a real estate firm, Dhanawade Associates , which was building three residential towers in Worli. In the sting, Dhanawade was seen sitting in his private office in Worli and selling the flats. Dhanawade said, \"I will just say I am innocent. I cannot comment more than this as I am in a disciplined force.''Following the sting operation , the then DGP, P S Pasricha , had ordered the ACB to conduct an inquiry and submit a report in three months. Sources said the ACB had initiated a confidential inquiry\u2014e-ven before the sting operation was conducted\u2014on receiving complaints that the officer had disproportionate assets. \"The investigation was delayed as Dhanawade refused to cooperate and never turned up for the inquiry,'' said an official.Dhanawade reportedly told the sleuths that he was just helping his two brothers Kamlakar and Vijay in their construction business. But the ACB probe showed that the two brothers did odd jobs and Dhanawade misused his position and allegedly amassed wealth. Some of Dhanawade's assets found by the ACB included a flat in Mariamma Nagar in Worli, another flat in Omkar Housing Society in Borivli, 6 acres of agricultural land in Karjat, 5.5 acres of private land in Karjat, two four-wheelers and a flat in his wife Amita's name in Narayan Pujari Nagar , Worli.Times ViewT he recent incidents of officers, who have been implicated in serious cases, do nothing for Mumbai Police's image. Allegations of senior officers using serial killers as informers have preceded the rash of corruption cases; there are so many that you cannot be faulted if you think that a section of officers has joined the force to make money, by hook or by crook. Setting its own house in order, which senior cops say they have been trying to do, and bringing crime down should be the priority; trying to measure the area of a dance floor and dividing that by the number of dancers is definitely not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14419318", "title": "Reginaldo urges CM to reply to UK advisory", "text": "PANAJI: Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco lashed out at the government saying that the UK government has spoken loud and clear about the law and order situation in its advisory to tourists visiting the state.Referring to the TOI report on the UK advisory to its tourists visiting India including Goa, Reginaldo said that people of Goa are deeply worried about the impact of the advisory. Stating that large number of Goans are dependent on tourism, he said that things would be worse if the Manohar Parrikar-government allows Shri Ram Sena and other such organizations to take root in Goa.The Congress MLA who is the only vocal opposition MLA in the last few months said that the recent announcement of Pramod Muthalik declaring plans to open branches in Goa seemed to be timed to stir mischief at the beginning of the next tourism season.He said he has sent a letter to the Union tourism minister to take up the matter with the British high commission on the advisory which he feels will spell doom for the state.\"The CM's silence on issues like law and order, tourism and casinos among others is baffling,\" Reginaldo said, pointing out that the government should come out with a statement against Shri Ram Sena in Goa.The UK high commission in India has warned Britons visiting Goa about crime and detailed a new modus operandi, where \"the perpetrators approach on two-wheelers with headlights on full-beam to blind their victims, snatch the bags and speed off\". The advisory especially warns female tourists against sexual offences in Goa, along with New Delhi and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14422164", "title": "Young, old take wok with Thai cuisine", "text": "CHENNAI: The aroma of fried garlic, fiery chillies and freshly crushed basil filled the air at Lotus, the restaurant at The Park, on Tuesday.\"The cooking time is short for Thai cuisine but it usually takes a long time to get the ingredients together,\" said Chef Rajesh, the hotel's food production director. At centre stage manning the wok was the Chef de Cuisine of Lotus, Chamlong. A native of Thailand, he brought in a note of authenticity to the cookery session organised as part of the Times Chennai Festival.Chef Chamlong demonstrated three signature dishes with all the ease of a professional. Starting with a hot and sweet raw papaya salad (som tum), he followed it up with minced chicken stir fried with chillies and basil (kai phad krapaw). For vegetarians, he demonstrated a colourful dish of spring vegetables with Thai red chilli and holy basil (phat phak krapaw).After every dish was cooked, it was passed around for the audience to sample and the forum was thrown open for questions. \"We thought of teaching the most loved dishes of Lotus as they are easy to make and the ingredients are readily available in the market,\" said Chef Rajesh, who looked exhausted but happy after the session.With specialty restaurants mushrooming, Thai food has a growing set of loyalists in the city. That was evident at the event as the room was filled to capacity with homemakers as well as young boys and girls eager to take up cooking as a career.\"It is extremely useful as we get lessons from star chefs and you can learn a lot,\" said Ram Kumar, an 18-year-old engineering student who attended the event with his mother.Shobha Gwalani, proprietor of a restaurant in Abhirampuram, was impressed by Chef Chamlong's tips. \"The dishes are very basic but the tips from an authentic Thai chef are priceless. I didn't know holy basil is tulsi,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14422493", "title": "Reinvestigation holds sub-inspector Bhullar guilty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around year-long reinvestigation into a fatal road accident has nailed the biased and skin-saving investigation of Chandigarh Police and held tainted sub-inspector (SI) Jaspal Singh Bhullar responsible for rash and negligent driving causing death.The reinvestigation - conducted by a SIT of Haryana crime branch - also established that while misusing his power being an in charge of police post 22, SI Bhullar managed to lodge an FIR against deceased Gagandeep Singh and a pillion rider Mandeep Singh.The reinvestigation also found that initial inquiry officer SI Ram Parkash to also acted under the influence of SI Bhullar and the second inquiry officer, Inspector Kuldeep Singh, also did not conduct investigation properly.The incident took place when a Santro car being driven by SI Bhullar rammed into the motorcycle of Gagadeep at the traffic light point near Kiran Theatre in Sector 22 in June 2009. Mandeep Singh, who was pillion riding, received injuries on his both the legs.Gagandeep, a resident of Moga district in Punjab, had succumbed to his injuries in PGI two days after the incident on June 29, 2009. Meanwhile, instead of taking any action against Jaspal, Chandigarh Police had lodged an FIR against Gagandeep and Mandeep at police station Sector 17. Meanwhile, Balwinder Singh, father of deceased, had approached Punjab and Haryana high court seeking reinvestigation in the case from CBI or any other state police in February, 2011. The high court directed DGP, Haryana police, to form a special investigation team (SIT) on July 13, 2011.The reinvestigation was conducted by IG (crime), Haryana, Alok Roy and a report has been submitted in Punjab and Haryana high court recently.The inquiry report, a copy of which is in possession of TOI, revealed that all mechanical and forensic reports of FSL, Madhuban, and CFSL-36 have established that it was the Santro of Bhullar, which was rammed into the motorcycle of Gagandeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14422325", "title": "BEST to cut power in buildings at fire risk", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (BEST) Undertaking has decided to check electricity distribution pillars (EDPs) and buildings' meter junction rooms in the B and C wards in south Mumbai. If BEST finds a building at high risk, it will cut off its power supply. The decision follows Thursday's Mantralaya blaze.Comprising Mandvi, Umerkhadi, Dongri, Bhuleshwar, Crawford Market and Dhobi Talao, these wards have the maximum short-circuitcaused fires in the city. TOI on Tuesday reported that an RTI query had revealed that areas around Memonwada fire station, which is close to Bhendi Bazaar, are the most vulnerable to fires.Following a demand by committee member Yakub Memon, the BEST administration ordered an inspection of all electrical units in and around buildings barring internal wiring. \"For checking the internal wiring of certain buildings, we will write to the public works department , mentioning the apprehensions raised by our committee member. It is not the job of BEST to inspect wiring in buildings,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta.He said special squads will inspect the EDPs and check if they are above the flood line. \"If this is not the case, we will raise the height of the pillars and ensure that there is no waterlogging around them,\" Gupta said at the meeting.He later told mediapersons that BEST staffers will also inspect meter junction rooms at every building and if \"any risk factor\" was found, BEST would put the respective building off power supply. A source said that after Band C, BEST will conduct checks in other wards as well.The undertaking is serious about fire safety measures. On Tuesday, it cleared proposals for installation, commissioning, testing and annual maintenance of automated firefighting systems at sub-stations and power transformers. \"In the future, we plan to switch over to dry-core transformers, whose core and coils are not immersed in insulating oil, thereby minimizing the risk of fire,\" Gupta said. Regarding the Mantralaya fire, he said the building's power supply was stopped within five to seven minutes of the blaze erupting. \"We restored power only on Friday night. By Monday morning, we had provided power to the lower floors of the building.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14420942", "title": "Russian not raped, confirms medical report", "text": "PANIPAT: Medical examination done on the Russian girl, Erina, who had accused a Karnal businessman of raping her, confirmed the allegations to be false. The probe revealed that the two Russian girls, and two cops including a Haryana vigilance inspector tried to extort Rs 1 crore from businessman Kanavdeep Singh.The police booked a youth, Vinod Kumar, cop Jaswant Singh and Russian girls Erina and Nura and arrested them on Sunday. Erina had complained to the police that the businessman had raped her at a local hotel on June 18. After this, Jaswant rang Kanavdeep saying that he could save him from legal action if he paid him Rs 1 crore. Investigating officer Sandeep Singh said cops were carrying out raids in Delhi's Vasant Vihar area to nab Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418664", "title": "Legislative council rejects bill scrapping quota in promotion", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party (SP) government's amendment bill scraping reservation for scheduled castes and tribes (SC/ST) in promotions in the government services was rejected by the state legislative council on Tuesday. The main opposition party Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), which is in majority in the council, voted against the bill describing it anti-dalit.Although development won't have any significant implication, it certainly caused some embarrassment to the government which enjoys a comfortable majority in state Assembly. The government has already pushed the bill through Assembly and as per rules, if state assembly passes it again, it will become a law. The bill will now remain with the select committee for review before being placed in the assembly for approval. This means that the government will have to wait till the next session. Sources said that if required, government will bring another ordinance on the amendment and get the approval of the assembly in the monsoon session to be held in thy next two-three months.The Mayawati government had in 2007 amended the government service rules to provide reservation facility to SC/ST employees/officers in promotions. The aim of Mayawati was to appease dalits, her core vote bank. The bill, incidentally, had not included other backward classes as beneficiaries.However, the amendment was challenged by a section of government officers in the high court which last year scrapped the provision declaring it unconstitutional. The BSP government challenged the order in the Supreme Court which earlier this year upheld the HC order. In the meantime, the BSP government lost the 2012 assembly election and SP came to power with absolute majority. On the directions of Supreme Court, the Akhilesh Yadav government scrapped the provision through an ordinance.The bill was introduced in the ongoing budget session of the 403-member state assembly and passed despite the BSP's opposition. While the SP has 225 members in the state assembly, the BSP has only 80. The bill was also supported by 47 members of the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP). However, in the 100-member legislative council, the BSP is in majority with 62 members. The SP has only 15, BJP nine, Congress two, Rashtriya Lok Dal one, teachers' representatives seven and Independents four.The BSP described the bill and the SP as anti-dalit. Mayawati had already demanded in the Rajya Sabha for amending the Constitution and make necessary provision for quota in promotions. However, SP members said that they would follow the apex court's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14418753", "title": "Uttar Pradesh looking for a brand ambassador for NRHM", "text": "LUCKNOW: After bringing record number of tourists to Gujarat and creating country-wide awareness about polio, will Amitabh Bachchan help his home state sprucing up the public health scenario? This is the a million dollar question for officials in the state government who want Amitabh Bachchan to promote health awareness in the state.Authorities are exploring the possibilities to appoint the veteran actor as the brand ambassador for popularizing various schemes under the National Rural Health Mission, particularly routine immunization, adolescent health, institutional delivery and save the girl child - areas where UP lags behind.The government is keen on giving a facelift to the NRHM schemes, whose image has taken a severe beating following the multi-thousand crore-scam. \"An immediate image overhaul is must,\" said a government officer. \"The actor has already done wonders for the country by associating with polio elimination campaign. He can do the same for the state,\" he added.When asked to comment, UP's NRHM mission director Mukesh Meshram said: \"There is a provision for appointing a brand ambassador for promoting causes of child health. Maharashtra and Rajasthan have already taken a lead. We are also trying our best. But let's see how things take shape.\" He refused to divulge any more details.Sources revealed that health officials were trying to approach the mega star through several channels and are hopeful of a positive response. Though the actor reportedly didn't charge anything for associating with the polio elimination programme, the expenditure on making the advertisement campaigns could be easily borne by the UP's National Rural Health Mission that has about Rs 20 crore budget for information, education and communication. Almost half of this budget is earmarked for awareness / sensitization of community towards the cause of maternal and child health issues.Amitabh Bachchan's association with the ruling Samajwadi Party is also well known. His wife Jaya is SP's Rajya Sabha member while the family is also linked to Barabanki's Daulatpur village through Amitabh Bachchan Sewa Sansthan. Big B was a member of the UP Development Council in the SP's previous tenure and also did a promotional campaign for the Mulayam government before the 2007 Vidhan Sabha elections.The catch line of the campaign 'UP mein hai dam kyoki jurm yahan hai kam' boomeranged during the elections as SP lost. But health is an apolitical cause, say officials.Sources revealed that the state government wanted to approach to actor Aamir Khan as well but he has reportedly already signed an agreement with the Rajasthan government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-27"}
