{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564241", "title": "Centre to issue stringent orders to regulate clinical trials", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking a serious view of deaths in the last three years caused by botched clinical trials, the Centre has decided to crack the whip on private firms and agencies which carry out such trials.Worried over the rising mortality rate in clinical trials, the government is contemplating a number of stringent measures to strengthen the provisions regulating conduct of clinical trials in the state. The Central Drug Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) recently issued orders to all its state units to crack the whip on erring units. Sources in the AP unit of CDSCO said that the new guidelines approved by the Centre would be immediately intimated to clinical research organisations (CROs) and hospitals. As per the order, it is the responsibility of the ethics committee, which reviews and accords approval for drug trials, to safeguards the rights and ensure the safety of those persons who volunteer for drug trials. and experiments.\"If there is any injury or death during a drug trial, the institution has to pay compensation to the victims as per the new rules,\" states the order. In case a person suffers a permanent injury as a result of the trial, he/she is entitled to medical treatment and financial compensation. In case of death, the legal heirs of the person are entitled to financial or material compensation. \"These would have to be provided by the agency or company conducting the drug trial,\" the order reads.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said in Parliament on Friday that there have been 211 such deaths till June this year. Azad also said that a total of 1,954 persons had died between 2009 and June 2012 due to \"serious adverse effects\" of clinical trials. \"If the agency or company denies that the injury or death was not caused due to the trial, it should challenge the allegations within 30 days of the injury or death. Claims should be settled within 90 days,\" a senior CDSCO official said.The CDSCO has also asked its state units to ensure that all institutions and hospitals involved in clinical trials should obtain a written consent for each study from the authority concerned and also from the persons volunteering for the said experiment.Generally, clinical investigations or experiments are conducted in either of two ways. One is when investigations are carried out for new drugs after pre-clinical trials on animals and trials on human beings from second phase. Trials for new drugs for diseases like cancer and other serious ailments need to be conducted in the supervision of doctors at a hospital.The second mode of trials is that which is generally done by CROs which are also called bio-availability/bio-equivalent studies where approved drugs are tested for upgrades or improvement. Sometimes, non-serious drugs are tested by CROs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569829", "title": "Parents want kids to read Dickens\u2019s 'A Christmas Carol'", "text": "Charles Dickens' classic 'A Christmas Carol' is the book most parents would want their children to read, according to a new survey by the University of Worcester.The survey, which asked 2000 adults to reveal which books they considered to be must-reads for the next generation, found one in five parents wanted their children to experience the Victorian Christmas tale more than any other fictional novel.The Harry Potter series by JK Rowling was voted second, followed by The Lord of The Rings triology by JRR Tolkien.Others making into the list were Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen, Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland and Animals Farm by George Orwell.The findings mark the opening of The Hive - Europe's first joint University and public library.\"The books that feature in the top 10 all provide thought-provoking content and characters, so it is clear that parents value these books for providing challenging thoughts which can last a lifetime,\" said Anne Hannaford, Director of Information and Learning Services at the University of Worcester.From the poll, it was also revealed 'Alice in Wonderland' is today's most-read book, with 41 percent of adults having read it.The University of Worcester's top-ten of must-read books are -1.A Christmas Carol, Charles Dickens2.The Harry Potter Series, JK Rowling3.The Lord of The Rings, JRR Tolkien4.Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen5.Alice in Wonderland, Lewis Carroll6.The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe, CS Lewis7.Animal Farm, George Orwell8.Oliver Twist, Charles Dickens9.The Hobbit, JRR Tolkien10.To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15564870", "title": "The modern day Noah", "text": "For someone who spent more than 20 years in advertising, many would think that this field of work was his calling. But a chance encounter with a street dog made him realise that he was meant for something different. Rana Sahri worked in the advertising industry from 1983-2005 in the copywriting and client servicing department, which included a long stint with Mudra Communication. Now, along with his wife, Shahin Ashraf Ali, they manage an animal rescue home in Karjat, in the outskirts of Mumbai. So, what made him give up the glamourous world of advertising to move to a nondescript place away from the city lights? He recalls, \"It was in 1995 that I got friendly with a street dog in my society . With the help of a neighbour, I used to look after him. One day, I couldn't find him anywhere and I found out that he had been given away by the society members who considered the dog a nuisance . But I did not stop there and helped many other dogs and cats in the society. I had constant squabbles with the society members because of these animals and I made up my mind to shift to an independent house. I shifted, along with all my animals , to the new house in 2000.\" The new house witnessed a few interesting incidents. \"As people came to know about the kind of work I was doing, they started bringing abandoned animals to me. I had dogs, cats and cows in the house. One day, there was a goat standing at my gate on its own. I looked around for the owner but could not find anyone. She became the newest entrant in the house,\" shares Sahri. His work got a boost when a friend asked him to shift base to Karjat where the latter had a house spread over six acres, a much needed space for Sahri's 'extended family.' The couple moved with the animals to Karjat in 2002. Initially, the going was tough for Sahri, as he had to commute to the city for his work (two hours, one way). He did so for three years and bid adieu to the advertising industry in 2005 when he realised that his energies had to be focussed elsewhere. The shift also brought with itself a fair share of problems. \"It was a big area to be managed by two people. There were a lot of snakes in the vicinity and it was important to protect my animals from them. Also, I did not know any veterinary doctors in Karjat and I had to come to the city every time the animals had a problem ,\" he adds. But Sahri was unfazed. When the word spread and people came to know about his work, help started pouring in from different quarters. Local doctors helped with the treatment of his animals free of cost. Doctors from Bombay Veterinary College and the animal unit of Tata Memorial Hospital also offered support to him. He got more support when Shabana and her husband, helpers by profession , believed in his work and decided to help him in the farm.Also, after giving up a lucrative job, meeting the expenditure on the animals was tough. Ask him that and Sahri smiles. \"I am a man of simple needs. My wife and I pursue freelance jobs and have more than what we can ask for.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569779", "title": "Robert Pattinson sells $5.8 m LA love nest", "text": "Robert Pattinson has reportedly sold his 5.8 million-dollar home in Los Feliz.Following news of Kristen's cheating scandal with director Rupert Sanders, Robert is said to be reconsidering relocation plans he made earlier in the year.The actor originally desired to set up house with Kristen in the UK in late 2012, but her betrayal has prompted him to take action earlier than planned.\"There's too many memories there for him,\" a friend revealed to Star magazine .Robert's friend reveals that the actor is sad to give up his Los Angeles estate.\"He loves that house, but he keeps thinking of that day when she snuck away for her make out session with Rupert, leaving him in front of the telly thinking she was having a business meeting,\" the friend said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563068", "title": "Shinde, Malik discuss pending issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: In his first conversation with his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik after taking over as home minister, Sushil Kumar Shinde touched upon various pending issues between the two countries apart from expressing concern over elements in Pakistan trying to create communal unrest in India.Malik had telephoned Shinde to convey Eid greetings and the two briefly spoke of issues such as Mumbai attacks and revised visa agreement. Malik reiterated his commitment to bring the masterminds and perpetrators of the Mumbai terror attack to justice, a home ministry spokesperson said. Both also agreed to continue mutual cooperation and to work towards rooting out terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.Malik also invited Shinde to visit Pakistan to sign the revised visa agreement which has now been agreed to by both sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15564685", "title": "Teenager spreads message of gender equality", "text": "MYSORE: When girls of her age think of finding ways to have fun, this 16-year-old girl decided to tread the less-trodden path.Sangita Ranjan, a 12th grade student in the USA and a native of Mysore, is on a mission spreading awareness about gender equality. Sangita was in the city to address a conference on female empowerment and shared her views with TOI on the issue.\"I noticed 70 per cent of women in the country are poor and 65 per cent have no education. I began speaking to girls aged between 10 and 19 about women empowerment and its social significance. Our country has a lot of talented young girls. There is a need to recognize and encourage them,\" she adds.Explaining the extent of gender bias in India and America, she said in India, girls are deprived of education and most of the time, people force them to do things that they don't like.India is the largest democracy in the world but fourth dangerous place for women, she pointed out.\"The government cannot be blamed for gender inequality. Problem lies within the people. Its hightime women changed their attitude. When we do not help ourselves, we become passive supporters of wrongdoing. Women empowerment can solve social problems like malnutrition, child marriage and child labour,\" she adds.Sangita also volunteered with ACCESS (Association for Community Care, Education, and Social Services), a centre for underprivileged children in Bangalore. She has received the Violet Richardson Award, instituted by the Soroptomist International Organization in 2011.She will attend another conference in Bangalore on August 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jalpari", "code": "15568326", "title": "'Jalpari\u2019 will appeal to both children and adults: Nilamadhab", "text": "Jalpari: The desert mermaid which is hitting the screens on August 31 is all set to open a new chapter in children's film. The film, an adventure thriller, based on the extremely pertinent and worrying issue of female foeticide is expected to appeal both adults and children too. Interestingly, the film has already received wide recognition in the international film festivals.  As says Sushil Kumar Agrawal, CMD Ultra Distributors, \"We have been delighted by the critical acclaim that Jalpari has received in the Festival circuit. Given the nature and the extent of the issue of female foeticide in India, it is our endeavour to take this film to the widest possible audience.\" The film directed by Nilamadhab Panda who earlier shot into fame with his debut feature film I Am Kalam has actors like Parvin Dabas and Tannistha Chatterjee.Talking about it, the director says, \"The issues concerning the society need to be reflected in story-telling. Strictly speaking, Jalpari is not just about children. It will appeal to both children and adults. It is my way of telling a story weaving the issues that are being faced by Indian society.\" Both Parvin Dabas and Tannishtha Chatterjee maintain it has been a wonderful experience working on the film. And they feel, \"The art of story-telling and the issues being portrayed in the film are really important.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15565037", "title": "Roof collapses in East Delhi, 2 hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two women were injured after a roof collapsed in a house in Farsh Bazar, east Delhi on Sunday. Panic triggered in the area after the smell of explosives was detected from the site, however, cops have ruled out any foul play.The incident took place around 4:40pm and the trapped women were rushed to Hedgewar Hospital for treatment, police said. Forensic experts and crime team rushed to the spot and collected samples that were later sent for examination. \"The cause of blast is not known. Only a detailed forensic examination can say what lead to the blast,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15568559", "title": "I did not get any invite from ministry: Shastri", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India cricket captain Ravi Shastri on Monday rejected criticism for not attending the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and Arjuna Awards committee meeting, saying that he was never informed by the sports ministry about it.Shastri was part of the 15-member committee, which announced the awards after a meeting on Saturday.\"In this age of connectivity, how come I didn't receive a single call on my cell or an SMS, an email or a simple invite,\" said a remorseful Shastri while reacting to a report that the sports ministry was miffed that he did not attend the committee meeting.The sources in the sports ministry were quoted as saying in newspapers this morning that repeated attempts to reach Shastri in the last few days had borne no result.\"It's an honour to be picked on the committee but there's no point in hearing it from the media,\" added Shastri, rueing the missed opportunity of attending the meeting.\"In this day and age of connectivity, I am surprised a person can't be reached,\" concluded Shastri.Newspaper reports suggested that ministry had conceded it had operated under severe time constraint.Of the 10 eminent sportspersons nominated to the panel, everyone but for Baichung Bhutia and Ravi Shastri, had attended the meeting last Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563585", "title": "Gehlot asks gems &amp; jewellery players to develop sector in Raj", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot asked stakeholders in the gems and jewellery industry to make efforts to further develop the sector in the state.He was addressing a gathering after laying the foundation stone of a hostel of Indian Institute of Gems and Jewellery in Sitapura industrial area here on Saturday.Gehlot said there was a need to make more efforts for the improvement of the gems and jewellery sector, for which stakeholders of the industry should come forward.Industry minister Rajendra Pareek said the state government has been supporting the sector through its policies and that jewellers should also exchange views with the government on a regular basis.The hostel, to be constructed with an estimated cost of Rs 8 crore on a land provided free by the government, will accommodate 300 students, president of the institute, Pramod Derewala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "cincinnati", "code": "15568939", "title": "Title eludes Bhupathi and Bopanna at Cincinnati Masters", "text": "CINCINNATI: Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna had to be content with a runners-up finish at the ATP Cincinnati Masters as they lost the summit clash in straight sets to Sweden's Robert Lindstedt and Romania's Horia Tecau.The sixth seed Indian pair lost 4-6, 4-6 to the fourth seeded rival team in the summit clash of the $2,825,280 hard court event, Sunday night.Bhupathi and Bopanna were playing their second final of the season. They had won a title in a Dubai ATP event in February.India's Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek had bowed out in the second round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563698", "title": "Historians divided over Kolkata's birthday", "text": "KOLKATA: Can a lessee of a mass of land become the founder of a city? Can the date of his landing in Kolkata be suddenly interpreted as the city's birth date?Such questions, and many more, will be asked by a host of historians - who contest the claim that August 24 should be celebrated as the city's birthday - on August 23. But the debate has already started raging among those who are preparing to celebrate the occasion on Friday.The state government and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation celebrated the tercentenary of the city in 1990. But a high court ruling had put an end to the celebration, saying that August 24 cannot be considered the birth date of the city. Though the state-backed agencies stopped commemorating the day, several private organizations followed tradition and stuck to the August 24 date.However, there are some who contest this established notion and feel public awareness should be generated about the misconception. One such organization - Sutanati Boimela Committee - will bring together historians of repute, including Debashish Basu, to contest the claim at an event on August 23.Job Charnock, the British trader who landed near Nimtala Ghat on August 24, 1690, was unanimously considered to be the founder of Kolkata till now. He is believed to have received lease of the three villages - Sutanuti, Gobindopur and Kalikata - from the then owner, Sabarna Ray Chowdhury.The Sabarna Roy Chowdhury Paribar Parishad challenged the date and filed a PIL in Calcutta high court in 2001. They produced a copy of an old 1698 deed where Charnock's son-in-law, Charles Eyre, was leased out the three villages. The court formed an expert committee of historians comprising Arun Dasgupta, Barun De, Sushil Chowdhury and Naren Sinha, to look into the matter.\"We unanimously decided that Kolkata's existence is certainly older than the arrival of Job Charnock. Even Abul Fazl's Ain-i-Akbari (1590) mentions Kollegot, which can certainly be interpreted as Kolkata. Naturally, you cannot celebrate the city's birthday on August 24. Moreover, how can a city which is a landmass that grows over time, have a birthday, at least logically?\" asks Barun De. Soumitro Sreemani, another noted historian, also dismissed the birthday claim.Incidentally, Sutanati Parishad, an NGO that celebrates many of the old anniversaries and events associated with the city, will start its Sutanati Utsav on August 24. \"When our organization was formed on August 24, the city was agog with the tercentenary celebrations. However, the date was debated and disproved later, but we continued with our Sutanati Utsav, which is not necessarily a birthday celebration,\" said Kalyan Kumar Deb of Sutanati Parishad.The August 23 talk has been organized at the house of Chatu Babu - Latu Babu, one of the princely houses of the city,to add a touch of history to the event. \"We will also be celebrating the birth centenary of Binoy Krishna Deb Bahadur, a pioneer in the field of education and literature. Right from the Oriental Seminary, General Assembly and Metropolitan School, he was on the committee of many institutions.His books - Growth and Early History of Kolkata and Pancha Pushpa - are still considered to be scholarly documents on the city's early history,\" said Suman Bhowmick, general secretary of Sutanati Boimela Committee.Once again it is that time of the year when a debate rages as to whether Friday, August 24, should be celebrated as the city's birthday. In 1990 both the state government and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation celebrated the tercentenary of the city following the date that history books had been propagating eversince. After this hullaballoo of the tercentenary was over, a High Court ruling put an end to the matter saying that August 24 cannot be considered the birthdate of the city.Though the state backed agencies do not celebrate the birthday of the city anymore, there are several private organisations that do, as a matter of tradition. So there are some others who contest this, feeling that public awareness should be generated about the misconception. Sutanati Boimela Committee is one such organisation, which will bring together historians of repute to contest the claim that August 24 should be celebrated as the city's birthday. They will present their case on August 23.Job Charnock, the British trader who landed near Nimtolla Ghat on August 24, 1690, was so long considered to be the founder of Kolkata. He is supposed to have received lease of the three villages - Sutanuti, Gobindopur and Kalikata from the then owners, Sabarna Ray Chowdhury.'Can a lessee of a mass of land become the founder of a city? Can the date of his landing in Kolkata be suddenly interpreted as the city's birthdate?\" asks Debashish Basu, an expert on the history of Kolkata, who will argue the case on August 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "vedaranyam", "code": "15564258", "title": "Eight fishermen injured by Lankan navy", "text": "VEDARANYAM: In yet another attack, the Sri Lankan Navy allegedly assaulted eight Indian fishermen in mid sea and seized their valuables on Saturday. All of them are undergoing treatment at the Government Hospital in Nagappattinam.As many as 18 fishermen hailing from Vellapallam and Vanavanmahadevi villages set out for fishing in five boats on Saturday morning from Thopputhurai near Vedharanyam in Nagappattinam district. The attack occurred 30 nautical miles off Thopputhurai coast on Saturday night around 8pm. Among the 18 fishermen eight sustained severe internal injuries.\"We received information about the attack on Sunday morning when all of the fishermen returned to Thopputhurai. It was learnt that our fishermen were fishing within the International Maritime Boundary Limit (IMBL) using floating nets. But the water currents gradually moved the net beyond the IMBL. At that time, the personnel of the Sri Lankan navy surrounded them and cut the nets for illegal entry into their waters. They also attacked the fishermen using rubber sticks and seized the GPS, ice boxes, fuel and food items.The fishermen sustained internal injuries and one of them was injured on his hand while attempting to stop them from damaging the net. However, none of our fishermen were arrested this time,\" said N Chandran, assistant director fisheries, Nagappattinam. The fishermen were admitted to Nagappattinam government hospital at around 12pm for treatment. Meanwhile, higher level talks would take place with Sri Lankan authorities on the attack, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563257", "title": "Gold loan firm looted of Rs 4.85L", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira Road police have zeroed onto some suspects in the daring daylight dacoity at Muthoot Fincorp Ltd on Saturday. Six armed men had barged into the firm's office near Shivar garden and made off with cash and ornaments worth Rs 4.85 lakh. The dacoits took advantage of the fact that no closed-circuit cameras were installed at the premises and the security guard was unarmed. No arrests have been made yet.Muthoot Fincorp Ltd is a leading gold loan company. The police suspect that the dacoits carried out a reconnaissance at the Mira Road branch and observed the holes in the security arrangements. \"The incident took place around 3.10pm. The dacoits drove up in a Santro car. There were 10 to 12 staffersin the company's office. Within minutes of entering the premises, the dacoits locked up all male staffers and the lone security guard in the bathroom. One of the dacoits stood guard outside the office. Pointing revolvers at the female staffers, the dacoits threatened them into handing over Rs 3.6 lakh in cash and ornaments worth Rs 1.25 lakh from counters and drawers. The ornaments that were robbed had been mortgaged by customers,\" the police said.CCTV footage from adjoining establishments indicates the dacoits drove off in the Santro. The police are going through the footage for more leads. \"The company had installed a burglar alarm but none of the staffers used it. As a result, we learnt of the dacoity only 15 to 20 minutes later,\" said a senior official. A joint probe is being conducted by the Mira Road police and the local crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567570", "title": "Top Gun director \u2018Tony Scott\u2019 commits suicide", "text": "Top Gun fame, director Tony Scott kills himself.Top Gun director, Tony Scott committed suicide by jumping from the Vincent Thomas Bridge in San Pedro, California on Sunday.It has been reported that the 68 year old British filmmaker jumped at about 12.30pm on Sunday. His body was recovered by police and the US Coast Guard two hours later.Tony Scott became a household name in 1986 after his \"Top Gun,\" starring Tom Cruise and Kelly McGillis became a huge hit. Eddie Murphy starrer, \"Beverly Hills Cop II\" was liked too.RIP Tony Scott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15564364", "title": "Land acquisition hurdle delays Vizag flyover project", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The much-anticipated flyover connecting Asilmetta junction and Dondaparthy junctions in Visakhapatnam is still miles away from its completion. The 1.6-km flyover connecting the main artery road of Visakhapatnam was underway in 2008. However, acquisition of land and untimely allocation of funds ensured that the work progressed at a snail's pace over the last four years. According to the GVMC engineers, over 70% of the work concerning the Rs 89 crore JNNURM project has been completed and the structure would be ready by February 2013.The main reasons behind the delay goes to the acquisition of railway land and acquisition of private owned land via transferable development rights (TDR), variations in the plans concerning the structure (the flyover was extended by half a kilometer and the proposed ramp was dispensed with) and the delay in allocation of funds. 50% of the project cost is being borne by the Centre while 20% of the funds are from the state coffers and the rest being borne by GVMC. The chief engineer of GVMC claimed that most of the above hiccups have been sorted out, but noted that those who disagree with the TDR concept are yet to let go of their property without being compensated in cash and are at loggerheads with the corporation.The GVMC engineers pointed out that prime property owners along the major junctions of Asilmetta and Dondaparthy area are yet to accept the TDR certificates, while the railway problem seems to have been sorted out more or less, what with the municipality allocating over 48 acres of land for the 24 acres they acquired from the railways. However, compensation for structures and property of the railways is yet to be finalized and await the approval.However, many private property owners believe that the TDR idea would not work as they could only sell these rights to a builder, who would buy the rights only if the real value is under-quoted. They claimed that it was only fair that their compensations be paid in cash and as per the current market value of the property. GVMC chief engineer Jairam Reddy said, \"Many of the people losing property for the service roads and the flyover are yet to take to the concept of TDR.\"According to sources, over 28 TDRs are yet to be handed over for acquisition, while the recipients, some of who are to be convinced have moved to the courts demanding cash compensation. But, the chief engineer sounded confident of the acquisition process being completed in time and pointed out that the flyover would be completed in six months or less and would be the first amongst the major infrastructure projects being taken up in GVMC, stressing on the aspect that TDR method of acquisition, which is the norm in metros like Mumbai would soon catch up in Vizag too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563369", "title": "Zahida throws food at jail employee", "text": "INDORE: The prime accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, Zahida Pervez, created a scene in the district jail when she allegedly threw food on the face of a jail employee on Saturday evening.District jail superintendent Santosh Solanki said the incident took place in the evening when dinner was being served to the inmates. However, a jail employee, who reached the spot later, allegedly in retaliation threw pulse on the face of Zahida.The administration would look into the incident to know the truth whether Zahida threw the pulse intentionally or it was just an incident, Solanki added.In case Zahida was found guilty, action would be taken against her as per jail manual, he said.This was not the first time when the Shehla murder case accused created the scene in the jail.Earlier too, Saba Farooqui was caught entering the district jail with a new cell phone in April. However, Saba later disowned the cell phone. Officials said, the accused has flatly denied that the cell phone belonged to her. But, the then jail superintendent Dinesh Nargawe said that Saba Farooqui tried to play tricks with the women cops when they wanted to frisk her.Five accused in the murder case, Zahida Pervez, Saba Farooqui, Saquib Ali (Danger), Irfan and Tabish have been lodged in two jails and are being tried in the CBI court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15564010", "title": "Assamese leader blames Centre for conflict", "text": "PUNE: Leader of Asom Gana Parishad Alka Sarma on Sunday said the problem in Assam is a result of illegal immigration of Bangladeshis who are getting aggressive as their population is growing and their strife with the local people for control over the available resources. However, the situation has grown out of proportions because the Union and the state governments have no will to control it.Sarma, a former member of the legislative assembly in Assam, was speaking at the event 'Brahmaputra Calling' in the city to spread awareness about the issues of northeast states.She said, \"After the war with East Pakistan (now Bangladesh), the then Indian government had decided not to allow further immigration. Nonetheless, it continued for the next 30 years and the security forces failed to protect our borders. This created a huge pressure on resources in the northeast states and the social outburst is a result of this.\"The situation in Assam, she said, is tricky as it is tough to differentiate between an Assamese and a Bangladeshi because of their similar appearances and also since the immigrants have procured all documents required to be a citizen of India.Sarma said there is rampant corruption in the funds - meant to provide infrastructure, health and other facilities - allocated to regions in the northeast. She said, \"The only reason for infiltration is the search for a good life. The Union government should have taken some steps to avoid the problems we are facing today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15562983", "title": "Mumbai violence: Father gives video footage to claim son\u2019s innocence", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahmed Shaikh, a small time businessman dealing in leather goods, has claimed that his son 19-year-old Aslam Ali, arrested in the Azad Maidan violence along with 22 others, is innocent. He submitted footages from the CCTVs of their building society in Dadar to prove his innocence.\"We have submitted the proof to show that Aslam was very much in our building till 4.34pm on August 11,\" Aslam's brother Azhar said. He said after Aslam left home, on learning that his college at Parel was closed due to riots, went to his friend Zuheb Qureshi's house in Byculla where he broke his fast. After that at around 9pm, the two came to CST to meet some friend when they were picked up by the police.\"I have submitted 13 CDs and photographs of the society to claim that Aslam was very much at his house when the riots broke out at Azad Maidan,\" Aslam's advocate Sachin Bandkar said.\"It needs to be verified. If he is proved innocent, we will release him,\" joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565316", "title": "5K govt docs to put in papers", "text": "PATNA: Five thousand government doctors would put in their papers under the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) by November 5 if the state government does not concede their long-pending demands, including protection to doctors and regularization of services of contractual doctors.Bihar Health Services Association (BHSA) secretary cum spokesperson Dr Ranjit Kumar on Sunday said that a decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the association held here under the chairmanship of Dr Akhilesh Kumar Singh and Dr Dineshwar Singh. The doctors would stop all medical work from January 15, 2013, if the government did not concede their demands. Dr Kumar said that till the doctors on contract were regularized, they should get all the facilities enjoyed by regular doctors.He said the state government should stop humiliating doctors and immediately withdraw all such orders. The administration should not meddle in the working of medical professionals, he said.Dr Kumar said the Medical Professional and Establishment Protection Act and the directives of Supreme Court for the safety of doctors should be strictly implemented by the state government. For maintaining safety and security at hospitals, a special police battalion should be constituted, he added.The BHSA members also urged the state government to provide a government job and Rs 10 lakh as ex gratia to the wife of a deceased contractual doctor, Kaushal Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kalyan ", "code": "15563524", "title": "Undertrial tries to end life", "text": "KALYAN : Upset with not getting bail to celebrate Eid, Chand Mohammed Shaikh, a 37-year-old accused, tried to commit suicide inside the Adharwadi jail in Kalyan. Bazarpeth police said he was upset for not being able to be with his family. On Thursday Shaikh tried to hang himself. But he was rescued by other inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565439", "title": "Bangalore: Eatery owners restrict menu, shuffle staff", "text": "Some have restricted the menu from which the guests can choose, while others are catering only to limited number of people at a time. A few others are roping in people from their chain outlets in other cities. This is precisely how restaurant owners are managing the manpower crisis in their establishments this weekend in the wake of the exodus of northeast employees.\"We are unable to manage. Seniors in service wings have been forced to help skeletal staff in kitchens. Everyone is working overtime. This despite holding back at least 50% of NE people from leaving by providing them accommodation and security,\" said Ashok Sadhwani, owner of Pub World and Couch restaurant on MG Road. At Couch, 25 youngsters and at Pub World, around 8-10 from the northeast states had been employed. Most of them left the city last week.For Herbs and Spices, the group which runs three fine-dine restaurants in the city, one at Whitefield and two at Sarjapur, managing business has been tough. \"We have to manage with the existing staff. It is definitely difficult on the weekends. We are somehow running the show,\" said Padmanabhan Kolar (Chef Paddy), partner of the group. Twelve employees from the Sarjapur outlets have gone back, while five stopped coming to work since Wednesday.At a posh Chinese eatery on Brigade Road, 12 NE people left for home in the last few days. \"We got people from our pub and lounge bar during our peak hours on Saturday and Sunday and are shuffling them from one outlet to the another based on requirement,\" said the manager on the condition of anonymity. Another high-end restaurant on Museum Road, which runs 17 outlets in Bangalore, has got people fromtheir total chain of 36 restaurants in the country. With more than 100 people having left for their hometowns, the restaurant has resorted to a restricted menu that too for a limited number of guests. People are travelling out of the city for the long weekend. Consequently, the turnout at the restaurants was not what it used to be on a normal weekend, providing some respite to the managers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15564424", "title": "Private universities will be a boon, C T Ravi says", "text": "DHARWAD: The minister for higher education C T Ravi said the Bill seeking establishment of six universities in the state in private sector when passed would pave way for improvement in quality of education besides enable the economically weaker sections to get the benefit of higher education.speaking to reporters here on Sunday during his visit to Karnatak University, he admitted that the state government was unable to meet the requirement of the society as far as providing higher education was concerned and added that the Bill sought to provide an opportunity for private sector to start universities.The Bill will also entrust social responsibility on the private Universities, he said. While 50 per cent of the seats will be allotted by the government on merit and roaster basis the remaining 50 per cent of the seats will be allotted by the management. The fee structure for government seats would be fixed on the basis of recommendations of a committee headed by a retired judge. It is a win-win situation for both the government and the private managements, Ravi claimed. The Bill has been placed in the Legislature and awaits approval.On Karnatak University facing financial crunch, the minister said the government had released Rs 25 crore for payment of salaries and arrangements would also be made to overcome the crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563433", "title": "Financial irregularity: Mayor gets clean chit", "text": "JAIPUR: Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal was given a clean chit against allegations of financial irregularity in an inquiry conducted by the local fund audit (LFA) at the directions of chief minister Ashok Gehlot .In its report, the investigating team found the mayor innocent of the charges levelled by Jaipur Bachao Samiti and lawyer R D Rastogi.The report stated that no irregularities were found in the payments made to various agencies, issuing tenders and declaring her personal residence as the Mayor House. It also acquitted mayor of the charges of promoting encroachments and illegal construction in the city.\"I am happy that the truth has finally come out. The baseless allegations made by the BJP leaders and chairman of various committees of municipal council have stalled the development of the city. It was a part of their game plan to cover up their corrupt activities,\" said Khandelwal.\"I have come out clean but now all these people need to answer. They should immediately resign from their posts on moral grounds,\" she went on to add.The report said the mayor did not encourage illegal construction rather made efforts to check it. No evidences were found against the mayor for manipulating the terms for auctioning plots. She had no role in payment made to agencies for sewer line as most of the decisions were taken before her tenure.The inquiry, however, was mired in controversies. The officials of Jaipur Municipal Council were alleged of not cooperating in the investigation. While the investigation was initiated in January 2012, the department could not get hold of the required documents, and as a result, failed to submit the report to the CM on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569905", "title": "College fests- a new promotional ground!", "text": "Relying on student power, the makers of Chal Pichchur Banate Hain devised a special strategy to launch film's music at the annual fest of NM college in Mumbai.Since the movie is youth centric, the producers zeroed in on the happening festival to target young viewers. The function, which saw actors Rahil Tandon, Bhavna Ruparel, besides singer Sunidhi Chauhan and music director Gaurav Dagaonkar, had hundreds of college goers present on the occasion.According to the sources, the idea behind holding the release function was to connect with youth. \"Also, it gave film unit a platform to interact with college going youth,\" a source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567158", "title": "I would love to produce films again: Aftab", "text": "Actor Aftab Shivdasani too joined the brigade of television and film actors representing India in I-Day parades abroad.Aftab was invited to be the grand marshall at the Independence Day Parade in Chicago . The actor, who has been missing from the scene for a while now, is quite excited about his future projects - 1920: Evil returns and Grand Masti .Aftab, who wowed audiences with his dimpled-smile and chocolate-boy looks, is raring to go. The actor is looking at trying something different. In 2009, when he decided to branch out and get into the 'business' of films, he produced Aao Wish Karein in which he also starred as the lead. The actor is open to producing more films.\"Yes, Aao Wish Karein was the most special experience for me as I saw a different side to films and film making. I would love to produce films again but just not sure when,\" he says. Quite a few actors are trying their hands at other aspects of film-making. Most of them have taken to crooning for their films.Ask Aftab if he would ever get behind the mic, and he quips, \"Singing - I don't know as I've never tried it! But maybe in the future, who knows?!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566903", "title": "Celebs at a jewellery show", "text": "Sunday, saw the opening of a jewellery show at a suburban luxury hotel. Looking resplendent in a classic green gown, the colour accentuated by her neckpiece, was Sonam Kapoor . Spotted giving Sonam company for a brief while was Hema Malini , the chief guest at the event, draped in an elegant pink saree.While walking with the young actor, Hema turned nostalgic, recalling the days when the tall and elegant Sonam was just as big as she gestured with her hands: \"Look how tall you are now,\" she says, bringing a smile on Sonam's face.Also seen was Vivek Oberoi , walking the ramp along with mom Yashodhara. They were there to support an NGO named Beti that has taken up cudgels against evils like female foeticide, acid attacks, dowry deaths and illiteracy among women.Cheering them from the front row were Suresh Oberoi and Vivek's wife Priyanka, who dazzled in a white, orange and pink saree, showing off the first glimpse of her baby bump. Yes, the storks are visiting the Oberois and Vivek could not have been a prouder papa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15564792", "title": "Class on-the-go", "text": "As we live in a world full of uncertainties, the business environment is getting even more challenging. Keeping this in mind, UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business has launched a Berkeley MBA for Executives Program, designed to help working professionals acquire the requisite skills and vision needed for the next stage of their career.According to Jon Kaplan, executive director of the new programme, the Berkeley MBA for Executives, to begin in May 2013, is targeted at senior professionals who wish to round out their general management skills and expand their ability to bring fresh ideas to their businesses' strategic planning process, to drive their organisations forward.\"We will do so by providing them with an innovative leader curriculum that is supported by a distinctive Haas culture focused on four defining principles: confidence without attitude, question the status quo, students always and beyond yourself,\" he adds. Participants will earn a Berkeley MBA degree in a programme format that is designed for senior professionals who have on average about 12 years of professional experience and are working professionals.The programme is structured in a business-friendly format to accommodate executives on-the-go . Classes will meet every three weeks, Thursday through Saturday. Classes will be taught primarily on the Berkeley-Haas campus by the business school's faculty.\"Haas will handle the logistics (textbooks, hotel, meals, etc) so that students can focus their time in school on learning with and from their classmates. All students get iPads to facilitate managing their course materials and staying in touch with each other and their professors during and between class sessions,\" says Kaplan.The programme contains a suite of courses that begins with the 'Problem Finding Problem Solving' course that teaches students about the innovation and design processes, and how to define, frame, and reframe a problem, challenge or opportunity. Later on in the programme, students participate in an applied innovation course in which they are organised in teams in which they apply the programme framing tools to address an actual company challenge or global issue, such as providing safe drinking water. Faculty will coach and mentor students on working effectively in cross-disciplinary teams, on the content area of the project, and on experimenting with alternative solutions.A week-long international trip to Asia will further deepen familiarity with problem framing tools and the innovation process applied to an international challenge. Application deadline for round 1 is December 10, 2012, and for round 2 is February 11, 2013. For more information, visit http:// mbaforexecs.haas. berkeley.edu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564768", "title": "Banks struggle to meet education loan target", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when Union finance minister P Chidambaram has called upon banks to make loans cheaper and push education loan to give an impetus to the middle class economy, banks in Jharkhand will have difficulty in meeting targets of education loan which forms a small component of the total lending. The State-Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) during its 38th meeting had set an internal target for increasing at least 12,000 accounts as against the target of 6,691 accounts given by the Union ministry of finance.An ambiguity could be noted in the target given to banks in Jharkhand by the Centre in the light of the fact that for financial year 2012-13 banks in state are expected to create 51,300 loan accounts involving an amount of Rs1,347 crore as against achievement of 44,609 accounts involving Rs 1,123.24 crore by the end of the 2011-12 fiscal.In contrast to the figures in a letter of Union government, banks in Jharkhand have collectively disbursed Rs 1,757 crore to 45,659 accounts as on March 31, 2012.Though fixing of target of Rs1347 crore which is below what has been achieved in the beginning of FY-2012-13 is illogical, Allahabad Bank assistant general manager SK Singh said there could be some difference in the figures because of late updating of data. \"Whatever target was given by the Union government, the banks during its previous SLBC decided to add 1,000 loan accounts every month thereby agreeing to add 12,000 accounts in the current financial year,\" he said clarifying that no target for amount was decided because students require different amounts for different streams of education.The growth in education loan was substantially high in the state as the amount of lending almost doubled than previous year. Banks collectively disbursed Rs.914 crores in 2010-11 whereas this amount increased to Rs1,757 crore in FY-2011-12.Singh agreed that even if no target for amount was set by the SLBC during its 38th meet, if banks achieve the target of adding 12,000 new accounts the amount would also increase substantially in the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568631", "title": "Shirish Kunder goes high-tech for Joker", "text": "Filmmaker Shirish Kunder takes an international approach for new trailer of 'Joker' .Shirish's 'Joker' is full of visual effects, aliens and UFOs being integral to the plot. The director is now cutting a fresh of his forthcoming film to give a taste of heavy duty VFX to the audience, and has even roped in international technicians.\"I am currently making a second trailer of 'Joker' which will be laden with visual effects and many more things that we haven't disclosed so far,\" confirms Shirish Kunder.The trailer in the making will apparently feature the much talked about UFO and aliens from the film. Shirish have hired around 30 ace international technicians to cut the trailer, which will be aired a week before release.\"Some very highly qualified technicians are working on this visually attractive trailer. Prime Focus is also working with me and they have branches in New York and London . Technicians from those centers are making sure this trailer is of international standards. The idea is to do something different and woo audiences, like what we have been doing to promote the film so far,\" adds Shirish.'Joker' jointly produced by Shirish and Farah Khan's Three's Company, actor Akshay Kumar's Hari Om Productions and UTV, the sci-fi drama starring Akshay and Sonakshi Sinha is set against the backdrop of a fictitious small town called Paglapur, where UFO has landed years ago.'Joker' is set to hit the theaters on August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564552", "title": "20-yr-old held for forwarding hate SMS", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 20-year-old youth has been arrested for sending more than 200 SMSs warning of a possible backlash by affected members of the minority community in the Assam ethnic clashes.The youth was identified by cops as B Mohammed Sheik Hassain, a resident of Al Ameen Colony in South Ukkadam in the city. A diploma holder in engineering, Hassain was working as a salesman at a textile shop near the town hall here. He was arrested late on Saturday after tracking his mobile phone.During interrogation, Hassain confessed that he had forwarded an SMS he received on August 10 on the communal situation in Assam to over 25 people. But police said the hate message was forwarded by Hassain to more than 200 people. According to Hassain, he received the message from one Anvar, whose antecedents are now being checked by police.It was following an alert from one of the recipients of the message that the Big Bazar Street police swung into action and arrested Hassain. According to police inspector Deivasigamani, Hassain had no links with any terror outfit and he forwarded the message believing its content to be true. Rumours must have prompted him to do so, the inspector said. \"He had no criminal motive but the content was capable of vitiating the situation ,'' said Deivasigamani.Hassain has been charged under IPC sections for threat to national integration and creating public mischief, apart from the Copy Rights Act.City police commissioner A K Viswanathan urged the public not to be carried away by rumor mongering. He asked residents not to forward any message that would affect communal harmony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562952", "title": "'After awareness, we need facilities to increase organ donations'", "text": "NAGPUR: In the past couple of years, the city has seen many individuals and families willingly donating bodies of deceased relatives to medical colleges; the number of eye donations too have gone up. However, the donation of kidneys and other organs, and their transplant, has fallen in the city due to a lack of facilities, say doctors.The increasing trend of cadaver donations is getting a big thumbs-up from the medical fraternity, as the city and region have many medical colleges perpetually short of this clinical material. In fact, doctors were earlier forced to visit Mumbai and go through a series of formalities to be able to get the necessary number of cadavers in colleges.\"Though most people only know about eye, kidney and body donations, they do not know about skin and bone banking. Donated skin can be very helpful in cases of burns, as skin grafting is done for the burn patients,\" said Dr YR Kulkarni, head of anatomy department of Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGMC).Publicity about the ability to restore vision of a blind person through cornea donation has overcome the superstitions among the orthodox about last rites of their kin, believes Dr Ashok Madan, head of ophthalmology department of Government Medical College (GMC). \"The last few years have seen an increase in relatives respecting pledges by patients about donating their eyes. Knowing that eyes should be donated within a couple of hours of death, several people first call the doctors to remove the cornea of the deceased before calling up relatives about the death,\" he said.The scene is not so rosy for kidney donors though. \"Despite the inclusion of grandparents along with parents and siblings in those allowed to donate the organ to a patient, it has not really helped. The number of donations has been going down due to the legal hassles involved,\" said nephrologist and transplantation physician Dr Shivnarayan Acharya, who a founder member of Central India Kidney Foundation (CIKF).Social worker Ramesh Satpute's Deharashtrarpan has been spreading the word about body donation in the city since 1989. Till date, he has helped 660 people pledge their bodies for medical research and 101 for cadavers donations.\"At first, religious beliefs posed a problem for donations but now family problems stop people from approaching us. Most cannot get the necessary permissions from their families. I wish more people and organizations worked towards this end, as there are several logistic problems in cadaver and organ donations that a mourning family may not be able to surmount on its own,\" said Satpute. He says that women are more forthcoming when it comes to body donations.Dean of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences (NKPSIMS) Dr Subrajit Dasgupta said it would be a big help if colleges could promote the necessary cadaver donations in their vicinity instead of 'importing' bodies from Mumbai. \"The ideal ratio of cadavers to students is 14:1, but we are far from achieving it. One big problem is that, unlike in the West, we do not have well organized groups that help people in such procedures,\" he said.Gastroenterologist Dr Prashant Bhandarkar said the absence of required infrastructure has been responsible for the lack of organ transplant in the city. \"Even if some doctors get the training for these difficult procedures, they have to go to bigger cities to practice them,\" he said.TABLECadaver donations at IGGMCYear - Bodies2007 - 52008 - 62009 - 42010 - 62011 - 102012 (till July) - 4BOXTransplant panel not yet up to speedThe Zonal Transplantation Coordination Centre (ZTCC) came up in the city a year-and-a-half ago but the state government organization has not contributed much to the cause it was set up for - facilitation of cadaver and organ donations. Dr BG Waghmare, chairman of ZTCC in city, said that the committee may become active in the next couple of months after completion of necessary formalities. \"By raising awareness in society, including medical practitioners, we will try to increase the number of cadaver donations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15562742", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's death spurs netas to rush for medical tests", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a week after the death of Union minister and two-time CM Vilasrao Deshmukh , politicians, bureaucrats and professionals seem to have woken up to the need for a medical check-up.Top medical practitioners on Sunday confirmed to this paper that there had been a sudden spurt in leading netas, babus and executives approaching super specialists for testing of specific ailments. \"In the last 15 days, quite a large number have undergone medical check-up for specific diseases,'' a senior medical professor said. He pointed out that most leading private hospitals provide basic testing facilities at home too.Sixty-seven-year-old Deshmukh was being treated for a liver ailment and was admitted to Chennai's Global Trust Hospital. However, he died on August 14, before he could get liver and kidney transplants.In the case of all-India services such as IAS, IPS and Indian Forest Service , an annual health check-up for officers is mandatory. \"They have to submit the annual medical report to the head of their department before December 31, failing which disciplinary action is initiated against them,'' said a former dean of a government hospital. However, since such a medical check-up is not mandatory for politicians, particularly cabinet members, MPs and state legislators, existing diseases are sometimes detected too late.On the ongoing trend, the former dean said that after the deaths of Deshmukh and former health minister Digvijay Khanvilkar, top politicians and government officials had called on their personal physicians with queries about specific diseases. \"Those with a family history of a particular disease were more cautious and were keen on a medical check-up to determine their predisposition to the disease. Early detection ensures that the disease is monitored and steps taken to prevent it becoming a full-blown case. Most patients can lead a normal life,'' he said.He also said that by and large most politicians go in for annual medical check-ups that include tests for blood sugar, kidney ailments, liver, cholesterol and heart diseases. \"Now we have highly sophisticated blood tests that can detect cancerous growth,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563589", "title": "Sanam K Singh's inclusion in Davis Cup", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Lawn Tennis Association (CLTA) has congratulated local lad Sanam K Singh and his mother Roopa Singh on Sanam's selection in the probables for the upcoming Davis Cup tie between India and New Zealand, which is to be held at CLTA from September 14 to 16.Rajan Kashyap, chief patron of CLTA and convener of the Davis Cup tie said, \"Sanam K Singh is a product of CLTA since he trained here, when he was just 9-years-old, for nearly a decade. He has played in a Davis Cup match before. However, if he plays here it will be the first time that a local champion will be playing on his home ground.\"Kashyap added, \"This will undoubtedly inspire youngsters to join our junior development programme. Sanam's mother Roopa Singh, who also visited CLTA on Sunday, said, \"I am happy and excited about Sanam'?s inclusion in the Davis Cup team and if he gets a chance to play he will do his best.\"Previously, Sanam had created history by winning a gold medal in doubles at the Asian Games held in 2010. He also won the ITF Mens Future held in February 2012 at CLTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15565403", "title": "Army focus on Pak fundamentalist groups", "text": "KOLKATA: The Army headquarters had information about Lashkar-e-Taiba and its political front, Jamaat-ud-Dawah, holding a meeting in Karachi on July 2 on the attack on Rohingiya Muslims in Myanmar, a senior Army officer told TOI on Sunday. Following this, Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan demanded the closure of the Myanmarese embassy in Pakistan. The Kokrajhar riots on July 21 gave the fundamentalists an opportunity to club the two issues.Besides creating confusion, the fundamentalists also hoped to recruit potential jihadis in India by fanning passions, it's suspected. The Kokrajhar riots had no connection with happenings in Myanmar but it was possible to club the two issues in distant places like Mumbai, the Army source said.While this isn't the first time that clashes between Bodos and minorities have taken place in Kokarajhar, it's exceptional that this time its ramifications were felt in other parts of the country. Besides last Saturday's violence in Mumbai, in Kolkata posters have appeared in recent days from lesser-known organizations, condemning \"attacks\" on the minority community in Kokrajhar.The onslaught on Rohingiyas of Myanmar has been continuing since June and has led to protests on an international scale. Even UN human rights officials have expressed concern over the crackdown on Rohingiyas following communal violence in the Rakhine state in Myanmar in June. The official death figure in Rakhine state is about 90 dead and 120 injured.Unlike in Myanmar, in Kokrajhar, the authorities had taken steps to deploy the Army to quell the disturbances, it was pointed out. The involvement of militant groups was minimal, according to the source. Not too many of those killed and injured had bullet wounds. In fact, between July 21 and 23, when Bodos and immigrant minorities clashed, the militants had kept themselves away from the scene, according to an official familiar with the Bodoland Territorial Areas District scene.The official advised that the government should not be in a hurry to send back displaced persons in Kokrajhar living in refugee camps to their villages as this could heighten tension. Authorities in Bhutan have asked minority community workers engaged in hydel and other construction projects in Bhutan not to travel to Bhutan through Assam and instead take the route through Phuentsholling bordering West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "townsville", "code": "15568836", "title": "I was shivering due to nervousness: Unmukt Chand", "text": "TOWNSVILLE: The India vs Pakistan games over the years have been tense and India U-19 captain Unmukt Chand did admit that he was very \"tensed\" and was \"shivering\" till the last wicket pair of Harmeet Singh and Sandeep Sharma guided India to a one-wicket victory.\"I was very nervous, I had goose bumps. I am still shivering. I think both the teams played well. It's always good to play against Pakistan. They were competitive,\" Chand said at the post-match presentation ceremony.The skipper was all praise for man-of-the-match Baba Aparajith for his all-round performance.\"He played well. It was his day today. He took four catches and then got their main batsman out. Had he finished unbeaten in his knock, it would been even better,\" Chand lavished praise on his teammate.India were chasing a small target of 137 but crossed finish line with just one wicket in hand. Chand said he felt pressure as match could have gone in favour of either side.The Indian captain said the rollicking start provided pacers, set the tone of the match.\"It was a good start for us. Sandeep bowled well and Ravikant and Passi were equally good. Fielding was also top notch,\" he said.Pakistan skipper Babar Azam, who scored a fighting half century admitted that they made mistakes.\"We tried our best. Sandeep was good. We made mistakes and that's why we lost,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565092", "title": "Delhi University, Jamia Millia Islamia plan to launch a hybrid course", "text": "Delhi University (DU) in collaboration with Jamia Millia Islamia has created an innovative course \u2014 MA in mathematics and mass communication \u2014 under the concept of Meta University. Initially, there will be 20 seats for the course.The course will be conducted under the Cluster Innovation Centre (DU) and AJK Mass Communication Research Centre (Jamia Millia Islamia). While DU has designed the math curriculum, the mass communication curriculum is being taken care of by Jamia.According to SM Sajid, registrar, Jamia Millia Islamia, the MA degree in mathematics and mass communication is an exciting proposition as two universities come together to share their intellectual resources, faculty, facilities, etc. This will open up the face of higher education in the country. \"The curriculum has to be approved by the board of department of teachers and the academic council, which will be done by the first week of September.\"Faculty from CIC, Central Institute of Education (DU) and Jamia will teach the course. The four-semester course will cover areas like core mathematics, pedagogy of mathematics, computational skills, etc. Each semester will have four papers and one project has to be carried out by students.Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor, DU, says, \"The course will offer students opportunities in teaching and research. In order to be a good mathematics teacher, one has to be a good communicator. A math teacher must be able to explain the subject through different mediums of technology \u2014 computer , television, radio, etc. Also, they must be able to promote the subject and excite students.\"\"We are not making a new curriculum. Both the universities will merge the existing curricula to start a new application,\" he adds.Each college has its own strength and through the innovative approach we will give students the best. MM Chaturvedi, director, Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC), DU says, \"The programme is designed in a way that lays stress on the application of mathematics and aims to change the way mathematics has been traditionally taught. The course will be innovative and will be based on application of mathematical concepts rather than teaching and learning mathematics in the traditional way.\"\"We are thinking of having virtual classrooms so that students from both universities can benefit through technology. Sixty per cent of the coursework will involve project work,\" says Chaturvedi.The mass communication papers have been chosen in collaboration with DU to make the curriculum more relevant. Admission will be through a jointly designed entrance test. \"We have got clearance from the University Grants Commission (UGC) about the joint degree. We had to wait for the approval in order to be sure of the legality of the joint degree to be awarded to students,\" says Sajid.Out of the 20 seats, both universities will select 10 students each. The classes will be conducted in both the universities. The course is expected to begin in September.Students who have a background in mathematics or who have cleared two maths papers of 100 marks or students who have had one subject as maths in their graduation can apply. The fee for the course is Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563494", "title": "New design proposed for railway overbridge at Civil Lines", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will make alterations in the design of the proposed railway overbridge (RoB) at Civil Lines crossing to make it safe for the commuters.The JDA had decided to construct the RoB to reduce traffic near the crossing. The decision was taken after the appointed consultancy firm submitted its feasibility report.\"As per the report, it was proposed that RoB will be constructed with 60 degrees of curve. However, giving such a sharp turn will raise the possibility of accidents on the overbridge. An alteration has been made in the design and the curve will be reduced to 25 degrees. The revised proposal will be sent to the urban housing and development (UDH) for approval,\" said a senior JDA official.The RoB is proposed to be constructed from Jamnalal Bajaj Marg to Jacob Road. The official explained that earlier the junction was taken as the centre point to give the turn. However, as per the new design, the overbridge will turn just after crossing the railway track. \"The police outpost and water tank situated near the track will have to be shifted as per the new design,\" he said.Recently, Rambol Consulting Engineering Limited, a Kolkata-based company, in its feasibility report had submitted six options to JDA. \"Out of these six options, we found that construction of RoB from Jamnalal Bajaj Marg to Jacob Road is the most feasible option. The proposal will be sent to chief minister for final approval as the RoB will be constructed near the chief minister's and governor's residence,\" he added.Apart from the design which has been finalized, the firm has proposed a flyover from railway station to Bais Godam as the second option. The firm has proposed to construct an underpass between Jamnalal Bajaj Marg to Sawai Pratap Singh road. Also, an underpass between Jamnalal Bajaj Marg and Jacob Road is being proposed.\"Underpass is not a suitable option in the area as waterlogging is a serious problem,\" said the official. Before giving the nod, possibility of constructing and widening the elevated road from Ambedkar Circle to Sodala and Amjer Pulia (RoB) will also be considered to avoid any problems in future, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore/mangalore", "code": "15566958", "title": "SMS cap: Youngsters find alternatives", "text": "BANGALORE/MANGALORE: This Eid and Onam, your greetings to friends and relatives may not go through. Following a government order that limits SMS usage, most operators have regulated the number of SMSs a subscriber can send to five a day for the next 15 days.The order - which follows the incendiary messages that provoked the exodus of northeast people from south Indian cities - is, though, a little confusing.The letter from the Union telecom department's security wing, dated August 17 reads: \"Block bulk SMS (more than 5) for next 15 days in the entire country across all states/Union Territories.\" There is a similar line for MMS.The letter exempts transactional messages related to institutions such as banking, financial institutes and the railways. But the texting community is resorting to online applications like 'WhatsApp' and 'Nimbuzz' that allow web-based instant messaging across continents - and for free.The genesis of the confusion surrounding the restriction is the term - bulk SMS - which typically refers to commercial SMSs used mainly by telemarketers. Some say the government order aims at stopping a single SMS from being sent to more than five people from one source.Many subscribers trying to send their sixth message received messages like: \"As per the government's order, your limit is 5 SMS a day\", or \"Hi! You have sent 5 SMSs today. As per govt guidelines, you can't send more than 5 SMSs today. Your SMS services will be resumed post midnight.\"Some subscribers, however, are continuing to enjoy unlimited SMS usage. But most operators, including market leader Airtel, are restricting SMS usage to five a day. The biggest impact of this will be on festival days. Ramzan Eid and Onam fall within the 15-day period. Commercial establishments gearing up to wish and make offers on Eid and Onam through SMSs will also be adversely impacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai/pune", "code": "15563325", "title": "Complaint is false, insists baron battling his own son", "text": "MUMBAI/PUNE: The complaint against me is false. The police did not register the victim's statement or conduct a medical test,\" said Shivajirao Jondhale, Dombivli-based education baron, accused by his son, Sagar, of sexually abusing an underage boy at the family farmhouse at Malshej ghat in Pune.Sagar lodged a complaint with the Otur police on August 18, after which they filed cases against Jondhale, as well as Yashwant Kamble, Kishore Jondhale, Nanasaheb Borate and Harshadkumar Khare. Kamble, Jondhale, Borate and Khare (all of them residents of Dombivli).Shivajirao visited the police station along with the victim on Sunday. The victim allegedly told the police that Sagar's complaint was false and claimed they were only having fun at the farmhouse.Shivajirao told TOI he was shocked when he learned about the case. He said the boy's family members work at his college. \"We took him to the farmhouse. My friends undressed him but he was not sexually assaulted.''Shivajirao said Sagar was upset after a high court verdict in his favour on centralized admissions at the S S Jondhale Polytechnic in Dombivli, which restricted admission on management quota basis, by which Sagar was exploiting students by taking hefty donations. That may be why Sagar and some others obtained video footage and filed the complaint, he said.Sagar told TOI, \"My younger brother Devendra is the complainant in this case, and whatever complaint we filed is on the basis of video footage, which shows the victim was physically abused.\"In March 2012, Sagar was booked in a cheating case after Shivajirao approached the HC, alleging that his son used a forged signature to get a large amount collected by the trust as school fees, and with which he allegedly purchased a speedboat for \"enjoyment\".Sub-divisional police officer (Khed division) of the Pune rural police B R Patil told TOI that cases have been registered on the basis of a video clip and an application by Sagar. Patil added that legal battles are on between father and son. \"We are investigating the case keeping this in mind,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565008", "title": "CBSE to use NSE's software for financial markets management course", "text": "In stock and commodity markets, both speed and accuracy are extremely important. To acquire these skills without losing money in the live market has always been a challenge, particularly for beginners. This problem has been addressed by the National Stock Exchange (NSE) by developing a mock trading software to simulate the live market conditions. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is planning to use this software for students who have opted for the financial markets management (FMM) course in class XI and XII.Students of FMM have 40 marks each for practical skill development in class XI and XII for the vocational paper, introduction to financial markets \u2014 I and II.This software from NSE is called NSE Learn to Trade (NLT). The objective of NLT is to develop investment and trading skills needed in financial markets without financial loss. According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, NLT is a web-based software and students can practise and develop the skills in the financial market simulation labs in the school as well as from their home using laptops or personal computers.The NLT has nine modules. However, students will learn and practice only six of the following modules, three each in class XI and XII. The remaining modules are for higher classes.FOR CLASS XIIntroduction to Financial Markets-INumeric Speed Accelerator (NSA) -The objective of NSA is to develop speed and accuracy with numbers and basic arithmetical operators , without seeing the key boardFunction Key Accelerator (FKA) -The objective of FKA is to develop familiarity with the name of the shares, their symbols, prices and quantity, using frequently used function keys such as TAB, ENTER, etcTrading Skill Accelerator (TSA) -The objective of TSA is to improve both the speed and accuracy in punching the buy/sell order, one at a time, graduating from a speed of 15 seconds to one second.FOR CLASS XIIIntroduction to Financial Markets-IIArithmetic Skill Accelerator (ASA) -The objective of ASA is to develop the mental arithmetic calculation skills in the quickest possible time so that students can work out profit /loss, quantity bought/sold, etcNOW Simulation for equity shares (NSS)- NOW is the live trading platform of NSE on Computer to Computer Link (CTCL) used by the trading members. The NSS module simulates this live trading platform for the equity market as a first step to learn realtime tradingNOW Simulation Equity Derivatives (NSD) -The objective of NSD is to provide virtual trading platform to students to develop trading and risk management skills using equity derivatives - Futures &amp; Options (F&O;).Minimum hours'Students are required to practise on NLT software from NSE at least for 60 hours each in class XI and XII to develop required practical skills in financial markets. A student who fails to practise for 120 hours on NLT software shall not be allowed to appear for the final practical examination of introduction to financial markets II in class XII,\" says Joshi.Management reportsThe principal, teachers from schools, CBSE as well as NSE will monitor the progress of student/school through various management reports generated by NLT. The reports include practice time by students, competency achieved in different module in speed and accuracy , progress, etc.Practicals &amp; skill testingThe final board exam for the practical of 40 marks each will also be conducted through the NLT software in the respective schools. For breakup of marks for the practical examination in financial market management. NSE will also be organising a free training workshop for FMM for skill development through NLT software on September 19 at NSE office in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565216", "title": "Will steer Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University out of all fuss, says B Ashok", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: One of the priority tasks for Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU) would be to award university campus construction works without any controversies, university vice-chancellor B Ashok told TOI. Ashok was reinstated as the vice-chancellor last Monday after the high court ruled that his removal was illegal.\"We are reviewing the circumstances under which the university scrapped the decision to award part of the work to civil construction wing of the BSNL,\" he told TOI. However, he added that there is no indication that there were any ulterior motives behind the decision. \"Some judgement errors may have occurred. The revised programme will address these with adequate legal scrutiny,\" he said.On June 28 KVASU management meeting chaired acting vice-chancellor and chief secretary K Jayakumar cancelled the Rs 35-crore contract that the university had inked with the civil construction wing of BSNL to build its campus in Wayanad, citing no specific reasons. It had also decided to invite fresh quotations for developing the master plan of the university with a much diluted qualification criteria. This later created uproar in the assembly and the agriculture minister asked the vice chancellor to furnish an explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565095", "title": "A chance to be creative", "text": "Delhi University is all about students engaged in more besides academics, with its several societies and clubs in different colleges. The Alumni Fraternity (TAF) is one such society, created and run by a group of university students. Set up in 2009, by two first-year students of Shaheed Sukhdev college of Business Studies (CBS), the society is now a part of 40 DU colleges and across other universities as well.The society was set up at first, as a platform for students to interact, even after graduating, by keeping them constructively engaged in the process of learning through various activities and community outreach projects.\"Through TAF, we try to engage with institutes , students and alumni and involve fresh students every year in the group activities and community projects,\" says Parveen Bajaj, member of TAF and finalyear student of BCom (Programme), Daulat Ram College (DRC).\"When freshers come in college, most of them want to join the popular societies like dramatics, music, etc. They do not get a chance to know about the other creative activities like mime theatre, fine arts, writing and poetry. In our society, we invite them to be a part of all these lesser-adapted creative arts,\" she says.The TAF members are all set to launch an online radio channel on their website (tafconnect.com), which will act as a platform for students and others to upload their music and videos. The website will also have documentaries uploaded by amateur university students.According to Prashant Gupta, who graduated from CBS, the co-founder of the society and director , TAF Marketing Venture , \"The idea behind the radio channel is to have karaoke songs and not pre-recorded music. Once we have enough content, we will begin standard programming under different genres. We plan to launch the channel by September 15.\"Apart from this, the society also has a division , which works on tying up with corporate groups and companies to offer internships to students matching the profile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15568881", "title": "Mars mission to boost India's credentials for global ventures", "text": "BANGALORE: India's proposed Mars mission in November next year would boost its credentials to take part in possible international collaborative ventures on exploring the Red Planet.\"Besides doing it on its own, ISRO will obviously be roped in an international team, including the United States, Europe and other countries (in possible international missions to Mars in future)\", former Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) Chairman K Kasturirangan, said here.\"And so we will have our own credentials to participate effectively in those (possible international) missions (in future)\", he said, adding, ISRO's Mars mission next year would qualify the space agency for future missions of international character. He said several countries would mount several programmes which ultimately make very effective means of exploring Mars in synergy. \"If you want to do that, you need several of these elements out of which ISRO's search through its own spacecraft will be one of those elements\".Kasturirangan said Mars missions by different countries are trying to look at areas for landing, search for life, Martian composition and surface dynamics and other kinds of indicators. \"So you need quite a lot (of explorations). Ultimately, we are in-situ not there (on Mars). You need explorations before taking decisions\", he added.According to ISRO officials, the cost of the Mars orbiter mission is Rs 450 crore. The venture's main objective is to demonstrate India's technological capability to reach Martian orbit and it would pave the way for future scientific exploratory missions.The Mars orbiter is planned for launch using India's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV-XL) from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre, Sriharikota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15566719", "title": "India lags behind in anti-tobacco drive", "text": "MUMBAI: Smokers may feel discriminated against whenever they see a no-smoking board, but India is still a haven for them.It emerges that India's anti-tobacco drive is still very far from being effective, according to the world's largest tobacco-use study covering three billion people across 16 countries.India banned smoking in public places on October 2, 2008. While the Indian law allows fines for smoking in public places, putting up anti-smoking messages and a ban on sale of tobacco products near schools, little has been done to actually implement these directives.Now, an international survey has underlined these flaws. The most telling commentary is the fact that India has among the slowest quit ratios in the world. In other words, few smokers or tobacco chewers in India have given up the habit in the last four years. It is estimated that 10 lakh Indians lose their life due to diseases such as oral cancer caused by the tobacco habit.The survey, which was done by the Buffalo School of Public Health, was published in the Lancet, a reputed medical journal. Its lead author Gary Giovino has pointed out that 100 million lives were lost prematurely due to tobacco use in the last century. \"In the absence of effective actions, about one billion people worldwide will die prematurely in the next century from tobacco use,\" Giovino has been quoted as saying. Worse, most of these deaths will come in lower- and middle-income countries.While first-world countries such as the UK and the US have registered high quit rates in the last decade, India and China is home to the highest number of tobacco users. While China has 301 million users, India has 274 million users.The study concluded that the tobacco industry's promotion of its products is much better than efforts by various governments to ban them. \"Our data reflect industry efforts to promote tobacco use,\" said the study. \"These include marketing and mass media campaigns by companies that make smoking seem glamorous, especially for women. The industry's marketing efforts also equate tobacco use with Western themes, such as freedom and gender equality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565215", "title": "Intense lobbying in Cong camps, it\u2019s hard time for Chandy, Ramesh", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With All India Congress Committee setting deadline for the KPCC revamp in the state as August 31, chief minister Oommen Chandy and KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala will once again embark on a mission to New Delhi with a list of aspirants for the key posts in the party.The organizational revamp has given much headache to both the leaders as there has been intense lobbying from various leaders for getting a berth. It has created a division in the party such that a group has come out against both Chandy and Chennithala.Senior leaders such as V M Sudheeran has come out in open against these two leaders deciding things both in the party and the government. Leaders like K Muraleedharan, Mullappally Ramachandran, P C Chacko, Vayalar Ravi and Padmaja Venugopal have expressed their concern to the party high command over the way the organizational revamp is being carried out in the state. All these leaders have urged the party leadership in New Delhi that the new office bearers should not be selected based on the group affiliations.Sources said that the party will have a jumbo leadership this time with 15 general secretaries, 20 secretaries and two vice presidents. Apart from this, there will be new district congress presidents in all the districts. For the first time, the party will be adopting one man one rank post such that no MLAs or MPs will be given any responsibility in the party. The KPCC president will be the only exception.Sources said that both Chandy and Chennithala are expected to reach New Delhi on Monday for a final discussion with the party high command. Most of the staunch loyalists of these leaders are also flying to Delhi for lobbying. Two sets of names for each DCC chiefs have been finalized that would be submitted before the high command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564348", "title": "NRI allowed to oppose plea in India on Skype", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian judicial system appears to be catching up with the West.Broadening the scope of video conferencing in court cases, still very restricted in the country, the Calcutta high court recently permitted an NRI doctor based in the US to oppose a petition through video conferencing on Skype. Justice Aniruddha Bose allowed Dr Kunal Saha to give oral submissions through Skype and participate in live court hearings where two doctors from the state have challenged cancellation of their medical license by the Medical Council of India. Till now video conferencing as a tool has been primarily utilized for examination of witness or recording of evidence but not for allowing a litigant to argue his case.The Calcutta HC's landmark decision came on Dr Saha's plea, where he urged the court to either fast-track the case to wrap up his arguments during the period he remains in India, or permit him to oppose the two doctors application from his base in Hillard in State of Ohio, US. HC deemed it fit to allow his plea for fighting the case through \"live video conferencing\", brushing aside objections by the West Bengal Medical Council that insisted Dr Saha be present in person to fight the case or not be heard at all.Justice Bose pointed out there is no restriction on use of the facility under the laws, even if they don't clearly spell out under what circumstances it might be used. \"The presence of Dr Saha would be through the computer screen and its audio system, visible and audible to all present in the courtroom when the system is activated. Thus the proceeding would take place in public view only, as per regular court proceeding,\" Justice Bose observed.HC also rejected the argument by WBMC that the NRI would be outside the territorial jurisdiction of the court yet participate in the proceedings. \"If the system can be followed for examining a witness, which the Legislature has prescribed, I don't see any prejudice being caused to any parties in adopting the same system for conducting the hearing which Legislature has not prohibited,\" HC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15569553", "title": "An app that detects stress from your voice", "text": "LONDON: Smartphones may soon be able to tell you where you come across the most stress with the help of a new software that has been developed to identify stress from the patterns in your voice.StressSense is first trained to recognise a person's unstressed voice.To do so, the users must relax and read a 3-minute passage from a book into their phones.The system then compares this recording to its pre-programmed knowledge of the physiological changes that stress induces like speaking at a faster rate and a clipped frequency spectrum.It then takes note of any instances of stress it detects in the voice.\"Our stress model also adapts to different background noise environments,\" New Scientist quoted Hong Lu of Intel in Santa Clara, California, who developed the system, as saying.In tests that included putting volunteers through mock job interviews, the researchers found their prototype's stress-recognition accuracy to be 81 percent indoors and 76 percent outdoors, where sound quality wasn't as good.The team plans to make the system a plug-in to an Android application called BeWell, which uses a phone's accelerometers and GPS sensors to record users' activity and sleep levels.Smartphone users will be able to set StressSense to either listen to their voice throughout the day, or only to activate when they are having a phone conversation.The app will be presented at the Ubicomp conference in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564263", "title": "YSR imprint removed from Aarogyasri", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Aarogyasri scheme may be synonymous with the late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy but the Kiran Kumar Reddy government seems to be going all out to erase the former's name from the populist scheme.Over the last couple of months, a slew of steps have been initiated by the state government at the Aarogyasri Trust's Jubilee Hills head office. Right from the building's name and the trust's letterhead to requisition forms pertaining to the scheme, the government has ensured that YSR's name and picture -marks borne by anything related to the scheme until sometime back - are wiped out.The multi-storied office that was inaugurated in December 2009, two months after YSR's death in a helicopter crash, had been named Dr YSR Bhavan through an unopposed board resolution. However, today it is only referred to as the Aarogyasri Healthcare Trust. The 'Dr YSR Bhavan' nameplate which carried the legend inscribed in English and Telugu, was recently dislodged from the building. Next to go was a life-size portrait of YSR that had adorned the wall at the entrance which was put up at the time of inauguration. That too has been done away with and is now lying in the storeroom. YSR's mugshot on the preauthorisation forms, diagnostic test requisition forms and admission OP slips, too, have disappeared.Sources said that the health cards to be issued to all state government employees as part of the Employee Healthcare Fund, too, are most likely to bear a photograph of incumbent CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy.Old-timers at the Aarogyasri office contend that the scheme is widely known as having been YSR's pet scheme and believe that these changes would hardly make much of a difference. \"Aarogyasri is instinctively associated with YSR. But slowly and gradually, they are trying to efface that association. It was expected,\" said a senior doctor at a state-run hospital. The CM happens to be the chairman of the Aarogyasri trust while minister for medical education and health insurance Kondru Murli Mohan is its vice-chairman. Other members include principal sectary of health department, K Ratna Kishore, principal secretary of rural development department, R Subrahmanyam, principal secretary of finance D Sambhasiva Rao and director of medical education, Vishnu Prasad, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15565473", "title": "Pradyumn, Ameya win Micro Max final", "text": "HYDERABAD: Diminutive drivers exhibited exhilarating skills in the Micro Max final of the 9th JK Tyre Rotax Max National Karting Championship at Lahari Resorts on Sunday.Pradyumn V Danigond and overnight leader Mira Kirit Erda tried to outsmart each other at every corner before the former nosed ahead at the final turn to emerge victorious. Kush Maini of Team Maini Racing was in cruise control throughout the Junior Max final to romp home in 12 min 26.802 seconds , a good 3.479 seconds ahead of runner-up Abhirath Shetty of Team Meco Racing. Dhruv Mohite of Team Mohites Racing finished third in 12 min 40.495 seconds.Ameya Bafna of Team Rayo Racing led from start to finish in the Senior Max category . Chittesh Mandody of Mohites Racing and Mithun Ganatra of Maini Racing completed the podium.Mira, who won the pre-finals on Saturday dominated the 15-lap race before conceding the race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564659", "title": "Where was Vikas Yadav last Diwali: HC asks authorities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Where was Vikas Yadav on the night of October 26, 2011 when he was escorted out from AIIMS so that he could celebrate Diwali? The Delhi high court wants to know the answer from the state government and Tihar jail authorities.A division bench comprising Justice Gita Mittal and Justice V K Shali last week sought a response from the authorities as well as Vikas, after Neelam Katara, mother of the victim demanded an independent probe into his absence from AIIMS. HC's suspicions were strengthened by the police's admission that two of its personnel were involved in escorting Vikas out from AIIMS, when they were assigned to keep a watch over him.In an affidavit, police informed HC that the two policemen were dismissed from service for facilitating the convict's absence on 'Diwali' night last year. The lawyer for the police told the bench that \"a head constable and a constable have been dismissed from service last month for their failure to perform their duty\" after an enquiry revealed they colluded with Vikas.Even as it sought a reply from the police, HC went through a report by the medical board of Army's Research and Referral (R&R;) Hospital that said most of the visits and admissions in hospital by Vikas and Vishal Yadav were not needed.Meanwhile the court also observed the upgradation of Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital near Tihar is required to stop the jail inmates from going to various other hospitals for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15564184", "title": "Squads to check illegal land filling under lens", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district administration has constituted a special squad exclusively to conduct surprise inspections to monitor the work of the three taluk-level squads formed to check illegal filling of wetland and paddy fields in the district.The team will work under the leadership of deputy collector, land reforms.The move was to ensure the strict implementation of the Kerala Paddy and Wetland (Conservation) Act, 2008.The district collector has constituted the squad after the district administration started receiving 'nil' report about the illegal filling of paddy lands in the district for the past three weeks.It is learnt that some village officers in the district are turning a blind eye to illegal land-filling activities.The squad will take on-the-spot action in case it comes across violation of the Act. Stringent actions, including suspension of officials involved in illegal land filling, will be initiated as part of the move.District collector K V Mohankumar said the special squad was formed to assess the ground reality in the district.\"A junior superintendent in the land and reform section with the help of officials in the section concerned will conduct surprise visits in the district to check and assess the real status of the implementation of the Act,\" said the collector.\"We have come across more than 100 cases of illegal filling of paddy and wetlands in the district within three months. Actions including prosecution process against those involved in such acts have been started,\" he said.The three taluk-level committees including Kozhikode, Vadakara and Koyilanday headed by respective tehsildars were constituted four months back to take action against illegal filling of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15563154", "title": "BEd counselling: Defaulter colleges included in list", "text": "ROHTAK: Despite identifying several BEd colleges running only on paper or with minimal infrastructure and faculty too have been allowed to enroll students by the affiliating universities of Haryana.The Kurukshetra university is conducting the centralized online admission for these universities this year to fill 57000 BEd seats in 466 colleges across Haryana.Though the MDU has identify about 173 colleges which are unfit to run the courses in absence of building or teaching faculty and bracketed them in C grade. Of these 16 colleges exists only on paper as the varsity inspection team failed to find any record of its building or faculty anywhere. Similarly, the Kurukshetra university has also identified certain education colleges by categorizing these colleges as C grade.However, the MDU has clarified in an advertisement \"students shall take admission in C grade colleges at their own risk and responsibility as admission in these colleges would be purely provisional and subject to final decision against whom disciplinary proceedings are pending at the university level. The KU too has stated that admission in C grade colleges are at students' risk and responsibility subject to final decision of university.Though both these varsities though stated that the details of category wise colleges is uploaded on its website. But the details were yet to be made available on websites on Sunday even as admission process has been on since August 16.The MDU has barred only two colleges owned by controversial Joginder Dalal and allowed all other colleges including 16 colleges which were alloted zero marks by the inspection committee team of the varsity due to unavailability of its building and faculty. The varsity gives marks to each BEd college on a scale of 100 for having teaching and non-teaching staff (50 %), building (25%) and laboratory/library (25%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565415", "title": "4 daily wage workers held, total arrests 20", "text": "Adugodi police have arrested four daily wage workers for allegedly threatening northeastern people, taking the total number of arrests to 20.According to complainant V Shivato, resident of Shastrinagar, Koramangala, the accused threatened him on the night of August 17. Shivato is a hotel employee in the same area. \"I was walking home at night when the four accosted and threatened me. They asked me to leave the city immediately,'' he said in his complaint. The accused were identified as Nazir Karim, 20, Imran Rehman Khan, 19, and Sheikh Jaffer Pyarejaan, 20 all residents of Kormanagala and Imran Sardar, 22, of Neelasandra. They have been booked under IPC Sections 141 (unlawful assembly), 153 (wantonly giving provocation with intent to cause riot) and 506 (criminal intimidation).Police chief BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said, \"Till Sunday evening, we have arrested 20 men.\" All the arrested have been remanded in judicial custody and sent to Parappana Agrahara jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563870", "title": "Stop discrimination against opposition-ruled states: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accusing the UPA of mismanaging the economy for over eight years, the BJP called upon the government to honour the federal structure of governance and stop discriminating against NDA and other non-Congress ruled states. BJP-ruled states had managed to deliver inclusive growth despite obstacles and step-motherly treatment meted out to them by the Centre, senior party leader Yashwant Sinha said after the BJP chief ministers' conclave.\"The feeling that I got from the chief ministers was one of complete despair about the manner of functioning of the UPA government,\" he said.Asked if this conclave was held to convey to the BJP chief ministers, most of whom are set to face assembly elections within a year, to get battle-ready, Sinha said though this was not exactly the aim of the meeting, there would be nothing wrong in arriving at this conclusion.\"The mismanagement of the national economy has had a direct fallout on the state governments' ability to implement their various development and welfare schemes. Investments are slowing. State governments are required to spend more and more from their own revenues,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15564160", "title": "Amid violence, masjid stands tall", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Amid destruction, loss of lives and displacement of lakhs of people here in lower Assam, the Kokrajhar Jame Maszid still stands tall and lofty with the devout offering prayers and preparations are on to celebrate Eid with pomp and gaiety on Monday.Located at the corner of the main town weekly market, about 50 Muslim families live around the masjid, and many Bodo and Bengali families as well. The masjid is located near the Bodo village of Maiderkhoro.The masjid committee extended an invitation to many local citizens and they are likely to come and partake in the joy of the occasion, sources said.It may be mentioned that the recent Bodo-Muslim clashes in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area saw an unprecedented number of people \u2014 about four lakh \u2014 being displaced; more than 77 people were killed in the violence which flared up two days after the killing of four Bodo youths at Narabari, about a kilometer to the south of Kokrajhar police station on July 20.Some of the prominent invitees are Maulana Abdul Malik, Shahjehan Ali, secretary Kokrajhar Jame Maszid Committee and Ismail Hussain, a Bodo teacher who once headed the Bodo department in Bodoland University, Kokrajhar, besides others.Talking to TOI at the masjid premises, Maulana said, \"About 40 to 50 Muslim families live in the surrounding areas of the masjid; they are here helping us in the preparations. We intend to celebrate Eid with our usual zeal. We know very few of us remain here with many people from the community having fled their homes due to violence elsewhere in the district. We don't know how many of them will come to the masjid tomorrow (Monday).\"The lecturer of Bodoland University, Ismail Hussain, said, \"We used to live in peaceful coexistence and I sincerely believe we can still bring back the good old days. I urge all people to forget the past and build on the future as only love among all people irrespective of religions would heal the wounds and bring permanent peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "15565059", "title": "MLA hoists tricolour upside down, civic body secretary booked", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: A secretary of Ladwa town municipal committee in Kurukshetra district has been booked for negligence due to which the national flag was hoisted upside down on Independence Day.K L Bhatla was booked on the complaint of Bahadur Singh, a resident of a village, who was an eyewitness to the unfurling of the Tricolour during a function organized by the civic body on August 15.Though the flag was hoisted by Sher Singh Badshami, INLD MLA and deputy leader of opposition, at a function held at the MC complex of Ladwa sub-urban township, since the secretary was responsible for making all the arrangements, including the unfurling of the national flag, he was booked for negligence.It was after Bahadur lodged a protest that Bhatla was booked under various sections of Prevention of Insult to National Honour Act, 1971.\"As the flag was unfurled, it was found to be upside down. Following this, Bahadur, who was present on the spot, raised objection and the Tricolour was re-hoisted. Meanwhile, locals joined him in lodging the complaint. Initially, the police dilly-dallied but later registered the case,\" said Hari Pal Singh, a villager and an eyewitness.\"During investigations, the secretary was indicted for negligence in performing duty which led to the incident. We are investigating the case and an appropriate action will follow,'' said inspector Chhote Lal, SHO, Ladwa police station.When contacted, Batla, the accused official, denied the allegations. \"I was on leave that day. I did not know who did all this. If I was on leave, I can not say how the case was registered against me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15562995", "title": "Injustice to Gujarat all gas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat gets the highest share of gas supplies in the country, yet charges the highest Value Added Tax (VAT) from its citizens and supplies cheap gas to industrial houses. This was stated by Union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas R P N Singh, who was in the city on Sunday. The minister was reacting to anonymous advertisements in TV news channels over the last few days, which alleged that the Centre was doing injustice to Gujarat by allocating minuscule gas supply.Singh said that in 2010-11, Gujarat was supplied 63.25 million metric standard cubic metres per day (MMSCMD) of natural gas which was close to 40 per cent of the nation's total supply of 162.1 MMSCMD. This year Gujarat was allocated 33.42 per cent of the total 153.53 MMSCMD gas supplied in the country.\"The Gujarat government, instead, owes an explanation to its people on why it charges the highest VAT on petroleum products in the country at 15 per cent. The middle class is the most hit. Elsewhere in the country, VAT is charged any where between 0 and 4 per cent,\" Singh said.In terms of domestic gas supply, which is sold through administered price mechanism (APM), Gujarat gets the lion's share of 27 per cent in the country according to the minister. Delhi gets 8 per cent and Maharashtra 15 per cent. Besides, the APM gas that reaches homes as piped natural gas (PNG) and compressed natural gas (CNG) at stations is supplied to Gujarat, Delhi and Maharashtra at US$ 4.2 per million metric British thermal units.Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia added, \"Cheap central gas was mixed with imported gas procured at the rate of US$ 16 and supplied to homes and gas stations. This is grave injustice to Gujarat by the state government.\"\"How can anyone say the central government is partial to Gujarat? The biggest petrochemical complexes and refineries were set here during Congress rule. In recent years, oil companies have been investing heavily in Gujarat. Our Gandhar project is investing Rs 3,500 crore. ONGC is in the process of investing more than Rs 8 lakh crore in the last few years and GAIL has invested Rs 1,400 crore in the last five years.\"Congress leaders accused that the anonymous advertisements were given in the local media via the state's information department. They accused the government of spending public money to spread lies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564446", "title": "Army jawan spends third day on tower", "text": "NEW DELHI: An armyman, who climbed a 200-foot-high mobile tower here alleging harassment, refused to come down for the third day on Sunday, adamant on his demand to speak to the defence minister over his complaints.K Muthu, who is attached with Engineers Regiment, climbed the tower at Ajmeri Gate at around 1pm on Friday and refused to come down till late night despite appeals by police and officers of Army, a senior police official said.The 35-year-old sepoy in Army said he wants to meet the defence minister. Colleagues from his unit are taking turns to be with him atop the tower and trying to convince him but in vain.Hailing from Tuticorin district of Tamil Nadu , Muthu has alleged he was transferred five times in five years.On Friday, he had thrown a bunch of papers and in one of the letters, he demanded discharge from service due to alleged harassment of seniors. In the letter, he has also requested the commanding officer to get his salary cleared of last eight months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564855", "title": "\u2018Courts should protect witnesses\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ruing that witnesses were being won over in criminal cases, a Delhi court has said courts should come forward to protect them or else criminals would have a field day.\"The witness is backbone of the criminal justice system and if the backbone is broken, the whole criminal justice system would crumble,\" additional sessions judge Gurdeep Singh said. \"If the courts do not come forward to rescue the witnesses and use power to give sentence to the fullest, the witness would not have any sense of security and the criminal will have a field day.\"The ASJ made the observation while sentencing 27-year-old Kuldeep to a 10-year term and imposing a fine of Rs 50,000 for attempting to murder one Sachin Bhardwaj, who was a witness against him in a robbery case. Kuldeep threatened him and finally won him over.The prosecution said Kuldeep and his accomplice, all residents of northwest Delhi, had beaten up Sachin and two others and looted them on September 3, 2009. When a case of robbery was registered against them, Kuldeep had asked Sachin not to depose against him. When Sachin did not agree, Kuldeep shot at Sachin who was hit in the leg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564838", "title": "Property dealer resists robbers, shot at in East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 40-year-old property dealer was shot at by two unidentified assailants during a robbery bid in the Vishwas Nagar area of east Delhi on Sunday.The victim has been identified as Manish Goyal, who is undergoing treatment at a private hospital, police said. The incident took place around 9am when Goyal was walking towards his office.Police said Goyal was carrying a bag containing some cash and property documents when he was waylaid near Bheem Gali.According to eyewitnesses, the duo were riding a bike and the one on pillion tried to snatch the bag from Goyal and a scuffle ensued when the victim resisted. The robber then opened fire and shot three rounds, one of which, hit Goyal in his back as he was trying to flee from the spot, police said.In a bid to save his life, Goyal ran inside a nearby juice shop, but was followed by the robbers. As the victim raised alarm, locals began to gather forcing the duo to escape.A passerby informed police and the victim was taken to a nearby hospital. Hospital sources said he was under observation but out of danger. Police have begun investigations after registering a case of robbery. \"Prima facie it appears that the robbers were tipped off about the money Goyal was carrying. We suspect an insider's role. His relatives, friends, staff, colleagues and fellow property dealers in the area are being questioned,\" the source said.Meanwhile the police have not been able to solve the case of robbery of around 63 lakhs which had taken place a week back in Vivek Vihar area of East Delhi. Several people have been questioned but a breakthrough is still awaited.The four employees of Victory Service Station, a petrol pump, were on their way to a bank when two men on a bike forced their car to stop and opened fire. While two of the workers were critically injured, another was hit by a bullet but is reportedly out of danger. The fourth \u2014 manager Puneet Bansal (29) \u2014 escaped unhurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar market", "code": "15563790", "title": "Amateur photographers form club, zoom in on city's beauty", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR MARKET: Fifteen amateur lensmen of the city formed Photography Enthusiasts Group (PEG) to promote the skill in the city. Celebrating the new club on World Photography Day on Sunday, the new members gathered in Sarabha Nagar, sharing knowledge and interesting tidbits about photography.This group aims at highlighting the beauty of Ludhiana through their lenses and includes people from various professional backgrounds such as engineers, web designers and even a banker.The founder members include BRS Nagar residents Rupen Kaushal and Sanjeev Kar, Rahon Road resident Deepak Roy, Haibowal resident Umesh Ghai, Gill Road residents Harpreet Singh, Aadbir Singh and Jeewan Kanika, Vikas Nagar resident Sameer Ray, Rajguru Nagar resident Manvir Singh, Ferozepur Road resident Gaurav and Akash Nagar resident Shikhar. Manvir says the founder members have known each other as mutual friends on social networking sites and stay in constant touch. \"We have been meeting on Sunday at various spots in the city over the last eight months and the plan to form a group was a result of our confluence. We thought World Photography Day would be the right day to bring the group in existence,\" adds Manvir.Sanjeev says he hopes the group serves as an informal institution of learning for every photographer attached with it. \"We would soon get our group registered and organize an exhibition in the city,\" he adds.Umesh Ghai says the group would have a location dedicated to a library of the work of all its members. The members would invite professionals in the art of photography to share their knowledge and learn, adds Ghai.In 1985, the city had got another photography group called Club 35 formed by photography enthusiasts of the city including managing director of GS Radiators Ranjodh Singh, Janmeja Singh Johl, Tej Pratap Singh Sandhu, Jaswant Singh, AP Singh and Mann Singh Toor. This club remained functional for long organizing promotional exhibitions and photography activities in city and continues to exist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565442", "title": "Over 20,000 policemen will patrol Bangalore city today", "text": "A high alert has been sounded in Bangalore in the wake of the alleged perception among northeast people in the city that they will be targeted.The top bosses of the state's security establishment will personally man night patrolling on Sunday and Monday to instil confidence among NE people. On Sunday night, deputy chief minister in charge of home R Ashoka visited Neelsandra mosque and attended an iftar in which northeastern representatives took part. Ashoka later left for Annepalya and Koramangala. State DG&IG; Lalrokhuma Pachau, ADGP (law &amp; order) Bipin Gopalakrishna and Bangalore city police commissioner B G Jyothiprakash Mirji accompanied Ashoka.Besides, City police have put in place elaborate security arrangements for Eid celebrations on Monday. Nearly 22,000 police personnel will man the city. The city police have also hired digital cameras and CCTVs to keep a hawk's eye on the city. Armed with cameras, plainclothesmen will be patrolling the city in private vehicles.Mirji said on Sunday that three companies each from the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Rapid Action Force (RAF) will stage flag marches in the sensitive areas. Besides, 25 Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) platoons and 35 City Armed Reserve (CAR) platoons have also been deployed. Each platoon has 30 personnel. In all, 600 Home Guards and 1,500 trainee policemen too will be part of the bandobust duty. \"The CRPF and RAF companies are already carrying out flag marches in sensitive areas and these exercises have been successful in instilling a sense of confidence in northeastern people,\" he said.A police officer said that all 9 city deputy commissioners of police will be on night patrol. They will be accompanied by assistant commissioners. \"While the DCPs will be on patrol till 1 am, the ACPs will be on rounds till morning,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565315", "title": "20 cities to come under integrated sewerage scheme", "text": "PATNA: Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar, on Sunday, said work on integrated sewerage scheme, solid waste management and river front management is being undertaken in 20 cities along the river Ganga in the state with the assistance of the Centre.The minister, who on Saturday reviewed the functioning of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), said that the 20 cities to be covered under the plan are: Patna , Danapur Nizamat, Fatuha, Bakhtiyarpur, Hajipur, Chhapra, Buxar, Dighwara, Sonepur, Revilganj, Ara, Begusarai, Bhagalpur, Munger, Sultanganj, Naugachia, Khagaul, Barahaiya, Barh and Mokama. He said that river front development also includes construction of dhobi ghat, graveyard and public latrines.The minister said funds had already been sanctioned to four of the 20 cities and the share of the Centre and state is 70:30. He said work had started at Hajipur, Begusarai and Buxar.The minister said under Hajipur Sewerage Plan, sewerage treatment plants of 22 lakh litre daily capacity would be constructed while sewerage treatment plants of 16 lakh litre capacity would be constructed under Buxar sewerage plan. Sewerage treatment plant of 17 lakh litre daily capacity under Begusarai Sewerage Plan and 30 lakh litre daily capacity under Munger Sewerage Plan would be constructed. All these projects would be completed in two years.The minister directed the officials concerned to prepare detailed project report (DPR) for the remaining 16 cities and send it to the centre by September. He also directed the officials to prepare city sanitation plans (CSP) for 16 cities by November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563113", "title": "Police nab woman for ferrying liquor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Gujarat University police station nabbed a woman for ferrying liquor, along with an auto driver, early on Saturday morning and seized IMFL worth Rs 12,000 from her.According to investigators, a team of GU police was on patrol when they spotted a woman going in an auto. Upon questioning, the duo said that they were going towards Bhudarpura. When the officials got suspicious and checked their belongings, they found 24 tins of beer and 24 bottles of various brands of IMFL.\"The woman was identified as Anila Thakor, a resident of Jivraj Park, Vejalpur. She was rounded up for violation of prohibition laws along with the auto driver.\"\"In her statement, she mentioned that she had to look after two children following separation from her husband and thus started working as a carrier for a bootlegger in Asarwa,\" said a GU police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15564464", "title": "Water board harvests rainwater in office", "text": "HUBLI: The Hubli-Dharwad water board is supplying water to all 67 wards and has become a role model for the public. It has setup a rainwater harvesting system in its premises here and is successfully utilizing the rainwater for drinking and other use purpose.To overcome drinking water problems and diseases related to it during the rain, the city water board undertook an initiative with new technology on an experimental basis in its building here and proved rainwater can be use for drinking purpose.The water board department of Hubli-Dharwad unit has taken an initiative to use rainwater as drinking water in its office premises which it states is free from virus and bacteria. For the last few months, employees and public use the purified rainwater for drinking purposes.Rainwater, which falls on the roof of building, is channeled to the primary filter with well-connected pipelines. After the completion of primary filter, with the help of metal and charcoal, rainwater is stored in a water storage tank. Later, this water gets filtered with ultrasonic water treatment system and will be available for drinking purpose.The water board building has pipelines connected to water storage tanks. The board has kept three tanks of 500 litres each for rainwater storage purpose with the remaining sent to a borewell refilling unit.\"Hubli gets around four months of rain from June to September. During the summer, with unoccasional rain, for nearly five months we use stored rainwater for drinking purpose. For the remaining months, we use bore well water for drinking,\" said source from water board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564663", "title": "Muslim girls\u2019 enrolment in primary schools up 33% against average of 5%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ilma Sajid lives in a joint family in an ancient house in the congested lanes of Bulbuli Khana, Old Delhi. But she travels everyday to an English medium school in east Delhi.Her name 'Ilma' means one who is knowledgeable, explains her mother Farhana. \"Ilma wants to become either a teacher or a doctor \u2014 and we will support her till she fulfils her desire,\" she says.It's a heartening story that is being repeated in many households. Muslim students' enrolment in primary schools is surging at a time when overall enrolment is either stagnating or even declining in some states. Between 2007-08 and 2010-11, Muslim enrolment in classes I to V (primary) shot up by 25% and for classes VI to VIII (upper primary) by 50% across the country, according to data collected from the country's 1.36 million elementary schools by the National University of Educational Planning &amp; Administration. For classes I to VIII as a whole, this marked a rise of 31%.In the same period, total enrolment in class I to V inched up by just 1% and for class VI to VIII by 12%. For class 1 to VIII, this marked a rise of 4%.Girls' enrollment has blazed ahead even faster than boys in the Muslim community. For primary sections, Muslim girls' enrollment increased by 26% compared to just 1% increase in all girls' enrolment. For upper primary sections, Muslim girls' enrollment increased 54% while for all girls it rose 15%. For Classes I to VIII, the enrolment was up 33% for Muslim girls against an overall average of 5%.Ilma is the youngest of Farhana's four children, and the only daughter. Her father runs a small bangle shop. Both her parents did not complete school but they are actively involved in the daughter's education. \"We can't do much in terms of guiding her in studies,\" says Farhana, \"but we send Ilma to camps and we get her all the material that she needs.\"This is the new generation of young Muslim parents, which is driving an incredible surge in the quest for education in a community that was always blamed for being backward and conservative, especially with regard to girls' education.Saima, Ilma's aunt, has three daughters, no son. \"People call me unfortunate because I don't have any son,\" she says. \"But my daughters will all become so successful that we will be recognized and respected as their parents.\"Her daughters study in Classes II, V and VI, respectively, in a well-known convent school. They want to become IAS/IPS officers or doctors, says Saima, perhaps weaving her own dreams into her daughters' thoughts. But that is what drives this family.Rehana, a socially active person in the area, says there are still many Muslim families who are unable to send their kids to school. \"There is too much poverty, and the price rise has broken the backs of poorer families,\" she rues. But there is no doubt that among the Muslim community, there is a passionate urge to get education, says Rehana.As Saima says, \"I tell my husband \u2014 we may miss some meals, but my three angels will get the best education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567988", "title": "Bawra Mann ... The Heart Needs No Reason", "text": "CreditsWriter-Director: Mitu Cast: Sakshi Tanwar, Nishikant Kamat, Sandeep Shrivastava, Anand Tiwari, Ram Menon Banner: Positive ThinkerzSynopsisBawra Mann , one of the first Short films to be shot on Red format, is about today's urban woman and the choices she makes in life.Rohit (Nishikant Kamat) is a struggling writer living in a cramped flat in a middle class suburb of Mumbai. He is thrust upon with the task of writing an erotic pulp fiction novel much against his sensibilities. As he starts writing the novel, the world of his characters opens up, in front of him.There's protagonist, Pallavi (Sakshi Tanwar), her workaholic husband, Sharad (Sandeep Shrivastava) and their humdrum marriage. Enter Vinay (Anand Tiwari); a younger version of Sharad...and therein begins a conflict within Pallavi who is out to explore her options....Writing about this forbidden territory, Rohit's conventional thinking confronts his personal demons.... At one level, the story is of Rohit and his inner struggle... where his heart reasons to go one way, but his needs drag him the other way.The film was showcased at the Lucerne International Film Festival 2011, official selection at the London Lift-Off Film Festival and the La Femme International Film Festival 2011. It also got the Award for Excellence in the Best Shorts Competition CA 2011.The film is also a part of the Official Selection in the following festivals in 2012: Jaipur International Film Festival, Wow International Film Festival, Sydney , Australia, Los Angeles International Film Festival &amp; India International Youth Film Festival, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "delhi/colombo", "code": "15562650", "title": "India upset over prime plot in Colombo being sold to China", "text": "DELHI/COLOMBO: As India looks at China's growing involvement in Sri Lanka with unease, a Rs 100 crore plot in the heart of Colombo has turned into the latest bone of contention between the two Asian giants in the island nation. While the plot on the prestigious Galle Road, owned by a private agency, was said to have been promised to the Indian high commission, it turns out that the same plot has been allotted to a Chinese state-owned aviation company which also maintains close links with Pakistan , leading India to strongly take up the matter with the Sri Lankan foreign ministry.The Indian high commission had completed all formalities and was in touch with the Sri Lankan foreign ministry, which has to clear such purchases by any foreign mission, for the sale of the plot as it wanted to build a cultural centre there. It came as an absolute surprise to Indian authorities when they learnt that the plot was being sold to China National Aero Technology Import and Export Corporation (CATIC), China's aircraft manufacturer.In fact, Colombo has been set abuzz by reports in the local media about how angry India was and how it had even summoned Sri Lankan high commissioner Prasad Kariyawasam to make its displeasure known. Without confirming or denying it, Indian officials said they will soon come up with a response. They also said that they were still waiting to hear officially from Sri Lanka about the sale to China.While CATIC is essentially a defence contractor with aviation being its core interest, it has also made forays into the hospitality industry and is likely to build a 5-star hotel on the plot. It is also responsible for the China-Pakistan joint venture to manufacture JF-17 fighter aircraft which is seen as Pakistan's answer to India's Tejas.While the sale of a plot to the Chinese may seem innocuous, the fact that it may come at the expense of India is likely to further exacerbate India's growing concerns over Beijing successfully expanding its base in Sri Lanka. India is worried that the Chinese may acquire operational control of projects in the strategic sector like the Hambantota port and airport.In an interview to TOI earlier this month, President Mahinda Rajapaksa made his displeasure over India's vote at the UN Human Rights Commission against Sri Lanka known by calling upon New Delhi to have a relook at its dealings with its neighbours. The president, in fact, didn't answer the question about China getting operational control of projects saying it was a hypothetical query.While he insisted that there was no strategic drift in Sri Lanka's position and that it will continue to remain a non-aligned country, he acknowledged increasing investments from China and also help from the Chinese in ending the conflict three years ago. \"When we had to fight the most brutal terrorist outfit in the world, we had to buy arms and ammunition from legal entities that were ready to sell them to us at the best terms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563586", "title": "Sobti appointed first VC of DAV University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: R C Sobti, former Panjab University vice-chancellor, has been appointed as the first vice-chancellor of DAV University, which would be a deemed university at Jalandhar on Sunday. A decision in this regard was taken at the meeting of DAV College Managing Committee held under the chairmanship of president Punam Suri at its headquarters in New Delhi.Speaking on the occasion, Suri said DAV University would not be an ordinary one but a novel university which would have the thrust in research work. a??Curriculum and syllabus would be drafted in consultation with industrial sector so that students who graduate from here are absorbed in jobs,a?? he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568922", "title": "'Husbands in Goa' music to unveil this week", "text": "Saji Surendran's much hyped Malaylam film Husbands in Goa is finally set for release. The film which saw a few delays as the team was working extra hard on the post production. Now, with things totally under control, the team plans to launch the film's music with an exclusive do on August 25.\"The film was supposed to be ready for release back in July. But the team wanted more time to work on the technical aspects during post production. The production house was more than willing to give them all the time they wanted as it has high expectations from this comic caper,\" says a source close to the development.\"On Saturday, the film's music by MG Sreekumar will be launched in Kochi, in the presence of all the technicians and cast of the film,\" adds a source. Considered to be the sequel to Saji's earlier film Happy Husbands , the film stars Indrajith, Jayasurya, Asif Ali, Lal, Rima Kallingal, Bhama and Remya Nambeesan in the lead roles. Leena Maria debuts with a glam role too. The film is expected to hit the screens this September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568437", "title": "Is Katrina going the Hema Malini way?", "text": "After Kareena Kapoor who got to work with all three Khans in the last one-and-a-half year or so, now it's her rival Katrina Kaif's turn to have the exciting phase in her career. Katrina Kaif is working with all three Khans this year, bringing it in with Salman Khan in Ek Tha Tiger, followed by Yash Raj's untitled venture with Shah Rukh Khan and Dhoom 3 with Aamir Khan .And with Ek Tha Tiger storming the box office, Bollywood's lucky mascot Katrina, whose career has been compared to Hema Malini , has proved lucky yet again as the film goes on to rake unprecedented figures. It may be recalled that at the time of the release of Rajneeti , director Prakash Jha had said, \"Katrina has no idea of her popularity. She has a very deep connect with audiences. She has the kind of image that Hema had.\"Says a trade source, \"Katrina has been part of some of the huge commercial films, right from Welcome, Singh is King, Race, Rajneeti, Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, and adding to that hit roster now is Ek Tha Tiger that has gone on to garner historic figures. Katrina has always been associated with the right films and is dedicated both in her performances as well as experiencing the film making process, right through the filming to the promotions.\"While the action-entertainer makes for the actress's 13th hit so far, critics and audiences alike don't hold back praise for Katrina, who was lauded for her dignified performance and action sequences. Says critic and trade analyst Taran Adarsh, \"Katrina is not relegated to the backseat. Neither is she arm candy here. She has a meaty part and to her credit, she handles it with aplomb. Also, watch out for her stunts... This is a new Katrina here!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563282", "title": "Shackles off, govt to set up home for mentally ill", "text": "CHENNAI: The government has decided to build a home to care for the mentally ill patients fettered at the Erwadi shrine in coastal Ramanathapuram district.Three days ago, The Times of India reported that mentally ill patients at the Quthbus Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Valiyullah dargah (shrine) in Erwadi were shackled to trees on the compound. Ramanathapuram district collector K Nanthakumar was quick to react and said the government would set up a separate home for the patients and provide proper medical care.\"The government has granted approval; the home will be ready in a year,\" the collector said. \"The 50-bed home will come up close to the dargah. But the exact location and the budget are yet to be finalised,\" he said. \"It will have a permanent psychiatrist and trained professionals to take care of the patients. Once the home is ready, all the patients will be shifted to this facility.\"\"Until the home comes up, a government psychiatrist will periodically visit the patients at the shrine, and if anyone is found in chains, will be released immediately and shifted to hospital,\" he said.The authorities have also decided to check on the shrine more often for chained patients. \"A team of officials from health, revenue and police does conduct surprise inspection at the dargah once in three months. Now, we will visit the place more frequently,\" Nanthakumar said.District health officials said there were barely enough psychiatrists to care for the patients in the district. \"Ramanathapuram district has a population of 13.5 lakh. But there is only one psychiatrist at the government hospital at the district headquarters. There is a huge demand-supply gap,\" said joint director of health services in Ramanathapuram Dr M Balachandran.The primary health centre in Erwadi doesn't have an in-patient facility. \"Whenever chained patients are released from the shrine, we have to send them to the government hospital at Paramakudi or the Institute of Mental Health in Chennai. Then it becomes difficult to monitor the patients,\" he said. Chaining of patients is against the apex court ruling, but Erwadi police said they had neither received any complaint nor any instruction from the government on patients being chained at the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563085", "title": "Bus rams car at IFFCO Chowk, 87-year-old killed", "text": "GURGAON: A man was killed and his four family members injured after a speeding bus rammed into their Maruti car at Iffco Chowk early on Sunday. The deceased was a freedom fighter.According to the police, the incident took place near the Iffco Chowk red light around 6am on Sunday. Retired Air Force officer Virendra Verma, a resident of Faridabad, reached Gurgaon railway station, along with his wife Beena and father Ramkishan Verma (87), around 5:30am to receive his newly-married son Ankur and his wife Shiwani. The couple were coming from Jodhpur, Rajasthan, where they worked with a nationalized bank.The five then headed for Faridabad. When they reached near Iffco chowk and were crossing the road, a private bus coming from the Delhi side rammed into their car which overturned due to the impact, killing Ramkishan on the spot and injuring Beena, Ankur and Shiwani. Virendra, who escaped unhurt, called the police immediately. A police team from DLF Phase II police station soon reached there. The bus driver, however, fled, leaving the bus right there.The injured were rushed to a nearby private hospital. The police, after finding that the deceased was a freedom fighter, informed the district administration. After conducting a postmortem, his body was sent to his son's house in Faridabad.\"We have lodged an FIR against the driver who fled. We will arrest him soon. The injured are safe and recovering,\" said Rajpal, additional SHO, DLF Phase II police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15562954", "title": "Martyrs\u2019 Memorial rioters identified", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch has identified two persons who vandalized the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial in August 11 violence. Sources said one of the boys is from Mumbra, while the other is from Shivaji Nagar in Govandi.Police refused to divulge their identities but said both are absconding from their homes. \"Based on the information that we have received from various sources, we have identified the two,\" an officer said.The police have also formed several teams to trace 40-50 more suspects who have been captured vandalizing and assaulting policemen in video footages and photographs. Sources said that at least 20 suspects have approached the police through mediators and promised to surrender once the Eid is over. \"We have received some communication from either advocates or police friends, stating they want to surrender after the festival,\" a senior police officer said.Meanwhile, 23 people who were charged with murder, attempt to murder, assault, rioting and outraging the modesty of women were on Sunday produced before the 37th metropolitan magistrate court. The court remanded all the 23 persons to further police custody till August 24 after the police said their investigations are still going on. Salim Chaukiya, who is alleged to have snatched the self-loading rifle from police, is in custody till August 21.Earlier on Saturday, the Marine Drive police registered a case against unidentified people for circulating inflammatory text messages among policemen. The message asked the policemen to wear black bands on their wrists in protests against the assault on them and molestation of women constables during the Azad Maidan violence that left two persons dead and 63 injured, including 58 policemen.On Sunday evening, additional commissioner of police (crime) Niket Kaushik dismissed rumours that two policemen succumbed to the injuries they sustained in the violence. He said all the injured have been discharged and these rumours were baseless.He also said that they were awaiting information from the Centre regarding the IP addresses that were used to upload incendiary videos and morphed pictures of atrocities allegedly committed in lower Assam and Myanmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563608", "title": "Secretaries panel moots 50% quota in proposed Indian Judicial Service", "text": "NEW DELHI: The committee of secretaries has recommended enhancing quota in recruitment to higher judiciary through the proposed Indian Judicial Service to 50% from the earlier proposal of 25%.The panel has also suggested that the recruitment process be handled by the Union Public Service Commission as against the law ministry's proposal of setting up a National Judicial Service Commission (NJSC) for this purpose, with an extended mandate.The proposed setting up of an all India Judicial Service to recruit for higher judiciary has been awaiting Cabinet approval. The matter was referred to the committee of secretaries by the law ministry to seek its opinion on the proposed quota and who would conduct the exam.However, the law ministry is in favour of retaining 25% quota to avoid any confrontation with states or high courts, a senior official said.The law ministry had proposed setting up of a National Judicial Service Commission to be headed by a retired Supreme Court judge and comprising members of the judiciary and one member from the government to avoid any interference in judicial appointments.The extended mandate of the proposed NJSC was not merely recruitment to higher judiciary but advising the courts from time to time on code of conduct and promotion of judges.The proposal to recruit through the Indian Judicial Service is intended to bring in young talent to higher judiciary. The service is proposed on the lines of Indian Administrative Service and Indian Police Service. It is likely to be brought before the Union Cabinet shortly.The new recruits, once the service is introduced, will be posted as additional district judges and will have a well-defined career progression to higher courts.This will also ensure that high courts and the Supreme Court will have younger judges who are promoted to higher judiciary at a much younger age compared to the present system where recruits join as magistrates and take at least 10 years to get to the post of district judge.Introduction of the Indian Judicial Service has been in the works for close to four decades as many states had expressed unwillingness citing several reasons. Language barrier for judges coming from different linguistic backgrounds was cited as one of them. States also fear it will be an intrusion on their rights as most of them select members of subordinate judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566526", "title": "Dutt goes under the knife, gets back on his feet", "text": "The actor returns from Europe after a knee surgery and... is that a new mop?On Saturday night, Sanjay Dutt made heads turn at Sahar Airport when he returned from his European holiday. The 51-year-old actor took everyone by surprise when he hobbled out on a walking stick. TOI has found out that among the many things he had planned to give himself a makeover, he had also undergone a knee surgery in Germany.Sources close to the actor confirmed the news saying, \"From Paris, Dutt took off to Germany for a few days, where the knee surgery was carried out. He had booked a doctor much before he left Mumbai. It was well planned, and kept under wraps.\"Dutt's knee problem apparently surfaced during the shoot of Anthony D'souza's Blue (2009). Though the film sank without a trace, Dutt's knee issues did not; in fact they continued to resurface every now and then, causing him immense discomfort and pain especially during stunt sequences.A friend of Dutt called up to say, \"Dutt has had a packed couple of years and is extremely overworked. He needed some rest. He combined this with the knee treatment. Let's hope it doesn't recur again. He will start shooting in Hyderabad at Ramoji Rao for remake of the Tamil movie Saamy from August 25.\"But that was not all. There were reports that the actor, on the advice of Salman Khan , had also decided to give himself somewhat of a facelift. And removing the bags under his eyes was priority. There have also been reports that he would enhance his makeover by getting himself a new mop. While the airport pictures are not telling enough - what with stubble and the rigours of long air travel showing on his face - those close to him vouch for a 'new and improved' Dutt for his next.In fact, a source went on to add, \"None of these treatments show instant results. Wait and watch\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563493", "title": "Sub major's family getting threats to withdraw case against army officers", "text": "JAIPUR: The family members of a junior commissioned officer (JCO) of 14 Rajputana Rifles, who died under mysterious circumstances at a military hospital in New Delhi on July 5, said they were getting life threats from anonymous callers seeking withdrawal of the case against a few officers.On Sunday, Pushpendra Singh Shekhawat, youngest son of Rajendra Singh Shekhawat, a Subedar Major of 14 Rajputana Rifles, who suffered a paralytic attack and died at a hospital in New Delhi, lodged a case of mental harassment against the callers.\"Earlier we had lodged a police complaint at Sadar police station of Delhi Cantt in which we had accused commanding officer, Col Mohit Saxena of torturing our father. We had also complained of officers of higher ranks of murder and criminal conspiracy,\" said Pushpendra, talking to TOI on Sunday.However, in the last fortnight, the family got several calls from unknown persons who wanted the family to withdraw the case against the army officers.\"A man identified as Ramesh Bhaskar, who introduced himself as a clerk at South Western Command asked us to give a photocopy of the documents relating to the FIR we had lodged. When we asked him to show any authorization letter and his identity card, he failed to show us. Thus, following these suspicious activities, we had lodged a case at Jhotwara police station,\" Shekhawat said.Jhotwara police said that they have lodged a case and initiated a probe into the matter.Subedar Major Rajendra Shekhawat had suffered a paralytic attack in his unit on July 3 and died during treatment at Army hospital in Delhi. Shekhawat's family alleged that officials kept avoiding a postmortem of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563012", "title": "Muddy water supply baffles residents in western areas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the last three days, every morning a large part of western Ahmedabad wakes up to muddy water supply in their taps. The fact that the supply is part of the Narmada water has shocked many. Many residents now claim that they are feeling sick after consuming that water.\"Initially, we felt it is just sediments that may be appearing in the water. But when we inspected our storage tanks there was a large amount of mud,\" says a shocked Dheeral Vaswani of Deep Society in Satellite area. Residents of Vejalpur and Thaltej complained of a continuous half-an-hour supply of muddy water till it turned clear. \"We have started boiling the supply water. Our filters also get chocked because of the muddy water supply. In the past few days, chlorine content has also increased in the supply and it emanates a foul smell. Is this water safe,\" asks Bijal Nanavati, a housewife in Guptanagar.Sheetal Dave, a resident of a housing complex close to Judges Bungalow crossroads, said, \"We have been forced to bathe with water filtered by our RO plant, because the tap water is dirty. I fear that the muddy water may be harmful for our health and a prolonged exposure to such water may invite diseases like jaundice and diarrhoea. Complaints to municipal authorities have not borne any result.\"In Gandhinagar , residents in sectors 15, 17, 24, 20 and even sectors 2, 3, 4 and 5 are facing the similar situation.\"Though we have lodged a complaint with the roads capital projects department, the officials seem to be clueless. An officer told us that the problem may be in the filtration system of the irrigation department,\" says Deepak Sandesara, a resident of sector 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567313", "title": "Premiere of Bengali film Bhalobasar 2nd Marriage", "text": "Haradhan Banerjee, Kushal Chakrabarty, Poulomi Bhattacharya, Sujoy Ghosh, Subhasish Mukherjee and others were spotted at the Premiere of Bengali movie 'Bhalobasar 2nd Marriage' at Nandan 2 in Mumbai.Poulomi Bhattacharya looked sweet and sober in a black saree with pink border. Sujoy Ghosh was dressed in black shirt and jeans. Celebs were seen in a cheerful mood and also liked the movie a lot.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15568560", "title": "India not yet ready for anti-graft political outfit: Santosh Hegde", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Supreme Court judge N Santosh Hegde says a political party floated purely on the anti-corruption plank will not succeed in elections at this stage as money power and diversity play a role.Hegde, a former Karnataka Lokayukta, who has distanced himself from erstwhile Team Anna's decision to start a political party on October 2, said cultural, linguistic and religious diversity play a part in elections.\"It's not as if everybody looks at (elections) only from democratic point of view\", he said here. \"People (sections of them) have got used to money being spent on them (in elections). It will take quite some time before we can change electoral attitude of the voters\".While anti-corruption plank is a good ground to fight elections, he is not sure whether one can taste electoral success only on that issue in the next 10-12 years.Hegde, a key member of the team which was disbanded by its leader and social activist Anna Hazare recently, maintained that he is opposed to the idea of floating an all India party which is not \"a child's play\".\"To find 543-plus candidates for Lok Sabha elections is going to be a tremendous effort..\", he said. While getting candidates in all constituencies would not be a problem as some people would definitely apply because of Anna Hazare's reputation, \"what sort of people will apply is the question\".And how will they canvass without necessary infrastructure? Hegde asked.Indicating that the proposed political party of erstwhile Team Anna may not succeed, Hegde said one should learn from history, as he referred to Swatantra Party and Praja Socialist Party which did not last long.\"If you want to bring about a change, it may have to be within the system itself\", Hegde said.He argued that instead of starting a political party, the erstwhile Team Anna should have approached the issue in a \"much tactical manner\" -- they could have fielded candidates in 10-20 constituencies where they had substantial support and sent them to Parliament. \"It will make a lot of difference\".\"But then there are people who want quick results, that's a problem\", Hegde said, in a apparent dig at some members of Team who are bent on floating the party.But he stressed that in today's context, the elected representatives do not care for views of the people. \"Today, which people's representative carries people's views into Parliament? Nobody does it\".On BJP leader L K Advani pitching for fixed terms and simultaneous elections to the Lok Sabha and state assemblies, Hegde said: \"I agree with him because of the fact that expenses will be much less and national waste of time will be much less. On that practical point of view, I agree\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore ", "code": "15568695", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan gives himself clean chit in coal scam", "text": "INDORE : Chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan gave himself clean chit in coal scam and said that state government has not done any favour in allotment of coal block to private companies.Countering the question of media about indictment of Madhya Pradesh in CAG report on coal mining, Shivraj Singh Chouhan question, \"Do you think your chief minister would be like this?\" Chief Minister was in the city to participate in bike rally organised by Bhartiya Janta Youva Morcha (BJYM) to mark 150 th Vivekanand Jayanti in the city.It is to be noted that MP is under scanner for some time now over illegal mining and there were reports in the media that scam similar to one in Bellary, Karnataka has been unfolding in the coal mines in Chhatisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.Recently Prakash Industries owned by Ved Prakash Agrawal was under scanner for allotment of coal block. Ved Prakash Agrawal is brother of Jai Prakash Agrawal, who runs BJP, backed NGO Surya Foundation.An investigation by the CBI had revealed that Prakash Industries that has interest in mining and steel sector was allotted coal blocks in Chhatisgarh and Madhya Pradesh by flouting the norms. The company was allotted coal block with connivance with officials from coal and steel ministries by submitting forged and fabricated documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15567508", "title": "Facebook, Twitter accounts blocked over hate messages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government is learnt to have ordered blocking of 80 more internet pages and user accounts today on social networking sites, including Facebook, Google and Twitter, to avoid panic among people of northeastern region living across India.All these sites were found hosting inflammatory and hateful content, spreading rumours and inciting violence targeting the people from northeast, government sources said.Yesterday, the government had issued instructions to block 76 internet sites, which included webpages and some websites, and had said that bulk of the rumours that triggered panic among people of northeastern states in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra were sourced from Pakistan.\"We have found inflammatory and objectionable contents on some pages of Facebook and Google. Some user accounts at Twitter were also found spreading similar contents. All together, around 80 such pages and accounts have been ordered to be blocked today,\" the sources said.The rumours about a possible attacks have led to mass exodus of people from northeast from many places, including Bangalore, Chennai, Mumbai and Pune.Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde today asked his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik to crackdown on elements based in that country that were using social media networking sites to whip up communal sentiments and spreading hate in India.According to a report prepared by the Home Ministry, a Pakistan-based hardline group is suspected to have been involved in doctoring images and spreading them across social networking sites to create panic among people of northeastern region living across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15568914", "title": "Ex-maid wants to win legal US status: Indian-origin employer", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin woman, accused of keeping an illegal immigrant from her native place as a maid at her mansion here, claims the housekeeper is cooperating with the prosecution as she wants to secure permanent legal status for herself and her children to continue staying in US.40-year-old Annie George has been charged with harbouring an illegal immigrant for private financial gain.Prosecutors say George kept a middle-aged widow from India, identified in court papers only as VM, as a servant in her upstate New York mansion for five years without paying her adequately for her services.George's lawyer Mark Sacco said in a trial brief submitted in US district court, Northern District of New York, that George's late husband had asked VM to work at their home.VM was provided a room, boarding and a stipend which was forwarded to her children in India.\"As an avenue to secure permanent legal status in the United States for both herself and her children, she has condemned my client,\" Sacco said in the trial brief.George, who has pleaded not guilty, is scheduled to go on trial on August 27 and could face up to 10 years in prison if convicted.Sacco had sought dismissal of the charges and said the pay dispute of about USD 40,000 could be settled in a civil court instead.Prosecutors say VM was offered USD 1000 per month for working as a live-in servant for George, her husband and six children. However, VM was paid about USD 26,000 for her five years of service at the George household that included cooking, cleaning and child care every day from 5:30 am to 11 pm all year round.VM had no bank account, passport or identification documents and spoke limited English.During the five years she worked for the George family, VM never saw a doctor or dentist and could not leave the house unless her work was complete.Prosecutors say George should pay VM $256,000 in wages and $87,000 in overtime based on the minimum wage.Homeland Security agents had found that VM had come to the US in 1998 on a G5 visa which permitted her to work in America as a domestic servant for a family associated with the United Nations .VM had worked for an Indian family till 2005 after which she left her job for a romantic relationship that ended.Having been left homeless, VM was taken in by a church which helped her find employment with the George family.Assistant US Attorney Richard Belliss said VM is still in the US and has temporary status pending the outcome of the trial. She could testify at the trial.Immigration investigators had removed her in May 2011 from the George household after her son in India called the National Human Trafficking Resources Center, which says it has identified hundreds of similar US cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563609", "title": "Safe food fest: Residents pick up kitchen gardening tips", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Besides sumptuous organic cuisines, traditional games and revival of cultural events, a one foot-long small truck grabbed the attention of most visitors on the concluding day of the Safe Food Festival organized by the Kheti Virasat Mission at Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16. Displayed at the entrance, the mini truck grabbed eyeballs at the fest.\"The looks of this mini truck are so impressive that it almost looks real! I wish I could put it in my pocket and carry it home with me,\" said Bhanupriya Gill, a visitor at the festival. \"Though, it's a miniature but it has succeeded in giving a traditional Punjab look to the festival. For children it provided a better view of how a real truck looks,\" said Sarabjeet Singh, another visitor at the fest.At the occasion, a special interactive session was held during the ongoing Safe Food Festival with an aim to bridge the gap between the consumer and farmer and bring forth innovative ways to grow organic food in smaller areas. The need of direct communication along with ways to maintain and sustain that communication, were expressed during the session.Sharing how to start kitchen gardening was also an important feature of the discussion. Umendra Dutt, director of Kheti Virasat Mission said, \"Safe food is our fundamental right, and consumers should demand it.\" The evening concluded with a colourful Sammi Jhumar performance. In two-day fest, a variety of events were conducted including cultural activities, kitchen gardening classes, cooking classes. The event was organized to spread awareness among consumer about safe food practices and contamination of food due to excess use of pesticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15567659", "title": "Aussies spend 32,000 years a year chatting on the phone", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australians collectively spent an incredible 32,000 years making and taking calls on their mobile phones last financial year, it has been revealed.It's the equivalent of more than 17 billion minutes spent chatting -- almost double the amount of mobile phone time Australian telecommunications and media company Telstra users clocked up just five years ago, the Daily Telegraph reported.The telecom company's annual usage figures also revealed that its 9.8 million mobile phone customers sent more than 12 billion SMS texts in the 2011-2012 financial year - or about 33 million every day.Text-happy customers like Newcastle's Jackie Darley, 20, are sending SMS's at an exponential rate, with a 250 percent increase in texting since the 2006-2007 financial year.Despite the spread of communication via social networking sites like Twitter, Telstra Mobile executive director Warwick Bray said SMS still had enormous appeal.\"It's the only way you can message anybody, whatever phone they've got and whatever software they've got,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15565341", "title": "Let us wait for police report: Tibetan leader", "text": "MYSORE: The Tibetan government-in-exile has decided to wait for Indian administration's report on the attack on a Tibetan student last week before drawing any conclusions. \"This is not the time to blame or point fingers at anybody. This is the time safeguard the diverse culture, secularism and communal harmony that India stands for,\" said Gyari Dolma, home minister for the Tibetan government-in-exile .Dolma met the student, Tenzin Dhargyal, at the hospital on Sunday. \"We shouldn't draw any conclusions before the final report by police or authorities concerned is out,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567070", "title": "US Open Past Winners", "text": "Year  Gentlemen  Ladies  Winner  Runner-up  Winner  Runner-up     2011  Novak Djokovic  Rafael Nadal  Samantha Stosur  Serena Williams  2010  Rafael Nadal  Novak Djokovic  Kim Clijsters  Vera Zvonareva  2009  Juan Martin Del Potro  Roger Federer  Kim Clijsters  Caroline Wozniacki  2008  Roger Federer  Andy Murray  Serena Williams  Jelena Jankovic  2007  Roger Federer  Novak Djokovic  Justine Henin  Svetlana Kuznetsova  2006  Roger Federer  Andy Roddick  Maria Sharapova  Justine Henin-Hardenne  2005  Roger Federer  Andre Agassi  Kim Clijsters  Mary Pierce  2004  Roger Federer  Lleyton Hewitt  Svetlana Kuznetsova  Elena Dementieva  2003  Andy Roddick  Juan Carlos Ferrero  Justine Henin-Hardenne  Kim Clijsters  2002  Pete Sampras  Andre Agassi  Serena Williams  Venus Williams  2001  Lleyton Hewitt  Pete Sampras  Venus Williams  Serena Williams  2000  Marat Safin  Pete Sampras  Venus Williams  Lindsay Davenport  1999  Andre Agassi  Todd Martin  Serena Williams  Martina Hingis  1998  Patrick Rafter  Mark Philippoussis  Lindsay Davenport  Martina Hingis  1997  Patrick Rafter  Greg Rusedski  Martina Hingis  Venus Williams  1996  Pete Sampras  Michael Chang  Steffi Graf  Monica Seles  1995  Pete Sampras  Andre Agassi  Steffi Graf  Monica Seles  1994  Andre Agassi  Michael Stich  Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario  Steffi Graf  1993  Pete Sampras  Cedric Pioline  Steffi Graf  Helena Sukova  1992  Stefan Edberg  Pete Sampras  Monica Seles  Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario  1991  Stefan Edberg  Jim Courier  Monica Seles  Martina Navratilova  1990  Pete Sampras  Andre Agassi  Gabriela Sabatini  Steffi Graf  1989  Boris Becker  Ivan Lendl  Steffi Graf  Martina Navratilova  1988  Mats Wilander  Ivan Lendl  Steffi Graf  Gabriela Sabatini  1987  Ivan Lendl  Mats Wilander  Martina Navratilova  Steffi Graf  1986  Ivan Lendl  Miloslav Mecir  Martina Navratilova  Helena Sukova  1985  Ivan Lendl  John McEnroe  Hana Mandlikova  Martina Navratilova  1984  John McEnroe  Ivan Lendl  Martina Navratilova  Chris Evert Lloyd  1983  Jimmy Connors  Ivan Lendl  Martina Navratilova  Chris Evert Lloyd  1982  Jimmy Connors  Ivan Lendl  Chris Evert Lloyd  Hana Mandlikova  1981  John McEnroe  Bjorn Borg  Tracy Austin  Martina Navratilova  1980  John McEnroe  Bjorn Borg  Chris Evert Lloyd  Hana Mandlikova  1979  John McEnroe  Vitas Gerulaitis  Tracy Austin  Chris Evert Lloyd  1978  Jimmy Connors  Bjorn Borg  Christine Marie Evert  Pam Shriver  1977  Guillermo Vilas  Jimmy Connors  Christine Marie Evert  Wendy Turnbull  1976  Jimmy Connors  Bjorn Borg  Christine Marie Evert  Evonne Goolagong  1975  Manuel Orantes  Jimmy Connors  Christine Marie Evert  Evonne Goolagong  1974  Jimmy Connors  Ken Rosewall  Billie Jean King  Evonne Goolagong  1973  John Newcombe  Jan Kodes  Margaret Smith Court  Evonne Goolagong  1972  Ilie Nastase  Arthur Ashe  Billie Jean King  Kerry Melville  1971  Stan Smith  Jan Kodes  Billie Jean King  Rosemary Casals  1970  Ken Rosewall  Tony Roche  Margaret Smith Court  Rosemary Casals  1969  Rod Laver  Tony Roche  Margaret Smith Court  Nancy Richey  1968  Arthur Ashe  Tom Okker  Virginia Wade  Billie Jean King  1967  John Newcombe  Clark Graebner  Billie Jean Moffitt King  Ann Haydon Jones  1966  Fred Stolle  John Newcombe  Maria Bueno  Nancy Richey  1965  Manuel Santana  Cliff Drysdale  Margaret Smith  Billie Jean Moffitt  1964  Roy Emerson  Fred Stolle  Maria Bueno  Carole Caldwell Graebner  1963  Rafael Osuna  Frank Froehling, III  Maria Bueno  Margaret Smith  1962  Rodney Laver  Roy Emerson  Margaret Smith  Darlene R. Hard  1961  Roy Emerson  Rodney Laver  Darlene R. Hard  Ann Haydon  1960  Neale Fraser  Rodney Laver  Darlene R. Hard  Maria Bueno  1959  Neale Fraser  Alejandro Olmedo  Maria Bueno  Christine Truman  1958  Ashley J. Cooper  Malcolm J. Anderson  Althea Gibson  Darlene R. Hard  1957  Malcolm J. Anderson  Ashley J. Cooper  Althea Gibson  A. Louise Brough  1956  Ken Rosewall  Lewis Hoad  Shirley J. Fry  Althea Gibson  1955  Tony Trabert  Ken Rosewall  Doris Hart  Patricia Ward  1954  E. Victor Seixas, Jr.  Rex Hartwig  Doris Hart  A. Louise Brough  1953  Tony Trabert  E. Victor Seixas, Jr.  Maureen Connolly  Doris Hart  1952  Frank Sedgman  Gardnar Mulloy  Maureen Connolly  Doris Hart  1951  Frank Sedgman  E. Victor Seixas, Jr.  Maureen Connolly  Shirley J. Fry  1950  Arthur Larsen  Herbert Flam  Margaret Osborne duPont  Doris Hart  1949  Richard A. Gonzales  Frederick Schroeder  Margaret Osborne duPont  Doris Hart  1948  Richard A. Gonzales  Eric W. Sturgess  Margaret Osborne duPont  A. Louise Brough  1947  Jack Kramer  Frank Parker  A. Louise Brough  Margaret Osborne  1946  Jack Kramer  Tom Brown, Jr.  Pauline Betz  Patricia Canning  1945  Sgt. Frank Parker  William F. Talbert  Sarah Palfrey Cooke  Pauline Betz  1944  Sgt. Frank Parker  William F. Talbert  Pauline Betz  Margaret Osborne  1943  Lt. Joseph R. Hunt  Seaman Jack Kramer  Pauline Betz  A. Louise Brough  1942  Frederick R. Schroeder, Jr.  Frank Parker  Pauline Betz  A. Louise Brough  1941  Robert Riggs  Francis Kovacs, 2d  Sarah Palfrey Cooke  Pauline Betz  1940  Donald McNeill  Robert Riggs  Alice Marble  Helen H. Jacobs  1939  Robert Riggs  S. Welby van Horn  Alice Marble  Helen H. Jacobs  1938  J. Donald Budge  C. Gene Mako  Alice Marble  Nancye Wynne  1937  J. Donald Budge  Baron Gottfried von Cramm  Anita Lizana  Jadwiga Jedrzejowska  1936  Fred Perry  J. Donald Budge  Alice Marble  Helen H. Jacobs  1935  Wilmer L. Allison  Sidney B. Wood  Helen H. Jacobs  Sarah H. Palfrey Fabyan  1934  Fred Perry  Wilmer L. Allison  Helen H. Jacobs  Sarah H. Palfrey  1933  Fred Perry  John H. Crawford  Helen H. Jacobs  Helen Wills Moody  1932  H. Ellsworth Vines  Henri Cochet  Helen H. Jacobs  Carolin A. Babcock  1931  H. Ellsworth Vines  George M. Lott, Jr.  Helen Wills Moody  Eileen Bennett Whitingstall  1930  John H. Doeg  Francis X. Shields  Betty Nuthall  Anna McCune Harper  1929  William T. Tilden  Francis T. Hunter  Helen Wills  Phoebe Holcroft Watson  1928  Henri Cochet  Francis T. Hunter  Helen Wills  Helen J. Jacobs  1927  Rene Lacoste  William T. Tilden  Helen Wills  Betty Nuthall  1926  Rene Lacoste  Jean Borotra  Molla B. Mallory  Elizabeth Ryan  1925  William T. Tilden  William M. Johnston  Helen Wills  Kathleen McKane  1924  William T. Tilden  William M. Johnston  Helen Wills  Molla B. Mallory  1923  William T. Tilden  William M. Johnston  Helen Wills  Molla B. Mallory  1922  William T. Tilden  William M. Johnston  Molla B. Mallory  Helen Wills  1921  William T. Tilden  William M. Johnston  Molla B. Mallory  Mary K. Browne  1920  William T. Tilden  William M. Johnston  Molla B. Mallory  Marion Zinderstein  1919  William M. Johnston  William T. Tilden  Hazel Hotchkiss Wightman  Marion Zinderstein  1918  R. Lindley Murray  William T. Tilden  Molla Bjurstedt  Eleanor E. Goss  1917  R. Lindley Murray  Nathaniel W. Niles  Molla Bjurstedt  Marion Vanderhoef  1916  Richard N. Williams  William M. Johnston  Molla Bjurstedt  Louise Hammond Raymond  1915  William M. Johnston  Maurice E. McLoughlin  Molla Bjurstedt  Hazel Hotchkiss Wightman  1914  Richard N. Williams  Maurice E. McLoughlin  Mary Browne  Marie Wagner  1913  Maurice E. McLoughlin  Richard N. Williams  Mary Browne  Dorothy Green  1912  Maurice E. McLoughlin  Wallace F. Johnson  Mary Browne  Eleonora Sears  1911  William A. Larned  Maurice E. McLoughlin  Hazel Hotchkiss  Florence Sutton  1910  William A Larned  Thomas C. Bundy  Hazel Hotchkiss  Louise Hammond  1909  William A Larned  William J. Clothier  Hazel Hotchkiss  Maud Barger-Wallach  1908  William A. Larned  Beals C. Wright  Maud Barger-Wallach  Evelyn Sears  1907  William A. Larned  Robert LeRoy  Evelyn Sears  Carrie Neely  1906  William A. Larned  Beals C. Wright  Helen Homans  Maud Barger-Wallach  1905  Beals C. Wright  Holcombe Ward  Elisabeth Moore  Helen Homans  1904  Holcombe Ward  William J. Clothier  May Sutton  Elisabeth Moore  1903  Hugh L. Doherty  William A. Larned  Elisabeth Moore  Marion Jones  1902  William A. Larned  Reginald F. Doherty  Marion Jones  Elisabeth Moore  1901  William A. Larned  Beals C. Wright  Elisabeth Moore  Myrtle McAteer  1900  Malcolm D. Whitman  William A. Larned  Myrtle McAteer  Edith Parker  1899  Malcolm D. Whitman  J. Parmly Paret  Marion Jones  Maud Banks  1898  Malcolm D. Whitman  Dwight F. Davis  Juliette Atkinson  Marion Jones  1897  Robert D. Wrenn  Wilberforce Eaves  Juliette Atkinson  Elisabeth Moore  1896  Robert D. Wrenn  Fred H. Hovey  Elisabeth Moore  Juliette Atkinson  1895  Fred H. Hovey  Robert D. Wrenn  Juliette Atkinson  Helen Hellwig  1894  Robert D. Wrenn  Manliff Goodbody  Helen Hellwig  Aline Terry  1893  Robert D. Wrenn  Fred H. Hovey  Aline Terry  Augusta Schultz  1892  Oliver S. Campbell  Fred H. Hovey  Mabel Cahill  Elisabeth Moore  1891  Oliver S. Campbell  Clarence Hobart  Mabel Cahill  Ellen C Roosevelt  1890  Oliver S. Campbell  Henry W. Slocum, Jr.  Ellen C. Roosevelt  Bertha L. Townsend  1889  Henry W. Slocum, Jr.  Quincy Shaw  Bertha L. Townsend  Lida D. Voorhes  1888  Henry W. Slocum, Jr.  Howard A. Taylor  Bertha L. Townsend  Ellen Hansell  1887  Richard D. Sears  Henry W. Slocum, Jr.  Ellen Hansell  Laura Knight  1886  Richard D. Sears  R. Livingston Beeckman   1885  Richard D. Sears  Godfrey M. Brinley   1884  Richard D. Sears  Howard A. Taylor   1883  Richard D. Sears  James Dwight   1882  Richard D. Sears  Clarence M. Clark   1881  Richard D. Sears  William E. Glyn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565163", "title": "AIIMS-Bhopal to launch department of community and family medicine from September", "text": "The All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS)-Bhopal is starting a new department of community and family medicine (CFM) from their first academic session, starting in September 2012.According to Dr Kishore Choudhry, head of department, CFM, would promote the concept of family practice and family medicine management, which are widely practiced and popular in Western countries, but not in India.He says, \"Family medicine is meant to provide personal, comprehensive and continuing care to the individual in the context of family and community. Community medicine , which at present is exclusively concerned with public health activities , will henceforth include clinical work with the launch of the new CFM department.\"During the first year of AIIMS-Bhopal, MBBS students will be trained in the basics of CFM. However , after one year, the institute will start a full-time , three-year course in MD in family practice.The eligibility criterion for MD in family practice would be an MBBS degree. Other details on admission (seats, fees, etc) would be available once the course structure has been finalised by the institute.\"Students who will enrol in this programme would look at the role of family and community both in prevention and mutual interaction of both. Students will learn to deal with epidemics and long-term diseases like AIDS, cancer, seasonal illness, non-communicable diseases like diabetes and hypertension, among others . Students will also be trained to carry out national health agenda, routine vaccination, child health, ante-natal care, family planning services , etc. The course will create better and holistic general practitioners who will have a holistic way for looking at cure, prevention and promotion of health,\" says Choudhry.In the beginning, the department of CFM will have five faculty members . The department will also provide rural and urban community health outreach preventive services in all initiatives of AIIMS-Bhopal.Although AIIMS-Bhopal has launched the department of CFM, the remaining five AIIMS-like institutes, too, will launch a similar department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567048", "title": "Producers Gin and Rees set to release Sanu Teh Changa", "text": "After many years of creating music behind the scenes, producing duo Gin and Rees are set to release their debut single 'Sanu Teh Changa'.Featuring the beautiful lyrics of the musical genius Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan , Gin and Rees have not only managed to pay homage to the maestro of qaawal, but have managed to find a vocalist that truly does justice to the Ustad.The track, will be released on the 23rd August features the soulful vocals of India based singer Aslam Ali, whose voice so closely resembles the mighty Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. Listeners will not only be amazed, but emotionally touched by memories of the musical giant. Gin who first heard Aslam sing on a trip to India says:\"The hairs literally stood up on the back of my neck. I could not believe that anyone could have a voice that even came close to my hero. But Aslam is incredible and I knew that we had to work with him.\"Gin and Rees, who are not only co-producers but also brothers, have grown up in the music industry, with Gin mastering Indian percussion (Dhol, Dholak and Tabla) and melody from a young age. Rees also fell in love with Bhangra music and dance; the brothers have been running the now famous VP Entertainments. The dance troupe which made it's mark with a scintillating Bhangra performance at London 2012's closing ceremony.However, creating music is in their blood and 'Sanu Teh Changa', shows off their musical vision and talents. With a beautiful melody that perfectly complements the heart-wrenching lyrics, this track will, without doubt, melt and steal hearts.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nelamangala (karnataka)", "code": "15569550", "title": "20 day-old baby girl poisoned to death", "text": "NELAMANGALA (KARNATAKA): A 20-day-old baby girl died after her father allegedly fed her donkey's milk laced with poison at Nelamangala taluk in Bangalore district, police said on Monday.The 25-year-old man, a mechanic, was arrested this morning following a complaint from his wife, police said.According to his wife, he did not want a daughter, and allegedly murdered their child by administering donkey's milk laced with poison last night.During investigation, it was revealed that the man brought milk in a plastic bottle which he picked up from a garbage pile, police said.\"It is also possible that the bottle was contaminated which led to the death of the child,\" police said, adding, they were questioning the man to know the truth behind the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15563253", "title": "Woman undertrial gives cops the slip at Thane hospital", "text": "THANE: Sujata Bhimsingh Rathod, a woman undertrial admitted to the Thane civil hospital on Friday following complaints of abdominal pain, gave a slip to the police early on Sunday.Sujata was arrested by the narcotic cell of the Thane commissionerate recently for possessing and peddling marijuana. The local court sent her to the Adharwadi jail pending trail.Sujata sought hospitalisation saying she was experiencing labour pains. She was rushed to the women's ward of the hospital and was undergoing treatment for the last two days. Police said at around 4am on Sunday, the women escaped from the ward and has been missing since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564505", "title": "246 booked for drunken driving in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad traffic police have booked 246 drunken driving cases this weekend. On Friday night, five special teams of the traffic police had nabbed 74 persons who were driving their vehicles in an inebriated condition.On Saturday night, 11 teams had set up check posts at various places and caught 172 persons driving under the influence of alcohol between 11pm and 2am.At Road No. 96, Jubilee Hills, the Banjara Hills traffic police intercepted a Tata Safari (AP 16 0001) at about 1.15am on Sunday. There were seven persons in the vehicle and driver G Venkata Sudhakar was found in an inebriated condition. One of the passengers in the vehicle was the son of a Tollywood top hero. On seeing media personnel there, the teenager, disembarked from the vehicle, and ran into a nearby lane.Banjara Hills inspector (Traffic) K Balakrishna Reddy said that the alcohol content in Venkata Sudhakar's body was 77 mg/100 ml, where as the permissible limit was only 30 mg/100 ml. Police booked a case against Venkata Sudhakar under section 185-A of the MV Act and seized the vehicle. Sudhakar along with other offenders would be attending counselling session at the Traffic Training Institute in Goshamahal on Monday.After the counselling session, the offenders would be produced before court. A fine up to Rs 2,000 or imprisonment up to six months or both will be imposed on offenders under section 185-A of the MV Act. Since the special drive against drunken driving has begun a year ago, only one driver was awarded imprisonment by the court and police claim that even he got bail immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563033", "title": "Minimum wages hiked slightly", "text": "GURGAON: Minimum salary for unskilled labour in Haryana has been hiked by Rs120 per month, after the bi-annual wage revision by the labour ministry. According to the official notification, the wage hikes, which are subject to inflation, are to be effective retroactively from July 1 2012.Wages for the unskilled category have been upgraded to Rs4,967 a month, while the skilled segment will now be getting Rs 5,617 a month at the minimum. \"In Haryana, minimum wages are increased by Rs2.31 for every unit increased in the consumer price index,\" said an official.The labour unions, however, are not impressed by the wage revision. Union representatives have demanded that the state sets the bar at Rs15,000 monthly for the unskilled category. \"The state government hasn't hiked the wages for years. This is the usual wage revision that they have to do according to the CPI,\" said Satbir Singh, state president of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions.Unions are also pressing for a minimum wage advisory board within the labour department. \"Minimum wages should be decided after consultations with workers, unions and the managements. Today, a worker in Gurgaon has to pay Rs4,000 every month as room rent. So these minimum wages are ridiculous,\" added Singh.Monthly minimum wage for the unskilled category in Delhi is Rs 6,422.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "barabanki (up)", "code": "15567514", "title": "UP govt cannot function properly due to Mulayam: Beni Prasad Verma", "text": "BARABANKI (UP): In comments that are not likely to go down well with the Samajwadi Party , Union minister Beni Prasad Verma has said the UP government has not been able to function properly due to \"interference\" of Mulayam Singh Yadav.\"Due to interference of Mulayam, the state government could not function properly and he was responsible for this\", the Minister of Steel alleged.He, however, said that UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav was like his son and he would not like to blame him.On Mulayam Singh' statement of third front government at the Centre in 2014 if SP won 60 seats in UP, Beni told reporters yesterday that \"Yadav was dreaming of becoming Prime Minister but it would not happen\".SP is an ally of the UPA government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562793", "title": "Loss from water works rise to 50per cent", "text": "NAGPUR: Strange but true. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is witnessing a reverse proportionate in revenue from water works department (WWD). The financial losses are on rise despite implementation of projects worth around Rs 1,670 crore, additional supply of 110 million liters per day (MLD) water and handing over operation to the private operator.According to the data available with the NMC, the revenue from WWD from April 1 till date was recorded at around Rs 26 crore for an average of Rs 5.77 crore per month. The expenditure from the WWD is estimated at Rs 11.30 crore per month which includes payment of Rs 6 crore per month to private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) and Rs 5.30 crore for raw water and power supply. The difference between the expenditure and revenue comes to almost 50%. The financial loss from WWD till last fiscal was around 35-37%.According to the official report of JNNURM projects, NMC implemented 13 projects worth Rs 1,670 crore of which five completed and remaining in final stages excluding 24x7 water supply project. The projects completed include water leak detection, water audit project, energy audit project, expansion and upgradation of water supply distribution network, and Kanhan water treatment plant. All projects excluding Kanhan plant were to reduce the high expenses in the water works. Besides, the Kanhan plant has added 110 MLD water thus increasing the total water supply to around 640 MLD. The increased quantity of water come to around 20%. The NMC should have earned additional revenue from increased water supply. Still, the losses are on rise raising serious question.Citing the reason about motive to improve the performance, the NMC roped in private operator since December 2011. The operator has been paid Rs 6 crore per month from March this year. Besides, the NMC had established a special purpose vehicle- Nagpur Environmental Services Limited (NESL) for making the water works no profit no loss affair a couple of years ago. Even, the NMC had increased the water tariff by 5% in August 2011. Still, the rise in financial loss is unjustified. Probably, it seems that the WWD wants hike of water tariff every year to hide its inefficiency. Already, the NMC had hiked the water tariff by 5% with effect from April 1 this year inviting fresh controversy.In fact, the NMC was unaware of increase in loss from WWD if the budgetary provisions are to be considered. According to the data given in the budget of 2012-13 presented by chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari, the NMC has proposed to grant Rs 80 crore to NESL this year from its other sources of revenue. The NMC has proposed increase in grant which proves officially the rise in financial loss. The grant given in 2010-11 was Rs 40.89 crore and around Rs 70 crore in 2011-12.Executive engineer Shashikant Hastak assured to provide details and then did not respond to repeated calls.Blaming the officials of WWD for increase in loss, chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle told TOI that the top officials including Hastak are not taking the water works seriously. \"Water supply through tankers should have been withdrawn after additional water available from Kanhan plant. Hastak is not withdrawing the tankers. Even the officials are least bothered to inform mayor Anil Sole and other office bearers about any shutdown in water supply. Action seems only to correct the problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15565044", "title": "Railways fails to desilt reservoir in Manmad", "text": "NASHIK: Indian Railways has failed to take seriously a suggestion-cum-order by the collectorate to desilt its reservoir to increase its water-holding capacity from 60 days, to help in summer, when the situation is critical, as it was only a proposal and not an order.\"There were orders from the collectorate, Nashik, to the railways to carry out the desilting of the reservoir. They were aimed at increasing the capacity of the reservoir. The orders were forwarded to senior officers, bringing to their notice the facts. But nothing has moved on the ground,\" railway sources said.The reservoir near Manmad junction is the railways only source of water for trains passing towards Mumbai, Daund, Aurangabad and Bhusawal. Silt in the dam has cut down its capacity sharply.\"The irrigation department's experience with desilting has been very bad. Similar is the case with Manmad, where people are unwilling to undertake desilting. Where will the railways put the silt from here? Perhaps this is why the issue has not been addressed so far,\" an official said.In summer, Manmad town gets water after 60 days and that water is released with an eight to 15-day time-span. However, this summer, the railways found it difficult to supply water and also carry out a cleanup at the junction. Senior railway officials had requested the collector to release water from the Palkhed dam a bit earlier.Around March 30, the collectorate had asked the railways to carry out the desilting to avoid water supply issues. This year, the railways had to carry out rationing of water in summer to manage with the available stock of water for trains. The rationing was carried out for at least eight days, after which the water released from Palkhed reached the reservoir.Trains from Manmad require maximum water: 22 lakh litres per day. Every train requires more than 20,000 litres and a huge amount for washing and servicing trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15565350", "title": "Annigeri skulls were of famine victims: dept", "text": "HUBLI: The mystery surrounding the Annigeri skulls seems to have ended with the state archaeology department (SAD) concluding that they belong to victims of a severe famine between 1792 and 1796. The famine had affected Bagalkot, Bijapur, Annigeri and other parts of north Karnataka, the department said.Various theories were doing the rounds ever since the skulls were unearthed . The theories indicated that the skulls were the outcome of a massacre and mass killing for witchcraft. Speaking to TOI, R Gopal, director, state archaeology department, said the C-14 report from Beta Analytic, Florida, a radio carbon dating laboratory , claimed the skulls were just 180 years old. \"After getting the report, we did an extensive study and found some evidence to substantiate the claims of Beta Analytic.\"People died of starvation in the severe famine while the bodies of many were eaten by vultures and animals. In search of food, many people of these parts migrated to other areas during this period ,\" he said. When people returned to their villages after a few years, they buried the skeletons of those who died due to the famine in Annigeri. \"After finding this out, we came to the conclusion that Annigeri skulls which were discovered in August 2010, belong to those who died due to the famine between 1792 to 1796,\" he said. Gopal said a final report will be submitted to the secretary, Kannada and culture, in 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564447", "title": "Corporation didn\u2019t pay Rs 2, schools hang in limbo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Years of campaigning did nothing; 4,000 signatures failed to draw a response; over 150 RTI applications got them to first base but only that far. The struggle for two municipal primary schools \u2014 part of plans for Blocks F and H of JJ Colony, Bawana \u2014 is singular both for the strategies employed and civic agencies' deft dodging of enquiries.Residents may lose out due to the corporation's failure to deposit Rs 2 (you read that right) with DDA. The schools are urgently needed but the corporation is in no hurry. The first 60-day deadline to claim the plots allotted passed a fortnight ago. If it doesn't pay (with interest) in the next two-and-a-half months, the allotment will stand cancelled and campaigners will have to start afresh.By the time it was the corporation's turn to play deaf, residents had already gone through several rounds with DDA. The last involved bulk RTIs. In February 2012, after they and NGOs had seen their appeals being ignored for five years, a barrage of RTIs for DDA was chosen as the method of attack. The civic agency hadn't transferred land to the corporation despite six requests from October 2007 to February, 2011. A common format was circulated; support was sought in the galis and at the local PDS shop. \"Over 150 RTIs were filed asking DDA for a status report on action taken on the corporation's requests,\" says Mohd Anzar of NGO ActionAid.Nokhelal's had to admit his six-year-old in a private school in another village when the plot for the F-Block school is a few metres away from home. He filed. Existing schools, even senior-secondary ones, are over-crowded. \"At the Government Boys Senior Secondary School (GBSSS) 2 where my son is in Class VI, kids have to attend classes standing,\" he says. Established with the girls' school in 2009, the boys school has the kind of teacher-student ratio (1:73.5) that makes the RTE Act-prescribed 1:40 seem a hopelessly remote target. There are 691 students in Class VI alone. \"Kids can't sit, many roam outside,\" says Hargovind. On August 18, 193 sixth-graders were absent from the boys' school.The deluge of RTIs galvanized DDA into action and a demand letter for transfer of land was issued to the North corporation on May 4. This small victory came after years during which residents learnt to use every avenue they saw. Till 2006, the Bawana JJ Colony had five blocks and five MCD schools. In 2006, six blocks \u2014 but no schools \u2014 were added.\"When we first moved here,\" recalls Mohd Ansar, \"I was in Class X. I finished school elsewhere but my siblings had to be admitted.\" \"Teachers told us to demand schools,\" adds Mustafa, another community-worker. Some kids now attend NGO-run \"alternative schools\"; Prayas teaches about 200.Residents discovered the provision for the two schools in layout plans and started visiting MCD, but were organized in early 2010 when NGOs active in the area (including ActionAid, Jagori, Prayas and Navjyoti) formed an alliance.The first RTIs filed in 2010 revealed that DDA was holding up the process. Next, about 4,000 signatures were collected in a signature campaign and copies sent to DDA, MCD, lieutenant governor and chief minister. Nothing happened.Another round of RTIs filed in October, 2011, netted them six letters from MCD to DDA requesting land transfer (till then, MCD was in the clear) and one from DDA saying they can't as \"the site under reference is encroached by the JJ Colony.\" The removal of encroachment was the only action taken.Once the demand letter was issued, all the corporation had to do was deposit Rs 2 with the DDA within 60 days. Officials proved unequal to the task despite prodding from the community and are still dragging their heels. \"It's because of trifurcation,\" says Rekha Gupta, education committee chairperson, North Corporation. \"Files are moving slowly. People don't know what their responsibilities are.\"\"They say there's no authority,\" says Anzar, \"Apparently, there is no DE (education director) there either.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564514", "title": "DRDO\u2019s Nag missile fails in user trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The long-delayed Nag anti-tank missile project of the DRDO has suffered yet another setback as its user trials held recently failed.In the trials held in Rajasthan in presence of top Army and DRDO officials, the modified carrier of the missile called NAMICA also under-performed, DRDO sources said. In the trials held at the Mahajan firing range, four Nag missiles were fired of which only one could hit the target whereas the remaining failed to do so due to glitches in the equipment on-board the weapon, they said.Army officials were not happy with the performance and have asked the agency to come better prepared in the future, they said. The missile has been under development as part of the Integrated Guided Missile Development Program initiated in 1980s and is now expected to take few more years to reach the induction stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568589", "title": "Chiranjeevi launches dubbing studio", "text": "Megastar Chiranjeevi launched a private recording and dubbing studio in Hyderabad yesterday (August 19). This studio has state-of-the-art facilities for developing all kinds of post production works for films.Speaking on this occasion Chiranjeevi said, \"I couldn't grace the recently held Santosham Awards so I want to attend this studio opening ceremony and bless Suresh Kondeti. I know him since a long time and I treat him as one of my family members and not as an outsider. I wish Suresh good luck in his endeavor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15564304", "title": "'300 go missing every month in Haryana'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Data compiled by the State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB) of Haryana has revealed that around 300 persons (men, women and kids together) go missing every month from the state, and most number of cases are reported from the national capital region (NCR). The data also revealed that bodies of around 250 unidentified persons are recovered from across the state every month.According to SCRB, 60% of missing reports or unidentified people come from NCR areas of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat, Mewat and Rohtak. SCRB is now setting up a centralized control room with an updated data on missing persons at the police training complex in Madhuban. The centre will be linked to all the police stations across the state to provide information and assistance on missing person. The centre will be operational by September 1.According to figures released by SCRB, the number of persons missing in the state between 2008 to August 1, 2012 has reached 11,073. While the number of unidentified bodies cremated by police in the same period has touched the figure of 5,040.SCRB director Layak Ram Dabas admitted that inadequate infrastructure in police stations and police posts across the state was to be blamed for failure in tracking down missing persons. Dabas also claimed that lack of coordination among states too was responsible for increase in unsolved missing persons' cases.\"There had been cases where families fail to inform police when persons whose missing report is filed returned home. Sometimes it turns out to be a case of runaway couples or kidnapping for ransom,'' Dabas said.About 40% of those who go missing are minors while the number of adult males going missing is also the same. Rest 20% are adult females. About 250 bodies of unidentified persons are found every month and only around 50 such bodies are identified, while the rest are cremated as unidentified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563753", "title": "Traffic diversions for Eid prayers", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities have decided to impose traffic diversions from 7 am onwards for Eid prayers on Sunday.Only pedestrians would be allowed to go towards Slaughter House road. All vehicles coming from Colonelganj and heading towards Bakarmandi crossing would be routed through Vivek Talkies to McRobertganj Dhal. Only rickshaws would go towards Bakarmandi crossing till 8.30 am.No vehicles would be allowed to proceed towards Idgah from Bakarmandi crossing.Those vehicle owners who have to proceed towards Mall Road will be allowed to go through Lal Imli crossing. Rickshaws from Hospital Road would be allowed to proceed towards Bakarmandi only till 8.30 am.No vehicle will be permitted to head towards Cycle Market from Lal Imli.All those vehicle owners who have to go towards GT Road will be routed through Mall Road via Narhona crossing. The same route would be taken for reaching Ghantaghar and proceeding further for reaching Kalpi Road.No vehicle would go beyond Naala Road. Four-wheelers would be taking Rupam Talkies road to reach Halim College and further to reach Brahm Nagar. Vehicle owners would also be allowed to park the vehicles.No vehicle from Prem Nagar would be permitted to reach P Road and Sisamau except pedestrians. But rickshaws will be allowed to go towards Rambagh crossing from P Road till 8.30 am. No vehicle will be allowed to go towards Bajariya-Eidgah from Rambagh crossing. Only pedestrians will be allowed to go in the same direction.No vehicle will be allowed to go towards Eidgah from Benajhabar. Instead they would go through Arya Nagar to reach Vivek Talkies and Mall Road.No vehicle would go towards Bajariya Eidgah from Rambagh. Only pedestrians will be allowed to proceed ahead.No vehicle would proceed towards P Road from Jarib Chowki. No vehicle would go towards Bajariya and Idgah from Brahm Nagar. All such vehicles would be routed through Motijheel to reach Ashok Nagar.No vehicle would head towards Idgah from Benajhabar.The vehicles would proceed towards Arya Nagar to reach Mall Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15564442", "title": "Residents fume over bad roads in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: People of Chauhan Plat in Priyadarshini colony's at 6th cross here are living in a pathetic condition with no basic amenities in their area for decade.The HDMC authorities have not taken any measure to improve the roads and proper gutters since many years. People have to wade through knee deep waters whenever it rains as water gets clogged in absence of gutters and good road system. The inside roads are also in a bad condition with no proper tarring on roads.Despite nestled between residential colonies , the area is closer to Hubli Airport on Gokul road. Many people have built their houses in the area with most residents being officers, businessmen, retired people and others. However, the area has not seen any improvement.Speaking to TOI, G S Viraktamath, resident of Priyadarshini colony, said: \"During the rainy season, it is very hard to travel on the roads. All roads get filled with water in the absence of gutters in the area. However, after laying UGD, the roads aren't repaired.\"Due to the bad mud roads and the rainy season it is tough to walk in this road. Even though it is dusty during the summer season, residents are tired of complaining to the authorities hoping to seek a solution.S N Dugadi, resident of Priyadarshini colony, said that in the absence of gutters, the drain water flows and creates inconvenience to the pedestrians. \"It is tough to walk on the road for old aged people and children. Motorists are using alternative roads due to the bad condition of this road,\" Dugadi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564162", "title": "Private hospital nurses to get minimum wages", "text": "KOCHI: If a nurse employed as a temporary staff works even for a day in a hospital, then the management would have to pay the minimum wages decided by the government.This decision was taken after labour minister Shibu Baby John and health minister V S Sivakumar met the nurses and hospital management of Mar Baselios hospital, Kothamangalam, on Sunday. The bitter 117-day standoff between striking nurses and management of the hospital ended on Thursday.It was also decided that the nurses would work in three shifts. So far, the hospital managements were unwilling to recruit nurses as permanent staff as they would have to pay them minimum wages as salary. At present, nurses in some of the private hospitals are paid just Rs 3,000 per month, but now they will get anything between Rs 7,000 to Rs 8,500 a month.\"Some hospitals refuse to pay minimum wages to their nurses. We have asked for a report from all hospitals and if any hospital is found to be defaulting, we will take up the matter with the state government,\" said united nurses association state secretary Sudeep Krishnan.Indian Nurses Association joint secretary, Jomon John, said \"Almost 75% of the nurses will benefit from this decision\".Meanwhile, police registered cases against nearly 100 nurses who blocked a rally at Kothamangalam organized as part of Independence Day. Police officials said that the cases were registered against the nurses for showing disrespect to the nation. \"We also took two persons into custody for unleashing violence under the cover of nurses agitation,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15567221", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi Manav Seva Awards awards announced", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajiv Gandhi Manav Seva Awards for service to children were announced on Sunday for persons who have made contribution in the field of child protection and welfare.The Women and Child Development Ministry announced the awards for 2011 for R Ravi Kumar, Swami Japananda and N Thungdemo Kikon.While Kumar is the president of Sri Gayatri Welfare and Cultural Youth Academy, Visakhapatnam, Japananda is the chairman of Swami Vivekananda IRHC, Pavagada. Kikon is the founder secretary of Wondang-Ki-Charitable Foundation in Dimapur, Nagaland.The Rajiv Gandhi Manav Seva Award is conferred on three individuals who make outstanding contribution in the field of child protection, child development or child welfare for over ten years. The Award carries a cash prize of Rs one lakh and a citation to each awardee, an official statement said here.The award was instituted on August 20 1994, the 50th birth anniversary of late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi to honour individuals who have made outstanding contribution towards the cause of children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569754", "title": "Nayanthara to dub for herself?", "text": "The buzz in the industry is that actress Nayanthara is all set to dub for herself in her forthcoming Tamil-Telugu bilingual, Ongaram. The film, directed by Krish (of Vaanam fame), has her paired opposite Rana Daggubati.A source says, \"Nayan plays a documentary filmmaker in the film, and her lines are more contemporary. Moreover, her grasp of Tamil and Telugu is very good. So, Krish has told Nayan to consider dubbing for herself in the film. While Nayan has not given a definitive answer yet, looks like she is keen to try out dubbing.\"Krish had earlier told us, \"This film is inspired by certain real life incidents. The story is set in Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border, and is based on land mafia. Rana is playing a theatre artist and Nayan, a documentary filmmaker. The two are poles apart. While Rana is self-centred, Nayan has a selfless approach towards life in general. The two make the most unlikely pair, and yet, have superb chemistry.\"The film is titled Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "15564513", "title": "Police lodge case against vandalisers", "text": "JHANSI: Cops averted a major clash like situation in Jhansi after it was discovered that some miscreants had mutilated the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar in village Sersa under police station Pooch. In a quick response the administration repaired the statue. The statue of Ambedkar situated in the main crossing had a broken finger and glasses. Within no time hundreds of supporters gathered and started demonstrating. Seeing the seriousness of the situation , heavy police force was deployed and SP Rural and ADM Jhansi went to the situation. As per Dinesh Chand, SP Rural, after a detailed negotiation, the idol was repaired and a case was lodged against unidentified people for vandalising the statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15564067", "title": "Out of fuel on e-way, family sweats for hours", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Your dream ride on the smooth-as-silk Yamuna Expressway can quickly turn into a nightmare if you do not have enough fuel for the 165km journey. For, there's still no facility for refueling on the entire expressway stretch.A Noida resident found out the hard way on Friday, when he and his family had to sweat in the sun for three hours after they ran out of fuel on the expressway. Calling the toll number and even pleading with a patrol vehicle was of no help, he claimed.Finally, Yadav had to call up a friend in Mathura and ask him to bring some fuel for his vehicle.'I called e-way operator thrice but no help came'\"I was very excited about the prospect of driving my Toyota Fortuner on the Yamuna E-way. But the trauma we went through after my SUV ran out of fuel has given me a fever and I've been bedridden ever since,\" said Naresh Yadav.Yadav, a property dealer and developer, said his family planned to visit Mathura via the expressway. \"We left Noida in the morning and reached Mathura around 10am. After spending two hours in the holy city, we started our journey back around noon. On reaching the Mathura toll plaza, I asked where I could refuel. The toll collector suggested we move onward towards Jewar for refueling,\" said Yadav.But the SUV ran out of fuel just a few kilometres from the Mathura toll gates, he said. \"We called up the toll numbers of the expressway operator thrice, but they refused to help. Around 1.15pm, we spotted an expressway patrol vehicle. Its personnel too refused to help and merely asked us to park the vehicle on one side,\" Yadav added.\"We had a terrible time waiting for hours in the sun. There is not even a shaded spot along the road. And there are only three toilets on 165km expressway - at each toll station,\" he said.When the expressway opened earlier this month, operator Jaypee Group had said fueling services through tankers would soon be available on the road, built at a cost of Rs 12,839 crore.\"We cannot cater to each and every vehicle on Yamuna Expressway. In emergency cases, we give a little fuel so that the commuter reaches the nearest fuel station. But commuters should check their fuel tank and tyres before entering the expressway,\" said a senior Jaypee official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563006", "title": "Cops to approach HC to claim damages", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police are likely to approach the Bombay high court to make the organizers of August 11 rally to pay for the damages. Police said that in the past the government had made several political parties, including the Shiv Sena , the MNS and the NCP, to pay for damages done during protests.The SIT probing the case said that 51 vehicles\u2014mostly government owned\u2014were damaged in the riots. While three vehicles of media television channels and two police vans were charred, 24 BEST buses, eight private vehicles and one vehicle each of the fire brigade and BMC were totally damaged. \"We have asked the BMC, fire brigade and BEST to submit their losses and send the reports regarding the cost of the damages. We will soon take help of the high court's direction for recovery of damages from those responsible for the protest,\" said an officer.Police said that once the report is ready, they will forward it to the collector who will in turn issue recovery notices to the parties concerned responsible for the damages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15563769", "title": "Residents to put up signboards for safer drive", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fearing the unsafe roads connecting their localities to Ferozepur Road, residents of colonies near Sidhwan Canal, including Country Homes and Sukhmani Enclave, have decided to themselves put up signboards to keep commuters aware on diversions and blind turns on the road.\"We have decided to put up sign boards on the road along Sidhwan Canal at blind turns and connecting road-stretches to ensure safety on the road. There have been many accidents near Sidhwan, including the recent death of 26-year-old Rajanpartab, which has instilled fear among residents of the neighbourhood,\" says owner of NKH hammers and president of Country Homes welfare association Kulwant Singh.Association general secretary and a renowned dentist Vivek Saggar says they are also coordinating with office bearers of other associations urging them to join the activity. General secretary of Sukhmani Enclave welfare association and businessman Rakesh Singhal says it is a good activity on the part of the community to ensure safety on roads and he would urge other associations too, to join the initiative. Singhal says they also have plans of getting the plantation along canal pruned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "i stumbled upon this bit of anthem trivia in my inbox the other day; the urdu poet, jagan nath azad penned the first pakistani national anthem, at the behest of jinnah. from my sketchy memory of the terribly dull history books written by the pantheon of pakistan studies \u2014 the man we honoured for the qaumi tarana was hafeez jallandari. however, i got an 'e' in pakistan studies \u2014 and i won't tell all of you good south asian parents with aspirations for your children, what that meant for me when i got home to my academically-demanding mother \u2014 but this might mean that my regurgitation of history facts could be suspect. jallandari was from jalandhar , azad from mianwali . the two crisscrossed after 1947, as many similar tales reflect. but the story of the anthem authorship got lost in the midst. this independence \u2014 some 65 years on \u2014 there has been an effort to revive this story. to read the full story, i would head to beena sarwar's piece in fountain ink \u2014 pakistan's 'lost' anthem, which provides rich details about the climate in which jinnah asked azad, a leading urdu writer to pen his anthem, the opening lines of which are", "code": "15564626", "title": "Lost anthem: Song Jinnah asked Hindu poet to write", "text": "I stumbled upon this bit of anthem trivia in my inbox the other day; the Urdu poet, Jagan Nath Azad penned the first Pakistani national anthem, at the behest of Jinnah. From my sketchy memory of the terribly dull history books written by the pantheon of Pakistan Studies \u2014 the man we honoured for the Qaumi Tarana was Hafeez Jallandari. However, I got an 'E' in Pakistan Studies \u2014 and I won't tell all of you good South Asian parents with aspirations for your children, what that meant for me when I got home to my academically-demanding mother \u2014 but this might mean that my regurgitation of history facts could be suspect. Jallandari was from Jalandhar , Azad from Mianwali . The two crisscrossed after 1947, as many similar tales reflect. But the story of the anthem authorship got lost in the midst. This independence \u2014 some 65 years on \u2014 there has been an effort to revive this story. To read the full story, I would head to Beena Sarwar's piece in Fountain Ink \u2014 Pakistan's 'Lost' Anthem, which provides rich details about the climate in which Jinnah asked Azad, a leading Urdu writer to pen his anthem, the opening lines of which are: O pure land The stars illuminate each particle of yours Your very dust is today brighter than a rainbow O pure land As with many things in Pakistan, the anthem was pulled after Jinnah's death in 1948. One can well imagine an envious lot of writers vying for the glory of anthem writing. How could Jinnah have given this grand gig to a Hindu, one who had left Pakistan for India ? One more reason to wonder why more thought hasn't gone into the invective-ridden analysis of Jinnah in India. Certainly Azad understood what was at stake and as Sarwar tells us, his sense of Jinnah desperate to create a secular environment . Azad recounted his tale in his autobiography 'Ankhein Tarasti Hain' , and sadly isn't here to answer other questions today. Pakistan's third generation is trying to make amends. In a tribute to Azad, a Pakistani singer, Shahvaar Ali Khan has composed and sung Azad Ki Dua, with a music video that recognizes the forgotten anthem writer. Anthems aside, the reality in 1947 was something quite different to the Pakistan of today. The latest Pakistan census \u2014 1998 \u2014 records a 96.28% Muslim population with Hindus (1.6%) and Christians (1.59%). Given that this data is 14 years old and that stories of Hindus fleeing victimization and Christians seeking refuge in North America and other spaces, abound, one can safely assume that these statistics would have shifted in favour of the 96.28%.It's true that my generation of Pakistanis has always thought of Pakistan as a 95%+ Muslim nation . But at its inception the reality was quite different. In the early 1950s the Hindu population of Pakistan was more than 20% but this of course included East and West Pakistan \u2014 a significant number of Hindus were part of East Pakistan, and later, Bangladesh's population . No doubt, in addition to the realities on ground in Pakistan , the creation of Bangladesh would have diminished the soul of the white banner on the left side of the Pakistani flag. On this note, thumbs up for slogan on this August independence day by Romancing the Border, an initiative run by Indian and Pakistani students across the globe, backed by Stanford University . The partition generation has had an awfully long run in the political and cultural space. Here's a toast to Romancing the Border's slogan : Conflict Should Retire at 65. Hear hear.The author is a Delhibased Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570282", "title": "Daler Mehndi wishes Eid Mubarak with 'Bismillah'", "text": "Rightly recognized as one of the most creative, unique yet modest artists in the world music scene today, Daler Mehndi's Journey into Sufiana began much before he shot to fame as a Pop star! Blessed to have been born into a family that followed the path of Baba Nanak - the Guru who is the epitome of Sufism, it was natural for him to be Sufi at Heart &amp; Soul. His father was a Raagi (priest) at Takht Shri Patna Sahib, and he introduced Mehndi to Kirtan - the devotional chanting &amp; spiritual music at a very young age.Strongly inspired by Sufi ideology, music to him was a path to reach Divine. His passionate music expressed his longing and desire to union with the beloved, the primal. In his own words, \"I started singing Sufi since I was 6 years old, well the first shabad I was taught to sing was from Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji &amp; to me Shri Guru Granth Sahib is the biggest Sufi.\"The Performances in the Genre Sufi for Daler Mehndi started when the Film-maker and artist Muzaffar Ali invited Mehndi to render his soulful voice to timeless mystic poetry and verses at International Annual festival of Sufi music 'Jahan-e-khusrau'. The spell-binding performance was applauded as one of the best Sufi presentations. Honorable Chief Minister of Delhi heard Daler's Sufi in one of the concerts and fell in love with his soulful voice. So much so that she requested him to launch a Sufi album.Dedicating 2012 to Sufi music, Mehndi recreates the aura of Sufiana by releasing Bismillah digitally! 'Bismillah' by Daler Mehndi calls on the sacred consciousness that dwells in each and every one of us, &amp; celebrates the infinite divinity within - the Sufi way! It is a divine dialogue, set to captivating music, uplifting the soul to realms above. The album with three tracks is a special release for the special times, and carries a message of profound bliss and joy.From the traditional Sufi style to new age easy listening, the tracks have been melodiously set to Piano riffs. The ecstatic and entrancing music of 'Bismillah' will guide you into another dimension of existence where spiritual mystic and inner peace is revealed in a new light. Come, Surrender your Soul &amp; Celebrate the Divine within! Bismillah!!Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15568754", "title": "Jaya asks PM to stop attacks on Indian fishermen by Lankan navy", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as diplomatic tension simmers between India and Sri Lanka, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has once again raised the issue of alleged attacks on the fishermen from the state by Sri Lankan naval personnel.Reiterating her demand, the chief minister on Monday urged the Centre to take up the issue of attacks on Indian fishermen \"strongly\" with Sri Lanka and ensure that the Island nation's Navy strictly refrains from harassing them as they conduct fishing in their traditional waters.\"The Sri Lankan Navy, emboldened by the soft handling of the issue by the Government of India, is attacking/harassing the fishermen of Tamil Nadu with impunity. The statements at diplomatic level meetings of the two countries stating that \"the use of force on fishermen cannot be justified by any means\" remain only on paper and are honoured more in the breach by the Sri Lankan Navy, who seem to be making a mockery of the entire diplomatic process\", she said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Recalling a recent attack on Indian fishermen by the Lankan navy in which eight fishermen were injured, she said, \"This incident is yet another instance of high handedness of Sri Lankan Naval personnel who keep on targeting the poor and innocent fishermen of Tamil Nadu while they try to eke out their livelihood through fishing\".Demanding that the PM take steps to ensure that such incidents do not occur in future, she said the Indian fishermen conduct fishing in their traditional waters for their subistence. \"I am distressed to once again have to point out that the incidents of harassment of Indian fishermen by the Sri Lankan Navy simply continue unabated\", she chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563512", "title": "Olympics debacle shadow over marriage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It should have been a mega show but turned out to be a low-key affair, thanks to Indian hockey's dismal performance at the London Olympics.The wedding of Indian hockey team's skipper Bharat Chetri with city-based hockey player Geeta here on Sunday had no frills and fanfare with the bride and groom deciding to keep it that way.The marriage was solemnized at a hotel in Sector 24 on Sunday night in the presence of around 100 guests, mainly consisting of family members, a few of his teammates and Hockey India officials.The groom came to the wedding sporting a green sherwani while the bride was in a red sari. The engagement ceremony was held just before the Olympic qualifiers earlier this year. Twenty-three-year-old Geeta, a hockey goalkeeper and a resident of Sector 45, is a graduate from MCM DAV College and has represented Chandigarh in national games.Chetri decided to keep his marriage low-key after India's disastrous run at London Olympics, where the eight-time champions finished last in the 12-team men's hockey competition.Originally hailing from Darjeeling, Chetri is now settled in Bangalore where he works with the Canara Bank . Accompanied by parents and close relatives, Chetri had checked into the hotel on Saturday afternoon.Chetri made his debut in international hockey in 2001 playing in the Prime Minister's Gold Cup tournament in Dhaka, Bangladesh . He was made captain of the Indian team in October 2011 for the four-nation Super Series and an international tournament in Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567641", "title": "'Greater Elephant' reaches out to the public for funding", "text": "After the successful release of his first film The Untitled Kartik Krishnan Project, independent director and bassist for metal/harcore band Scribe, Srinivas Sunderrajan is all set to release his second film Greater Elephant.Srinivas has decided to release the film independently and approach distributors and cinemas himself. To do so he requires both courage as well as funding, and while the director has plenty of the former, he's decided to turn to cinephiles and supporters of the independent arts across the country to help with the latter.The film is complete and the funds collected will be used to release the film in theatres and also on its publicity and promotions to enable more people to hear about and watch the film when it does release later this year.Speaking about the initiative, Srinivas says, \"The concept of crowd-funding is very new in India. I see it as 'of the people, by the people, for the people' - where people are the cinema viewers. Usually it's done before a film is made or during the post-production. In our case, we're doing it to raise funds so that the film can be released theatrically. A considerable amount of money is usually spent to get the film to the local cinema screen. And we realised that we fell short of it because of the investments in the film. Hence I decided to turn to my loyal friends and their loyal networks to help us get the film out. And it's not for my selfish gain, but for the greater good - a film that can be viewed by many solely because it was supported by like minded people and their monetary contribution.\"Greater Elephant has also secured a release date in San Francisco in August 2012 where it will be screened as a part of the Indian Film Festival of Hope. The film will also be screened in Copenhagen at a festival called CPH PIX at the end of August 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15564202", "title": "Corporation to keep tab on drinking water quality in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Finally, the corporation authorities have taken steps to put in place a permanent mechanism to check the quality of drinking water being supplied from Mananchira pond, the main drinking water reservoir in the city. The civic body has entrusted the senior health inspector of the area to ensure that only safe drinking water is supplied from the reservoir to various parts of the city.The senior health inspector assisted by two health inspectors will conduct periodic checking of the water quality. Mayor A K Premajam has asked the health staff to chlorinate the water to ensure zero coliform bacteria. The civic body has also urged the health staff to provide bleaching powder to private parties fetching water directly from the reservoir using tanker trucks. The health officials have been directed to submit reports on the periodic water quality tests they conduct.The decision in this regard was taken at a meeting of health officials convened by the mayor on Monday. The civic body has three main water sources within its limit -- Neelichira, Mananchira and Thamarakulam. Hotels and institutions in the city depend mainly on the water from Mananchira reservoir.The corporation has been inviting the wrath of people from all walks of life for the absence of a mechanism to check the quality of drinking water supplied from the reservior.The opposition in the council demanded a permanent facility in the corporation after an incident of untreated water supplied by private parties in Ernakulam had been brought to the notice of the authorities. The test conducted by the Centre for Water Resources Development and Management (CWRDM) had also confirmed the presence of coliform bacteria in the water sample taken from Mananchira pond.Deputy mayor P T Abdul Latheef had in the council meeting held in April had mooted an idea of entrusting the CWRDM to check water quality.\"We will conduct similar quality checks by taking water samples from Neelachira and Thamarakkulam ponds also. We are also considering a project to set up a permanent mechanism to test the quality of drinking water in the city in the 2012-2013 People's Plan,\" said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15563951", "title": "MLAs recommend Nelliyampathy takeover", "text": "KOCHI: A group of UDF MLAs, in their report on the controversial Nelliyampathy issue, has suggested that the government take over Cherunelli estate and other environmentally sensitive areas encroached on by settlers.Five MLAs - V D Satheesan, T N Pratapan, Hibi Eden, V T Balram, all four from Congress, and M V Shreyams Kumar from Socialist Janata (Democratic) Party - submitted their report on Sunday to JSS leader Rajan Babu, who currently heads the UDF panel looking into the divisive issue. Congress leader M M Hassan who was heading the panel earlier had quit after these MLAs announced their decision to visit Nelliyampathy for a separate study.The MLAs, pointing out these estates are part of the buffer zone around Periyar Tiger Reserve, wanted the government to take a policy decision whether to retain them as plantation areas or to convert them into forest land. They have also suggested that the interests of small and marginal farmers, as well as workers in these estates, be protected.Replying to questions, the MLAs said they supported the demand made by forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar for a CBI inquiry into charges of land grabbing at Nelliyampathy, and argued that the government must resist all attempts to fan emotions in the name of \"farmers' interests\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15562550", "title": "Ind vs NZ: New Zealand hope to 'swing' it their way", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though New Zealand never dominated world cricket like the West Indian and Australian teams have done, they have still been a very competitive side. From 1980s to till about 2006, they were a real force to reckon with in international cricket. The likes of Richard Hadlee , Martin Crowe , John Wright and Ewen Chatfield etc. ensured that they were no mere pushovers. They literally punched above their weight but after 2006 one has witnessed a steady decline in their fortunes.The 2-0 win over the West Indies in a three-match series in 2006 was most probably their last emphatic result against one of the top eight sides in Test cricket. Since then, out of 10 Test wins, six have been against Bangladesh and Zimbabwe but against the better sides their results have been dismal.The recent tour to the West Indies where they lost the two-match Test series 2-0 is an indication of the depths that they have plunged to. Picking themselves up from such low levels will not be easy as they are up against a formidable India whom they take on in a two-match Test series which begins at the RJIC Stadium, here from April 23.However, on Sunday after their first practice session, skipper Ross Taylor and coach Mike Hesson sounded upbeat.\"It is a huge challenge to face the Indians on their home grounds. They are a very tough side in home conditions. We need to have plans in place to counter all possible challenges,\" Taylor said.\"They play a few spinners and hence it will be a good challenge. But we are ready to face it and put India under pressure,\" Taylor said.\"We have got some fresh ideas and made a few changes in the squad as well. We want to put India under sort of pressure,\" Hesson, who took over from John Wright as coach of the New Zealand team, said.The coach said they have made their homework to put India on the back foot. \"It does swing here in. There is bit of pace and bounce over there. Bangalore could be a bit of variety, nibble around and can turn later. We are preparing for the tour accordingly,\" he added.The Kiwi skipper was not too concerned about his team not playing any warm-up games before the Test series and reminded that on their last trip to India it was the same yet they drew two Test matches.However, he was wary of the Indian attack, especially the pacers. \"We have to be careful especially with the Indian bowling attack with fast bowlers Zaheer Khan and Umesh Yadav being not only good with the new ball but have the ability to reverse swing. This can be a major factor in these conditions,\" he said.The absence of left-arm spinner Daniel Vettori for the Test series has been a big setback for the Kiwis and Taylor confessed that it was a big loss. He, however, added that it should give the others a chance to prove their mettle. \"Anyone who plays over 100 Tests is definitely a big time player. We are going to miss Vettori.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15563226", "title": "Vigilant locals foil robbery attempt into Margao market shop", "text": "MARGAO: Alert residents foiled an attempt by unidentified culprits to break into a jewellery shop located in the main Margao city market area on Saturday night.Police sources said that the accused tried to gain entry into the shop, 'Laxmi Jewellers', in the dead of the night by making a hole in the wall. However, the activities of the culprits alerted the residents staying on the upper stories of the building who raised an alarm. Though some of the locals tried to catch the thieves, the culprits took to their heels.The police were informed and they have seized the equipment used by the accused to make a hole in the wall.The security guard employed in the building complex has gone missing since the incident, prompting the police to suspect his role in the robbery attempt. The Margao police have booked an offence against unknown accused and investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564657", "title": "Compensation not taxable: Consumer body", "text": "NEW DELHI: Damages awarded cannot be equated with income liable to tax deduction at source (TDS), the apex consumer commission has held.The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (NCDRC) gave the order while directing the Airport Authority of India (AAI) to refund the \"tax deducted at source (TDS)\" it had subtracted from the compensation it had to pay to a couple for death of their daughter.The AAI had been asked by the apex consumer commission on August 5, 2004 to pay Rs 2.5 lakh as damages to a Dubai-based couple after their young daughter had died while getting off an escalator maintained by the Authority.The NCDRC while directing the AAI to refund the sum of TDS to complainants, Geeta and Parmanand Jethani, observed that the authority should not have made the deduction in the first place and instead should have referred the matter to the Income Tax department.\"First of all the respondent (Airport Authority of India) should not have deducted the TDS. An information to the Income Tax Authority would have sufficed.\"In the instant case, the compensation is by way of damages. The damages paid for the death of a person cannot be equated with income as such. Consequently, the opposite party (AAI) is directed to pay the TDS amount along with interest of 9 per cent per annum,\" the bench presided by Justice J M Malik said.The NCDRC order came on a plea by the Jethanis seeking directions to the AAI to release the Rs 2.5 lakh it had been directed to pay by the apex consumer commission.During the pendency of the Jethanis' petition, the AAI paid the compensation but only after deducting the TDS out of it and contended that since the TDS had already been deducted, the Jethanis should seek its refund from the Income Tax authorities to whom the amount was handed over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568227", "title": "Arbaaz's motivational secret is out!", "text": "Few know that Arbaaz Khan loves reading motivational books. He has a collection of them. The actor feels that self-help books can be of great help especially if you are feeling low and need a morale booster. So when Malaika's friend wrote a motivational book and wanted her to read it; it was not Malaika but Arbaaz who promptly read it.A source close to the Khan family revealed that a friend of Malaika's had penned down a self-help inspirational book and gave the manuscript to Malaika to read it.\"But instead of Malaika it was Arbaaz who ended up reading the manuscript. Arbaaz then promptly gave his feedback to Malaika's friend on the book. Of course, the freind was taken by surprise when Arbaaz shared his views but at the same time happy to receive a candid response from a not so familiar Arbaaz than friend Malaika,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567318", "title": "Character of Babban closest to my heart: Chunky", "text": "Actor Chunky Pandey says that the character of Babban in Tezaab being still closest to his heart.He clarified that the teaming up again with Anil Kapoor is not on the cards as was rumoured to some time back. \"We are not working in any such kind of project. One has to go to Hollywood in order to catch up with Anil, says the actor with a laugh. But on a serious note he says , I am now keen to do a serious role as there has been an overdose of laughter,\" he says.On his presence in award nights he says \" though I was nominated for awards for films like Tezaab and Apna Sapna Money Money but I never won an award. Now I am not even nominated for any awards but still I attend the award functions as I love being there despite figuring prominently in a lot of leg pulling that goes around in the award ceremonies. Agale saal se mein sooch raha hoon ki jo log mera mazaak ura rahe hain unse paise charge karoon. Jo bhi mera naam lega use paise dene honge, \" he says with a laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15568987", "title": "Kodkani in Siddapur taluk, wettest in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in one district; fairly widespread in one; scattered in four; isolated and negligible respectively in 12 districts each in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday, a period that saw Kodkani in Siddapur taluk of Uttara Kannada district record maximum rainfall of 42mm in Karnataka. South-west monsoon was normal in five districts; and weak in 25 districts, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Rather heavy rain was recorded in two districts; moderate rain in 10; light rain in six; very light rain in 10; and no rain in two districts. Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned last 24-hours is considered as isolated since 14 % of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall of greater than or equal to 2.5mm. W idespread, rather heavy rain was received in Shimoga district; and fairly widespread, rather heavy rain in Uttara Kannada district.Likewise, scattered, light to moderate rain was recorded in Udupi, Gulbarga, Chikmagalur and Davanagere districts; isolated, light to moderate rain in Kodagu, Koppal, Dakshina Kannada, Hassan, Mandya, Belgaum, Bidar, Dharwad, Bijapur, Haveri, Chitradurga and Tumkur districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 20 has recorded deficit rainfall of 31%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 618.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 427.4mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 20, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 1.6mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 6mm, a deficit of 73%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563123", "title": "Four nabbed by rural local crime branch for suspected land fraud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural local crime branch (LCB) rounded up four persons with a huge stock of documents for suspected land fraud from Bavla on Saturday evening. The accused doctored the documents and tried to sell off their clients' land as their own.Officials said that the phenomenon is directly related to skyrocketed land prices due to a number of auto projects lining up in the region.A team of LCB officials led by inspector D J Chavda got a tip-off about a gang systematically collecting documents related to land possession and trying to sell it off. Two teams raided shops at Dev Arcade in Bavla market area and Madhav Complex near Bavla government hospital on Saturday evening.The arrested include Hasubhai Koli, 36, Navghan Koli, 35, both residents of Devthadal, Chehar Chauhan, 37, a resident of Lagdana and Kiransinh Chauhan, 20, a resident of Chiyada. All the villages are located near Bavla.Chavda said that the first three work as land brokers and are in contact with a number of farmers and land owners. \"They would offer to get them good prices for their lands and then ask for the documents such as identity cards, election cards and land documents. On the basis of that, the group used to forge power of attorney, death certificate and specimen of 7/12 used in land deals,\" he said.The accused used a scanner-cum-colour printer for the forgery. \"We recovered 31 documents related to various land deeds in Sanand and Bavla from the two offices. It were not only the documents that are worrisome, the group had actually got a book of notary to legalize the documents. In short, it was a parallel mamlatdar office that they were running,\" said an investigator.LCB officials said that they have not got any complaint against the group and thus have been booked for the forgery but expect the complaints pouring in after the arrest. \"Questioning is on to know whether the group had sold any land. We are preparing a list of all the victims and are contacting them to gather more evidence,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15562905", "title": "Hoax calls to settle scores, play prank land 3 in cop net", "text": "MUMBAI: Three hoax callers who put the authorities in panic mode were held in separate instances by the GRP's crime branch. Personal grudges turned out to be the motives in two of the three cases.A 20-year-old tailor, Mateen Ahmed, was picked up from his Dharavi home on Sunday. He had called up '100' on 12 days. The last time he called the cops, he said he wanted \"to blow up Jogeshwari station\". \"Mateen was probably unaware that the control room has caller ID. The number he had called from belonged to Dharavi resident Wahid Ansari who told us that he had given his SIM card to Mateen,\" an officer said. \"Mateen claims he made the calls as he wanted to play pranks.\"In another case, Kharghar resident Nilambar Panigrahi (42) called up the police control room on August 15 and said he was beaten up at Reay Road station. He said his attacker was carrying an explosive device and was travelling between Wadala and Reay Road stations. \"Panigrahi said he made the hoax call as he wanted his attacker to get into trouble,\" said the officer.In the third case, a 27-year-old driver, Parvindkumar Bhatia, was held after he called up the control room and said 13 bombs were to explode in the CST to Kurla belt. Bhatia also claimed responsibility for the Pune blasts.Bhatia (27) made the calls from two cellphone numbers. He identified himself as businessman Mohan Pawar and claimed to have set up the bombs with his son-in-law Praveen Thamke. The numbers were traced to businessmen Parmeshwar Mahato and Wali Mahato, who told the cops their handsets were stolen. Bhatia was their employee and had stolen the handsets. He made the hoax calls to exact revenge on Pawar for sacking him for theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569010", "title": "The Mohanlal-Mammootty camaraderie", "text": "Two of the biggest superstars of Indian cinema - Malayalam film industry's Mohanlal and Mammootty, set an example of how colleagues and friends ought to be.At the recently held music launch of Mammootty's flick Thappana , Mohanlal took time off to be a part of the do. The duo was seen chatting away before and after the event, and it was Mohanlal who received the first copy of the music album from Mammootty.However, the camaraderie between the two is hardly new. Earlier this year, it was Mammootty who did the honours during the music launch of Mohanlal's Spirit . In fact, Mohanlal himself was not able to make it for the event. So it was Mammootty who filled in for his fellow star and ensured the event turned out to be a success.Such display of friendship between the two now puts to rest all the rumours surrounding a possible age-old bitterness between the two. Sources say that it was the celebrity cricket tournament that helped bring not just these two stars, but the entire industry together. \"Did we not see Mammootty at the cricket stadium, cheering the loudest from the podium and egging the team, led by Mohanlal, on to a win at the celebrity cricket matches only some time ago?\" point out our sources.Yet others tell us, \"It is easy to put up a show. The Malayalam film industry is much smaller compared to others, and the actors realize how important it is for them to stand together as one as far as the public eye is concerned.\" Well, whether it is a show or not, the fans definitely like what they see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "15564509", "title": "30-year-old kills alcoholic husband in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: Fed up with the alcoholic behaviour, a 30-year-old woman killed her husband using a club with the help of her brother on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday and fled with her four children. The dead body was later discovered by a neighbour. The incident took place at Barata under police station Baragaon.As per Hakim Singh, SO, Baragaon, Suman who was married to Ashajeet (36) was fed up with latter's drinking habits and used to have regular quarrel. On Saturday night she called her brother Chanchu, after which a brawl broke out. The brawl was so intense that Ashajeet was hit by a club on his head and he succumbed to his injuries.Suman along with her four children and brother fled the place. Police has sent the body for post-mortem and has booked Suman and her brother under section 302 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562823", "title": "MSEDCL infrared meters to squeal on power thieves", "text": "NAGPUR: Power pilferers in Nagpur district, barring Spanco franchisee areas, should start paying their electricity bills honestly. MSEDCL is now installing infrared meters, where tampering can be detected by the handset used for taking the meter reading.An MSEDCL official said 5,000 infrared meters will be installed in Congress Nagar and MIDC divisions while another 4,000 meters will be installed in Nagpur I, Nagpur II and Katol divisions, which cover areas outside Nagpur municipal limits. Another 37,000 meters will be installed in remaining five districts of Nagpur revenue division. Consumers will not be charged for installation of these meters.Explaining the technology, MSEDCL officials said an infrared meter works on technology similar to that used to transfer data between two mobile phones. \"A meter reading handset will be synchronized with 2,000 meters. The handset can take the readings of only these 2,000 meters. We will feed 20 types of data into the handset pertaining to the meters. If a meter is tampered with, the handset will show 'abnormal reading' on its screen.\"\"The meter reader will automatically know which meter is tampered with and pass on the information to vigilance officials. We will not have to go through consumption pattern of consumers or depend on tip offs to identify power pilferers,\" he said.The meter reader will be connected to the MSEDCL server. As soon as a reading is taken, the data will be transferred to the server. The recently installed general packet radio service (GPRS) enabled meter reading system also does the same thing.There are other advantages of infrared meters. The official said there would be no chance of faulty readings, recorded intentionally or erroneously. The meters have an inbuilt battery, which would enable MSEDCL to take meter readings even if the meter had stopped working in the absence of power supply.MSEDCL also plans to go in for radio frequency meters. These meters would automatically record readings of all meters within a certain range. The meter reader will not be required to go to every house to take the readings.The distributor has come a long way in measuring power consumption more accurately. In the first phase, electromechanical meters were replaced by electronic ones. Then, photo billing was introduced so that the reading was visible on the bill. Next came GPRS-enabled cameras, which immediately transfer the reading to the company's server and also indicate the spot where the reading had been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564267", "title": "Eid today, special prayers to be held for peace in North East", "text": "COIMBATORE: The ongoing crisis in the North Eastern states will figure in the special prayers to be offered in mosques across the city on the occasion of Eid on Monday. Community members will be asked to pray for restoration of peace in the affected areas of North East along with world peace and harmony. Special prayer will be held after the main prayer for Eid which will begin at 9.30 am. Most of the mosque committees in the city have appealed to their members to maintain calm and not get carried away by rumours doing rounds.\"We have appealed to our community members to pay no heed to rumours. Islam is all about unity and harmony. We will pray to restore peace and harmony in the affected areas in North East during the special Eid prayers,\" said Haji Nasarudeen, secretary Coimbatore Hilal Committee and Ahile Sunnath Jamath Mosque Uppilipalayam.Special arrangements have also been made at the Athar Jamath Mosque, the oldest shrine in the city, ahead of the Eid prayers. More than 3,000 believers are expected to throng the mosque for Eid prayers on Monday.\"After Eid prayers we will have a brief sermon which will be followed by a special appeal to ensure world peace and harmony,\" said Mohammed Ibrahim, head priest, Athar Jamath Mosque on Oppanakara Street. Similar prayers will be held at as many as 120 mosques in Coimbatore under various Jamaths. The Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam (TMMK) has also made special arrangements near Ayesha Mahal on Palakkad Main Road for Eid prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15567269", "title": "Heavy firing between BSF, Pak Rangers at Jammu border, intruder killed", "text": "JAMMU: Heavy firing exchanges erupted along the international border after Pakistan again violated the ceasefire by targeting Indian posts to push in a group of militants in Akhnoor sector of Jammu district, where one intruder was killed.This is the fourteenth time that Pakistan has violated the ceasefire along the international border (IB) and Line of Control (LoC) in the last fortnight.Pakistani Rangers fired on Indian posts of Mala Bela, Garkhal, Sidra camp and Naka Number-10 along international border in Akhnoor sector of Jammu district around 2230 hours on Sunday night, officials said on Monday.The firing was aimed to facilitate a group of militants into Indian territory. \"We observed movement of suspected militants along border\", they said.BSF troops guarding the borderline fired back resulting in heavy exchanges, in which one intruder was killed and other escaped back, they said, adding firing continued till 7.30am on Monday.Pakistan troops also fired on the forward posts in Krishnagati belt along LoC in Poonch sector violating ceasefire late on Sunday night, they said, adding Army troops replied back and firing stopped after one hour.Pakistan has been repeatedly violating the ceasefire this month.On August 17, there was heavy cross-border small arms firing on India posts along international border in Abdullian and Korotona Border Out Posts (BoPS) from Pakistan in R S Pura sub-sector in which BSF jawan Chander Rai was killed.There were two firing incidents and ceasefire violations by Pakistan in Pansar Boder Out Post (BOP) along international border in Samba sector and Krishnagati forward belt along LoC barely on August 15.On August 13, Pakistani troops opened fire on Indian posts along the Indo-Pak border in Arnia sector of Jammu district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563465", "title": "State continues to neglect a population that fuels growth", "text": "CHENNAI: Ask one of the hundreds of men who have flooded the Chennai Central what his name is. Tamag, he might say. Or Angeu. Or James. You never know. Often they are nameless people with Mongoloid features. Until they gathered at the railway station, many in the city did not realise there were so many of them in Chennai.They are invisible and a silent group of toilers who have made Chennai their place of livelihood. Working at construction sites, many of them don't have identity cards, registration or structured wages. This is in violation of a Supreme Court order that all state governments should register migrant workers under the Building and Other Construction Workers Regulation of Employment and Conditions of Service) Act, 1996.J K Tripathy, city police commissioner said the police has no database of migrant workers living in the city. The state labor department is yet to prepare a register of migrant workers, even though many of them work for multi-crore government projects in the state.Rubin Singh, a migrant from Guwahati, was lured to work at a construction site near Taramani with an offer of 5,000- 8,000 as advance pay. \"My first thought was to accept it. But, we get paid only a pittance of 140 for eight hours and 180 for 12 hours a day,\" he explained before catching a train home via Patna .Experts suggest migrant workers should be brought under the welfare net and provided PDS cover and benefits such as health cards and access to social security services. Kerala, for instance, has put in place a better model, distributing identity cards to thousands of them. The health department there organizes health camps and the labour department inspects sites and fines employers who fail to provide standardized facilities for workers.R Geetha, who works with migrant workers, said the labour department in TN refuses to include migrant labourers in its welfare schemes.\"The state is least bothered about thousands of workers who build our metro rail, airport and huge buildings in the city. So, they live like slaves without any social security drawing a pittance of 3,000 - 5000 a month,\" she said.Madhumita Dutta, an activist of the Campaign for Justice and Peace, who works with about 2,000 migrant workers at a fabrication plant near Sriperumbudur said, \"They live like animals. They live in places that are worse than cattle sheds. The sewage and drain water over flows and they prepare food in very unhygienic conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564327", "title": "Students protest shooting of film at City College", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cops foiled a bid by students of City College to stage a protest against a film shooting on their college premises on Sunday. According to Pavan Goud, a student of City College and ABVP member, the college authorities had declareda week's holiday was declared on August 14 saying that the college building was required to put up a police force that had come from outside for providing extra security during Ramzan and on the day of Eid. But the premises were allegedly handed over to a film crew for shooting a Pawan Kalyan movie titled 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu'. \"We learnt that shooting took place on Saturday afternoon. But it was too late before we could gather students to stop it. So aAround 20 students headed for the college on Sunday to stop the shooting and to demand why an educational institution, especially one that is housed in a heritage building, is being used for the purpose of commercial activities,\" he said.He added that shooting equipment was found lying on the campus when the students went to protest on Sunday morning. \"We found equipment usually used by the media, a van belonging to a cine service organisation and a hospital set up inside the building when we visited the college,\" he said. In the wake of a recent National Assessment and Accreditation Council (Naac) inspection at the college, TOI highlighted on August 12 the neglect that the heritage property was facing, and the fact that it was being repeatedly being leased out to filmmakers who in the past have even made changes to the facade of the building. However no changes were reportedly made to the building on this occasion.Charminar police inspector V Shyam Babu said, played down the incident.\"The college authorities have denied the allegations. They have also promised to speak to the students on the next working day,\" he said adding that there is no agenda to use the building for the police force.Principal C S N Sharma could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567228", "title": "10 Henna designs for Eid", "text": "On the eve of Eid, Muslim women and girls look forward to getting their hands painted with Henna. And this festive season, Arabian floral motifs are big, says celebrity mehendi artist Veena Nagda. TOI brings to you 10 henna designs you can get for this festive season .1. Rose is the flower motif of the season : This Arabian design uses elements of shading, lines and dots for effect. Motif wise- Mehendi artist Deepa Sharma recommends the Aroos mehendi that plays with peacock feathers. And if you like floral motifs, check out pic 3 for the tulip design. Or else you always have the Indian design. \"It never goes out of vogue ,\" Deepa says.2. Aroos mehendi3. Indian mehendi4. The Tulip motif5. Leaves and vine pattern6. A flower and dot design : Floral fusion- According to make up expert and Henna artist Harsha Rathod, the flavour of this season is fusion mehendi. \"Essentially, a fusion of Arabian and Indian, in these designs vines and leaves feature as prominently as the flowers,\" points out Harsha.7. Rose pattern8. Dubai's rose designElements of artMehendi artist Falguni Rajpara says that for festive occasions like Eid, people prefer designs that aren't too fine, yet intricate. And the one sure to get you noticed would be the rose motif, \"The rose design is a rage in Dubai these days,\" Rajpara tells us.9 . Indian floral design with checkered lines, criss-crosses and fish scales10 . The Kaju motif makes it as the holding motif", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569434", "title": "No kissing for me: Farah Khan", "text": "Farah Khan, who is overwhelmed about her debut at the age of 47, has her own inhibitions when it comes to kissing and intimate scenes.Farah confesses that as an actress, she is not open for intimate scenes. \"There is no love-making or kissing scenes in ' Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi '. There was one kissing scene in the script before I signed the film, but I insisted the director to remove it.\"The actress, however, adds, \"Interestingly, there is one towel scene in the film which Boman had to do. So, I was not worried about it.\"Farah feels that the simplicity of this middle-age love story will cut through all the age groups. \"It is a rom-com film and I cry at the climax. Its light-hearted, but it will surely touch you. It's the simplicity of this movie that makes it so special for me,\" concludes Farah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15564830", "title": "Tibetan govt-in-exile awaits India's report", "text": "MYSORE: The Tibetan government-in-exile has decided to wait for India's report on the attack on a Tibetan student in Mysore last week before drawing any conclusion.\"It's not the time to blame or point fingers at anybody. It is more important to safeguard diverse culture, secularism and communal harmony that India stands for,\" said Gyari Dolma, home minister for Tibetan government-in-exile.Dolma, who met Tenzin Dhargyal at Krishna Rajendra Hospital and enquired about his health on Sunday, told reporters that she was happy with the manner in which the state authorities had put their efforts to pacify tension and added that it was important for all residents to stand united. \"We shouldn't draw any conclusion before the final report of the police or the authorities concerned is out,\" she said. Earlier, Dolma met Tibetan settlement officers and Tibetan representatives and discussed the measures taken to resolve the misunderstanding over the Myanmar incident and safety measures taken at the settlement camps.Monks arrive in MysoreMeanwhile, scores of monks from various monasteries in Mundgod, Uttara Kannada, arrived in Mysore for a spiritual education programme scheduled this week. Tibetans have sought protection from local police following the recent incidents.Bylakuppe Tibetan settlement officer Jampa Phuntsok told TOI that about 250 monks to Mysore in a train and then reached Bylakuppe in a special bus. Another 150 monks are expected to join on Monday. Spiritual education programme is an annual affair and it is held in any one of the monasteries in Karnataka. This time, the spiritual programme is being held in Sera monastery, Jampa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15564134", "title": "'They wanted to kill me after Ramzan'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kolara Veetil Biju, who miraculously escaped from the captivity of Abu Sayaff, an extremist group in the Philippines, said the terrorist were planning to kill him after the month of Ramzan. \"The militants were fed up with the negotiation with Philippines government and they had decided to finish me off after Ramzan. I heard them saying in English that the drama would come to an end soon,\" said Biju.Biju along with his wife Elena, and son, arrived at Karippur International airport on Sunday afternoon. There was a rousing reception for Biju at airport by the people from his village, led by president of Moodadi panchayat, Pappan Moodadi. Biju's brother Shybu and his family members also were present at the airport.36-year-old Biju, who was working as an operation manager in a garment factory in Kuwait, was kidnapped by the Abu Sayyaf Group in the Philippines on June 22 last year while he was visiting his wife Elena's house in the coastal town of Patikul, in Sulu province.He suffered mental and physical harassment in different camps of militants for the last 14 months. He was seriously injured when the marines attacked the camp. 14 marines were killed by the militants in the encounter. \"Heads of nine Marines were chopped off. Militants told me that my fate also would be the same,\" said Biju, sharing his experience in militants' camps.\"Then I realized that the situation was getting worst. I thought of my family and started to look for ways to escape,\" Biju said.\"One evening after breaking the Ramzan fast in the evening, the militants who were guarding me went to sleep. Around 11pm, I woke up and found the guards were still fast asleep. I slowly slipped through the security cordon and started running as fast as I could. After covering more than five kilometres I ran into a man. He asked me, are you an Indian? I said, yes and I want to meet my family. Then he took me to his home and later to the house of the province member in a jeep,\" said Biju. \"For me he is the representative of the Almighty,\" said Biju.Biju was then taken to a police station and explained his plight to them. The Philippines officials later informed Indian authorities about Biju and he contacted his family over phone a few days back.Whole village was there to welcome himKOZHIKODE: Palakkulangara village in Moodadi near Koyilandi was in a festive mood on Tuesday, when Kolara Veetil Biju, along with his family reached home after a wait of 14 months. Palakulangara bazar and the road to Kolaraveetil house were decorated with kurutholas and banners welcoming Biju were erected by political parties and different organizations.Biju's mother Nalini and father Narayanan waited at home, while his brother Shybu with other relatives went to the airport to receive Biju and family. The Air India flight landed at airport around 12.35.When television screens flashed the news that Biju with his wife, Elena and sons Arjun and Ajay, had landed at Karippur, the locals bursted crackers to celebrate the moment. While Nalini, with the Biju's grandmother and other relatives watched the live visuals from airport on television, Narayanan was busy welcoming the visitors.People in large numbers gathered at Palakulangara town, when Biju reached there, who welcomed him with chendamelam and bursting crackers. The traffic on the national highway was blocked for more than 30 minutes.After the reception, Biju arrived at his house around 3pm. It was an emotionally charged moment. Biju and Elena, hugged Nalini and Narayanan at the entrance of the house. Narayanan who tried to control his emotion for a while, broke down watching the reunion.Later, Biju met the local people and thanked them for their prayers and support. Elena also joined him and expressed her thanks for the support from local people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563515", "title": "Biker helps cops nab hit-and-run cabbie in Kurla", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nehru Nagar police arrested taxi driver Shamlal Shahu (38) for rash driving after his vehicle knocked down a 56-year-old unidentified pedestrian in Kurla (E) on Sunday.Police said the incident occurred around 11.30am near Kurla signal on the Eastern Express Highway when Shahu was in a hurry to drop a passenger at the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA).The case was solved when an unidentified motorcyclist tipped off the police about the taxi driver's identity. \"The unidentified victim was crossing the street when the speeding taxi knocked him. The victim died on the spot. The taxi driver instead of helping the person fled from the spot,\" said a Nehru Nagar policeman.The police said that the biker who saw the accident chased Shahu's cab for over a kilometre and informed officials at a traffic chowkey. The biker helped the traffic police to catch Shahu at Suman Nagar junction.Shahu told the police he wanted to drop the passenger at the airport instead of waiting to provide medical assistance to the victim. He was booked under IPC section 304 (a) (negligence). He will be produced before court on Monday.In another case, a motorcyclist died after the vehicle he was riding went on to hit a dumper in Ghatkopar (west) around 5pm. Locals informed the police about the incident and the biker was rushed to hospital where he was declared dead before admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568301", "title": "Actress Jane Suzman slams actors", "text": "British actress and director Dame Janet Suzman has lashed out at two acclaimed Shakespearean actors who believe that the Bard was not the true author of the plays.The 73-year-old said it was 'strange' that Sir Derek Jacobi and Mark Rylance took the 'haughty' view that they were penned by an English aristocrat.According to her it was 'snobbish' to believe that the writer could not have been a playwright from Stratford Upon Avon - a market town and civic parish in south Warwickshire, England .Jacobi claimed the dramas were written by Edward de Vere, the 17th Earl of Oxford, who hid behind William Shakespeare because a nobleman could not be seen as a common playwright during those times.Rylance, who is currently performing in 'Richard III' at the Globe, has pointed out that details about Italy in the plays are 'exact' and the Earl had widely toured the country.The veteran, who has starred and directed in many Shakespeare dramas, said she got 'mad as a snake' over the myths and doubts about the man who has been regarded as the world's greatest poet and playwright.\"It annoyed me... I suddenly felt like Joan of Arc riding into battle,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling the Observer.She described last year's film 'Anonymous', which portrayed Shakespeare as a drunken fool and the Earl as a literary genius, as 'far-fetched' and a waste of money.In her new book 'Not Hamlet', Suzman devotes a chapter to 'conspiracy theories' surrounding Shakespeare who died at the age of 52 in 1616 after writing 37 plays, 154 sonnets and poems.\"You have to be a conspiracy theorist to imagine the earl secretly wrote 37 plays, performed and printed over a quarter of a century, without being found out,\" she said.\"And you have to be a snob if you just hate it that the greatest poet the world has produced was born into the humble aldermanic classes of a provincial town.\"How strange it is that Jacobi and Rylance, hundreds of years later, with their outstanding acting instincts, should embrace such a haughty view of the man who has made them as big as they are.\"We have seen a dozen times how thrillingly they themselves can conjure up fantastical character studies of fictional persons - without ever having been crowned king or murdered a rival in real life.\"It's what actors do for heaven's sakes, and Shakespeare was one too. It's called imagination,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569609", "title": "Why Gautham took on Raja!", "text": "Filmmaker Gautham Menon is well known for the music in his breezy love stories. Be it Minnale, Kaakha Kaakha, Vettaiyaadu Vilayaadu or Vinnai Thaandi Varuvaaya, the music - by composers like Harris Jayaraj and A R Rahman - has been much appreciated.And now, the director is working with Ilaiyaraaja in his upcoming Neethane En Ponvasantham . This is the first time that the combination is working on a film. Apparently, every time Gautham came up with a script, one of the first names that he'd think of to handle the music was Ilaiyaraaja! However, it wouldn't click due to many a reason. For Neethane En Ponvasantham (which is, interestingly, a song in the maestro's Ninaivellam Nithya ), he had decided that the music would have to be done by Ilaiyaraaja. Already, the two teaser songs from the film - one sung by Yuvan Shankar Raja and one by Karthik - are doing well on Youtube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15563279", "title": "Mule group wins but government-backed panel wrests control as two change sides", "text": "PANAJI: In a dramatic twist to the elections of the board of directors of the Goa state cooperative bank on Sunday, the government wrested control of the apex financing agency in the cooperative sector in Goa and Daman and Diu. The bank has total deposits of Rs 1,100 crore.The government-supported panel headed by Sanguem BJP MLA Subhash Phaldesai actually lost to the panel led by GSCB chairman Ramchandra Mule. The board has a total of 16 directors. Mule's panel fielded 15 candidates and won nine seats while the Phaldesai panel fielded seven candidates and won six.Hardly two hours after the election results were declared at 5.30pm, two victorious candidates from the Mule panel and one independent pledged support to the Phaldesai group taking their tally to nine. The two candidates who switched sides are Datta Hari Bhat and Umesh Balkrishna Shirodkar. The independent candidate who extended support to the Phaldessai group is Premanand Vasu Chawdikar. Officially, the bank elections are not fought between panels.Though the elections to the posts of chairman and vice-chairman were scheduled to be held soon after the election results were declared, none of the elected members attended the meeting. Returning officer HP Gemini told TOI, \"Notices were served to all newly-elected board members but they did not come for the meeting to elect the chairman and the vice-chairman. I waited from 6.30pm to 7.30pm and then I had no option but to postpone the elections till August 28.\"In a hurriedly-called press conference at his official Altinho residence at 8.15pm, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said nine victorious candidates had called upon him and expressed their keenness to resurrect the bank. Parrikar said another two victorious candidates will soon support the Phaldesai group. Sources said one is Vidhya Ramkrishna Parab and the other is yet unknown.Parrikar pledged the government's support to the new board of directors. \"I have told them to stay united and to work to restore to the bank its original glory. The government will support it fully,\" Parrikar said, adding that Sunday's elections were manipulated.Parrikar said the newly-elected directors have requested him the government's support in terms of agricultural schemes and to finance the government's Laadli Laxmi scheme through the bank. Parrikar said the government will consider the request.The chief minister promised action against the outgoing board of directors led by Mule, blaming it of looting the bank for seven years. Parrikar said officials of the Reserve Bank of India had informed the government about various irregularities in the GSCB and the need to save it. Parrikar said bank is in a precarious condition with high NPA and a very poor capital adequacy ratio.Asked about the Rs 46-crore loan the government-owned Kadamba transport corporation owes GSCB, Parrikar said the government will work out the issue with the new board once it takes over. The government will also address employees' grievances once the new board takes over, Parrikar said.Closeted in the chairman's chamber till late in the evening, a tired-looking Mule declined to comment. Going to the returning officer's chamber, he made a forceful demand to hold the elections to the post of chairman and vice-chairman within seven days. Said a member of the Phaldessai group, \"We are nine now. But many days are left for the election of the chairman and vice-chairman. More candidates may support our group considering that we have government support.\"After the BJP won the assembly elections in March, the government never hid its intentions to take over the apex bank. Hurling charges of scams and irregularities against the Mule-headed board of directors, the BJP government even demanded the Mule-group's resignation. In June, Mule refused, even accusing the government of causing the bank's downfall and asking it to pay the Rs 46-crore loan.CONSTITUENCY-WISE LIST OF ELECTED CANDIDATESConstituency 1Ramchandra Govind Naik Mule (Mule group)Avelino Marcos Sebastiao D'Silva (Phaldessai group)Prabhakar Krishna Gauns (Mule group)Krishna Vasudev Kudnekar (Phaldessai group)Constituency 2Dattatraya Atmaram Naik (Phaldessai group)Datta Hari Bhat (switched from Mule group to Phaldessai group after elections)Sanjay Prabhakar Sawant Dessai (Phaldessai group)Constituency 3Ulhas Baban Phaldessai (Phaldessai group)Constituency 4Narayan Vasudev Mandrekar (Phaldessai group)Premanand Vasu Chawdikar (Earlier Independent, now supporting Phaldessai group)Constituency 5Baburao Shrikant Fotto Desai (Mule group)Constituency 6Umesh Balkrishna Shirodkar (switched from Mule group to Phaldessai group after elections)Constituency 7Mohanbhai Premabhai Tandel (Mule group)Constituency 8Rameshbhai Jivabhai Bamania (Mule group - elected unopposed)Constituency 9Gopal Atmaram Parab (Mule group)Constituency 10Vidhya Ramkrishna Parab (Mule group - elected unopposed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "barabanki(up)/new delhi", "code": "15568027", "title": "Beni Prasad Verma says he is happy with rising prices", "text": "BARABANKI(UP)/NEW DELHI: Union minister Beni Prasad Verma was on Monday at the centre of a controversy with remarks that he was \"happy\" over rising prices of food items as it will benefit farmers, evoking a sharp attack from BJP and other parties.\"Dal, atta, rice and vegetables have become expensive. The more the prices, the better it is for farmers. I am happy with this inflation,\" the Union steel minister told reporters on the sidelines of a function here.He said the media was making a hue and cry of increasing prices. \"Media kehti hai ki khane ki thali mehngi ho gayi hai...Isse fayada kisano ka hai, aur sarkar kisano ke fayda ki pachdhar hai\" (Media says that cost of food plate has increased but it is benefiting farmers...and the government is in favour of farmers profit),\" he said.Lashing out at his rationale, BJP accused the Congress of turning a blind eye to the common man being hit by inflation.\"The Congress leaders are not affected by inflation at all. They are not seeing the plight of the people as a result of rising prices. It clearly shows their mentality,\" BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain said in Delhi.Today, the farmers are hit by high cost of fertilisers and power. \"Then how are they going to benefit by rising prices,\" he said.Asked about Verma's remarks, law minister Salman Khurshid said it should be viewed in the right context.\"If the farmer gets a good price for his yield, then it is inevitable that market prices will also go up,\" he said, adding that Prime Minister's economic advisers as also the Planning Commission are there to deal with such issues and keep a check on inflation.If the recent steps taken by the government including cut in interest rates are viewed holistically, then one will understand the context in which the minister made his remarks, Khurshid said.Deprecating the government, BJP's Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said doesn't it know that farmers, like everyone else, are also equally affected by overall rise in prices.\"The government has become protector of mafias who manipulate prices. The aam aadmi is reeling under mounting inflation and this Government is happy about it,\" he said.Reacting sharply to Verma's remarks, BJP state president Lakshmi Kant Bajpai said Congress should issue a statement disowning them.\"It unfortunate that a Union minister is making such remarks. How can he be ignorant about the problems being faced by the common man due to price rise\", he said asking the Congress to clarify its stand on it.SP spokesman Rajendra Chowdhury said that it was pathetic that a minister was making such a statement, which showed that he had no clue about the problems face by the common man.SP leader Azam Khan said that Congress leader Sonia Gandhi should take note of Verma's remarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563916", "title": "Namaz caps in demand", "text": "VARANASI: A huge variety of caps are available for the Eid shoppers. Market is flooded with Turkish, Indonesian, Oman and Chinese caps this year. A cap seller at Dalmandi market said that youngsters have become very cautious of caps. Apart from traditional white Turkish and Indonesian caps, Oman caps coming in various colours and designs are highly in demand. \"People are also buying caps which are matching their attire,\" he informed. The shopkeepers at Dalmandi and Nai Sarak say these caps were introduced in the city three years ago but gained popularity this time. \"We have already sold over 120 pieces today, it is expected that the number will cross 500 by Sunday night,\" he said. The shopping for caps starts 2 to 3 days before Eid.\"People are buying caps in bulk to present to relatives and friends,\" he said.A number of makeshift stalls and retail shops were seen selling caps at Dalmandi, Nai Sarak and other markets. The cost of local caps range between Rs 30 and Rs 40. These are not so popular among youngsters,\" a shopkeeper at Nai Sarak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15565336", "title": "BJP\u2019s roll of dishonour keeps growing", "text": "BANGALORE: Opposition parties are busy cashing in on BJP's growing list of tainted ministers. With Assembly elections slated for next year, the ruling party is definitely not in its best form. The court and the prison have become second homes for many BJP leaders in the state.\"Some have gone to jail, some are still behind bars for corruption. People are watching. They'll reject the BJP in the polls,\" said opposition leader Siddaramaiah of the Congress. Several BJP ministers and legislators are facing cases under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, before various courts, including the Special Lokayukta Court and the CBI court. Will this affect the party's prospects in the next elections? Will they get tickets to contest? Party insiders argue it's impossible to deny tickets to all facing charges. \"Is it possible to keep away Yeddyurappa , Nirani, Ravi, Somanna, etc? Aren't there charges against HD Kumaraswamy and some Congress leaders? Will they abstain from contesting? Whether he's facing charges or not, Yeddyurappa is a force in the state. Is it possible or practical to ignore him?\" they ask.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar recently said elections are still far off and the leadership will take a decision later. BJP state president and DyCM KS Eshwarappa is also noncommittal about giving opportunity to 'tainted' legislators and ministers, but is vocal about mistakes the party committed in the past. Last week, he admitted his party erred by giving tickets in the 2008 polls taking caste and money into consideration It was an obvious reference to the Bellary Reddys and their lieutenants, who have now floated a new party, BSR Congress, and those who have migrated to the BJP from JD(S) and Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565314", "title": "Govt yet to set up animal welfare board", "text": "PATNA: Despite the Centre's directive in October 2008 to constitute state animal welfare board (SAWB) within three months, Bihar government has failed to set up the body even in 45 months.Acting on a Supreme Court order dated August 6, 2008, the Union government issued the directive to all the state governments to constitute their SAWB within three months. The main objective was to promote animal welfare and protect animals from unnecessary suffering as well as to ensure proper enforcement of the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act, 1960, in the states.The office of the principal accountant general (PAG), Bihar, while conducting an integrated audit of the animal and fisheries resources department in August 2011, also raised the issue of non-constitution of the SAWB. While replying to the PAG, the state government stated in November 2011 that the constitution of the SAWB was under process.As the state government failed to constitute the board even by the end of December 2011, the PAG, in its audit report dated February 22, 2012, termed the non-constitution of the SAWB by Bihar government as \"total violation of the Supreme Court's directives.\"When contacted, Bihar animal and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh told TOI that there was a need of such board in Bihar and the state government would set up the same.\"I would inquire from the department officials about the status of constitution the board once the secretariat opens after the Eid festival,\" the minister said.The PAG, in its report, has also raised concern over \"inactiveness and non-functioning\" of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCAs), a district-level statutory body constituted under the provisions of Section 38 of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960.The Union government, vide a notification dated March 26, 2001, asked all the state governments to establish SPCAs in every district within six months. These societies were intended to support the government and local bodies in enforcing the provisions of the Act.Scrutiny of the department records by the auditors revealed that the SPCAs, under the chairmanship of the district magistrates, were established in all districts, except Rohtas, between January, 2008 to June, 2010. \"It was also observed that in the test-checked districts, these societies were inactive and non-functional ever since their establishment,\" the PAG (Audit) R B Sinha has said in his report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565378", "title": "8 held for stealing gadgets from trains", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of eight persons, the Patna police on Sunday claimed to have busted a gang involved in stealing laptops and cellphones from running trains. Six laptops, 13 cellphones besides a camera of a branded company were recovered from their possession.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj said a Mokama police team, acting on a tip-off, carried out raids at different places and arrested eight persons involved in stealing laptops, cellphones and cameras of the passengers. The SSP said the arrested persons had been identified as Shambhu Prasad, Robin Kumar, Vishal Kumar Gupta alias Baua, Sonu Kumar, Gulshan Kumar, Upendra Paswan, Pawan Kumar Sharma and Rajesh Sao. They hail from Barh and Mokama.Mokama police station SHO Ashok Kumar Singh said Shambhu had been in jail in a case related to theft in running train lodged with the Vishakhapatnam GRP in November, 2011. He said a Vishakhapatnam police team had reached Mokama for investigation.The SHO said the kingpin of the gang, Pawan Kumar Sharma, was also in jail in a theft case lodged with Danapur GRP. He said all the arrested persons were in the age group of 25 to 30 years and had been involved in this type of crime for the past several years. The SHO said on August 18, the gang had stolen the laptop of a passenger from Toofan Express at Pandarak railway station. \"After that we became alert and started carrying out raids and recovered that particular laptop within 24 hours,\" the SHO said.Describing their modus operandi, the SHO said the two gang members used to board AC compartments of long-distance trains as bona fide passengers and took their seats. One of them would start conversation with any passenger having a laptop and divert his attention while his associate lifted the bag and get down from the train. The other associate, too, would get down the train after their operation was over, the SHO said, adding that they used to sell the stolen laptops at a price ranging from Rs 8,000 to Rs 12,000 at Mokama and Barh. Police were collecting information about the antecedents of the other arrested persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563681", "title": "Students union results are shocking for Cong, says Sonaram", "text": "JAIPUR: The results of Saturday's students union elections in the state have led to a war of words between the two main political parties. With the NSUI not faring well, the Congress has been pushed into the defensive mode while with the BJP is basking in the glory of ABVP's performance.Not just the BJP but several members of the state Congress are themselves not leaving a stone unturned in lashing out at their own ruling party over the results. Sonaram Chaudhary, Congress MLA from Baytoo on Sunday said the young workers in the Congress are demoralized and termed the results 'shocking' for the party.Sonaram, who is believed to be from the anti-Ashok Gehlot camp, said: \"The results of student union elections in various universities and colleges are shocking for the Congress. It is actually a matter of deep concern for the party as despite being the incumbent the ABVP made gains in most universities,\" Sonaram said.Congress may taste defeat in the 2013 elections like it happened in 2003 assembly and Lok Sabha elections, Sonaram said.Clarifying his stand, the Congress legislator said that he is also a well wisher of the party and his reaction on the election results should not be taken in bad light. \"The results actually puts a question mark on the Congress leadership in the state.\" He said that 33% of the voters are young and if the Congress fails to safeguard the rights and interest of the youths, it will have to face adverse consequences. \"I have always said that the position of the party is getting weak at the grassroots level as the common party worker is demoralized,\" he said.On the other hand, Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi said that the student union polls should not be connected to the political scenario of the state. The student union polls concentrate on educational and related issues and the results of these polls should not be taken as a mandate against the state government,'' said Joshi.The state BJP on the other hand is jubilant and claims that the student union poll results reflect the ruling party's reducing popularity in the state. General secretary of BJP, Satish Punia termed the results as a 'litmus test' for the Congress. \"Congress has failed to fulfill the expectations of the youths and students in the state. The results have clearly indicated the failure of the party in the state,\" he said.Former Yuva Morcha president of the state BJP Ashok Lahoty said that the results clearly indicate that the youth in the state have chosen not to associate themselves with the ruling party. \"The Congress under the leadership of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi always talks about a special focus on the youth. However, the results have shown that Congress has failed in impressing the youngsters of the state,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569835", "title": "Ram Charan goes house-hunting", "text": "Looks like the house hunting bug has hit mega power star Ram Charan too as the actor is already eyeing the plush location of Mumbai for his new pad. Sources say that Ram Charan is on the lookout for a house in Mumbai, and his friend Salman Khan is assisting the actor in finalizing the property.Charan is trying to find a good house in the Bandra area of Mumbai, where Salman Khan stays. Sources add that Apollo Hospitals have expansion plans in Mumbai and Ram Charan's wife Upasana can also move to Mumbai to manage the hospital's work.Well, it's been buzzed that Charan is serious about making a career in Bollywood and as such he's planning for a residence in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568672", "title": "Aishwarya Rai creates mass hysteria in Kerala", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan fans throng in thousands to get a glimpse of their favourite star in Kochi where she was there for the inauguration of the first Kalyan Jewellers store.Thousands of fans had lined up the roads on either side leading up to the Kalyan Jewellers store in Kochi on August 19 where Aishwarya Rai had come to inaugurate the store. A special stage was made anticipating such a large crowd outside the store for her to address the fans before she went ahead with the formalities of the launch of the store.Speaking on this the Kalyanaram family informed their guests that the TV ad shot with Aishwarya has broken records on the net with over 2 lakh hits within 4 days and also agencies like Agency FAQS, Exchange4media have all listed the ad as one of the best this year.Aishwarya came looking resplendent in an off white lehenga by Abu-Sandeep and spoke to the crowds. She then inaugurated the jewellery store alongside Malayalam superstar Dileep and addressed a select invitee list of guests and media where she spoke about her connection with Kerala which she addressed as Gods Own Country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569676", "title": "Allu Arjun to groove to Devi Sri Prasad's tunes", "text": "Devi Sri Prasad has been roped in to compose tunes for stylish star Allu Arjun's next movie Iddarammayilatho. After delivering back to back blockbuster musicals like Gabbar Singh and Julayi this year, apparently, director Puri Jagannath has decided to go ahead with DSP for his next film. And this is the first time Devi is scoring the music for Puri's film.Chakri was earlier considered for this film, but the makers have reportedly insisted on getting Devi on board. The movie is expected to be launched formally on September 20. Allu-Puri combo earlier delivered a super hit film Desamuduru, and the duo is all set to repeat the magic again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563841", "title": "Elaborate security plans for namaz", "text": "VARANASI: The district administration and police have finalized a security plan to maintain law and order during Eid falling on Monday. The police have also decided to enforce traffic diversions on different routes till the completion of Eid-ki-Namaz.SP (city) SK Singh said that the security plans have been finalized for the festive day. The people will offer namaz at 289 mosques and eidgahs, falling in the limits of 15 police stations. Traffic diversion plans have also been finalized on different routes.Forces would be deployment near the mosques and eidgahs which have been considered as highly sensitive due to the possibility of huge gathering of people. Huge congregations are expected at Laat Bhairo, Gyanvapi, Langda Hafiz, Madanpura, Nadesar, Purana Masjid Sarnath, Kamaksha and Rewari Talab mosque. The circle officers would monitor the security arrangements at these points.The police have also issued notices to 164 pig owners in city area. They have been instructed to ensure that no animal is left on road. Measures are also being initiated to ensure that no stray animal reaches near the mosques and Eidgahs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567501", "title": "Simbu completes shoot", "text": "We all know that STR is a dedicated person when it comes to films.The actor, who is currently shooting for the climax song of the film, promises that it will be very innovative and different. Simbu, who working hard on his dance moves, suddenly came down with high fever and a heavy cold on the last day of shoot. But the actor completed the shoot without creating a fuss.Before going to sleep, he thanked his fans on twitter for their encouragement and support which kept him going - \"Inspite of fever and cold what kept me going all this while is my twitter fans today :) thank u all!!! Without u ppl im nothing!!!\"Good going Simbu!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15564529", "title": "Cocktail making contest to start on Wednesday", "text": "MANGALORE: Sarosh Institute of Hotel Administration (SAIHA), a unit of Nitte Education Trust, will organize a unique intercollegiate competition for students from across the country who will vie for top places in cocktail and mocktail making contests.The event, Mystical Groove Rendezvous - 12,' will get underway on August 22 at SAIHA, Nitte Campus, Kodakal. It will also see competitions like facial painting, flower arrangement, basket cookery, salad making, mock press, creative writing, best manager, dance off, mad ads and street play.In the basket cookery competition, contestants will be given 10 ingredients using which they need to cook lip-smacking dishes.For more details, contact: 9964435045 / 9164881692. You can also e-mail to sihainst@hotmail.com or visit http://www.sihainst.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15563814", "title": "A SMS ban saps the life out of mobiles", "text": "LUDHIANA: As Ludhiana woke up the bulk SMS ban on Sunday, its reaction to the clampdown wasn't a pleasant one. With most of the youngsters addicted to texting, they vented their frustration at not being able to stay connected over the SMSs. Many said the ban felt like an encroachment on their rights.\"I am getting engaged on Tuesday and everything was decided in a haste. I tried sending bulk SMS to my friends about the news but wasn't able to do so. Now I have no option but to call up people one by one,\" said a disappointed-sounding Gaurav Mittal, a 24-year-old businessman living in Joshi Nagar.A 19-year-old living in Rajguru Nagar, Amit Kapoor, said, \"If at all there is a problem, it is not in these states. So why a pan-India diktat? Ours is such a peaceful city and people from North Eastern states have never had a problem here. We love sending 'good morning' messages and other interesting tidbits of information through the day with friends and this will be severely affected now.\"Having recently taken a special SMS pack, Model Town resident Tapin Malhotra, 25, said the ban could not have come at a worse time. \"I habitually send a 'good morning' message to all my friends and acquaintances and I won't be able to do that now. This is so disappointing,\" Tapin said.It is an encroachment on the right of speech and expression and one cannot do without these services. From jokes to important information, I share everything with my friends and relatives over SMS and had taken an economical package Gagandeep, 23 | teacher, Aggar NagarI need to send bulk SMSs to the people who attend my class and to friends and relatives. But, because of the limitations on number of SMSs one can send in a day, conveying any mass message has become difficult Guneeta, 39 | choreographer, sarabha nagarIt seems like all my communication with friends has been cut off. When no one is spreading rumours here, why has the ban been implemented here? Without SMS, cellphones seem lifeless. Telecom firms should pay back charges for booster packs Vani Saggar, 15 | student, country homes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563171", "title": "Hotelier\u2019s aide held in sex racket", "text": "MUMBAI: The social service branch (SSB) on Sunday arrested three persons, including the close associate of a hotelier from the western suburbs, in a human trafficking and prostitution case. They are Jivan Kamble (40), Mohammed Anwar Shaikh (50) and Anil Kumar Acharya (36). Acharya is an associate of Raj Shetty, chairman, Ramee Guestline hotel in Khar.On August 14, the SSB led by assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble had rescued 36 girls from Delhi. They were to go to Dubai and Muscat for stage performances, but were arrested before they could board an Air India flight.The SSB learned about the involvement of Kamble, the stage show organizer, Shaikh and Acharya. \"We arrested Kamble, Shaikh and Acharya and will question Shetty and Suhel Ansari for their roles,\" said B G Shekar, deputy commissioner of police (enforcement).The police are looking out for Priya and her husband Pankaj, as the complainant who does stages shows had named them for forcing her into prostitution. The complainant claimed that Priya had taken her to Palm Hotel (Muscat) and she was forced into prostitution. Initially, she said, she was contacted by Harish for a stage show in Dubai and he even paid her Rs 2 lakh as advance. But when she reached Muscat, she was forced into the racket.Sources said Mumbai's bar girls are in demand in the Gulf and since it a major source of income for the women, they leave the country in large numbers.Dance bar agents from the Gulf have formed a nexus with some airport officials, who clear visas without checking their authenticity, the cops said. \"Many agents fail to provide documents mandatory for travel to the Gulf, and yet secure clearance,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15565322", "title": "Soon, hail prepaid autos from LTT, Bandra terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: Prepaid auto stands outside city railway stations may soon become a reality as the groundwork for setting up these booths outside Bandra terminus and LTT stations is already underway, RTO sources said.The RTO has readied the blueprints for setting up prepaid stands outside four stations, Borivli, Andheri, Bandra terminus and LTT. \"We will first start prepaid services at Bandra and LTT,\" an RTO official said . The Andheri and Wadala RTOs are looking for space to set up the stands. \"Once the railway authorities allot us space , we will set up counters and appoint an auto union to run the stand ,\" the official stated.The city already has five prepaid taxi services outside Mumbai Central station, Bandra terminus ,LTT,Dadar station and Mumbai CST . An official from the transport commissioner's office said , \"The RTO will work jointly with the traffic police and railways at the booths. The role of the railways will be to provide space for the booths and stands and to make frequent announcements at the stations about the prepaid services. Traffic cops will ensure that proper queues are maintained at the stand .\"The RTO will install software and hardware for issuing receipts and fix the fares for the journeys. An RTO official said , \"We will have to give 40% incentive at the prepaid booths on short distance routes . If drivers are not interested in the prepaid auto booth, they will have the option of standing in the normal queue. Prepaid autos will bring down cases of refusals and fleecing of passengers .\"Passenger rights groups and unions have welcomed the decision. \"We are willing to assist the RTO in setting up the booth at Bandra terminus,\" union leader Shashank Rao said. There is also a need for prepaid autos at the domestic airport , where scores of passengers are cheated by unscrupulous drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15563118", "title": "Guar cultivation unaffected by rain deficit in state", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Despite the rain deficiency experienced by the state this monsoon; there has been no decline in the enthusiasm shown by the farmers when it comes to cultivating guar or cluster bean (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba).While there has been a shortfall in the sowing of crops against the normal average in the state this monsoon, guar is the only crop that has been sown over and above the annual average. This is because the rainfall received in the semi arid areas of the state where it is cultivated is ample for the crop.Figures available with TOI reveal that the sowing of guar this year has been 111 per cent of the normal. The farmers had taken up sowing of the crop on a large scale in the districts of north Gujarat and Surendranagar in Saurashtra.Banaskantha led with the sowing of guar as the crop had been sown in an area of 52,200 hectares, followed by Sabarkantha with 21,400 hectares and Mehsana with 21,100 hectares. The crop had been sown over an area of 29,300 acres in Surendranagar. The total area in the state under the cultivation of guar is 1,64,500 hectares. The crop that was once a staple diet of the families of farmers residing in semi-arid regions of Rajasthan and north Gujarat has recently found its use in the oil industry.An extract commonly referred to as guar gum is being used by the oil industry as an adhesive in pipelines and also for extraction of shale gas through horizontal frocking. There is no alternate to guar for this technology. Shale gas is a natural gas trapped within shale formations. It has become an increasingly important source of natural gas in the United Stated over the past decade. Hence, the guar seeds are being exported. Government officials say that in the recent past the prices of the cluster beans have gone up by as much as 16 times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566592", "title": "Tarun keen to revive Priyanka, Karan Johar amity", "text": "Though they have made much noise about their rapprochement, fact is Peecee and KJO are not exactly back on backslapping terms yet. But that does not seem to deter Tarun Mansukhani, who has scrapped the idea of making Dostana 2, and is now keen to cast PeeCee for his new project for Dharma.A source close to the developments informed us, \"Tarun and Peecee have been close friends. In fact he wrote the stunning cameo for her in Dostana. And he is very keen to cast her and Abhishek Bachchan for the new film that he is directing for Dharma. Whether he actually succeeds in breaking the final communication barriers between Karan Johar and Priyanka after her explosive 'cupcake allegations', would depend entirely on how generous Karan chooses to be with people who have offended him in the past.\"Apparently, KJo has chosen to be diplomatic so far, giving Tarun a free hand with the casting. \"Karan has apparently told Mansukhani that it's the director's call to cast whoever he wants. However, whether that translates into getting Priyanka back into the Dharma fold, remains to be seen,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15565371", "title": "An app that makes teens look \u2018pregnant\u2019", "text": "MELBOURNE: An iPhone app that cheekily claims to \"impregnate anyone you meet simply by taking a photo of them\" has been attacked by family planning groups as irresponsible. The Australian-developed iPhone app allows users to mark up the image by simply pressing a button.The phone app, which has already skyrocketed to number one in the entertainment category in the Australian stores, digitally alters images to give subjects the appearance of being nine months' pregnant.According to Angus Mullane, from Appy Dude, who developed the app, hundreds of users are already posting pregnant photos of themselves on Facebook to \"scare\" their friends and family, the daily 'Sydney Morning Herald' reported. \"Knocked App means you can meet someone and conceive with them with just the press of a button,\" the app boasts.\"We really just wanted to give people a laugh. It's had an amazing response. It's all over Facebook with teenage girls scaring their mums and stuff like that,\" Mullane said. \"It's really just about getting girls to have a laugh and see what they're going to look like with a bump and also kind of sending it to their mums and saying 'whoops' ,\" he added. But family planning groups have called for the app to be withdrawn from sale.\"I think it's dreadful,\" said Joanne Ramadge , chief executive officer of sexual health and family planning Australia. She warned it could be used for cyber-bullying. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566797", "title": "Salman Khan's parties on to Panvel", "text": "Flush with the success of his latest release, the actor is heading off to his farm house for mega celebrations...He parties there only when he is extremely happy.The last time Salman Khan hosted a party at his Panvel farmhouse was on his 46th birthday in December 2011. And while a few A-listers made it to the guest list, the Khan invited only those who matter to him the most. The likes of Sooraj Barjatya, Subhash Ghai and even Anand Balraj, the actor with whom Salman used to go for auditions as a struggler.And, looks like it's time to party hard once again. No prizes for guessing this one. The star is on cloud nine, courtesy his latest film Ek Tha Tiger having gone on to become a super hit.Mostly, the big bash will happen on Tuesday. However, a final call on whether it will be Tuesday or Wednesday, will be taken by the family on Monday.A source close to Salman told us, \"With just three days to go, the entire Salman khandaan is busy helping him make arrangements for the khaana peena . Salman has told them to leave no stone unturned.\"\"It will be a double celebration of sorts. Salman will celebrate Eid also, along with the success of Ek Tha Tiger ,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564785", "title": "Delhiites walks for moms, babies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites turned up in large numbers for 'First 1000 Days' on Sunday to highlight the importance of nutrition for mother and child \u2014 right from conception to the first two years of the baby's life. Around 2,500 people \u2014 not only parents but also many children and their grandparents \u2014 participated in the walk that started from Major Dhyanchand Stadium and ended at India Gate.In India, thousands of children die due to malnutrition each year and many others suffer from long-term health problems due to lack of nourishment in early childhood. The poor health of mothers is also a matter of concern as it also affects the child's health.\"Focusing on nutrition of both mother and child in first 1,000 days is the need of the hour. It is the most serious issue and we must take urgent steps in this regard,\" said Shabana Azmi , actor and social activist, who participated in the campaign. \"Children dying due to lack of nutrition in a country which aspires to become a superpower is shameful.\" Azmi stressed the need to focus on the mother's health, too, as that contributes to the good health of the child.Actor Konkona Sen Sharma, who became a mother recently, said exclusive breastfeeding in the first six months is a must. \"After that, one starts giving semi-solid food to the child,\" she said. \"The care of the child should be a shared responsibility. Husbands must not absolve themselves of their duty.\"A display of 2,500 paintings by schoolchildren from across Delhi was held at the stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569882", "title": "Sada makes a comeback", "text": "Remember Sada, who made such a great impression with her debut film Jayam that she caught the eye of ace director Shankar who cast her in his big-budget Anniyan? Unfortunately, it was all downhill for the actress after that Vikram starrer and pretty soon there were no takers for her.But, now, Sada is back in K-Town, albeit in the form of a Tamil-Telugu bilingual Mythri . The film is a small-budget flick and has Navdeep (of Arindhum Ariyamalum fame) in the lead. The film's portions are currently being shot in and around Chennai.Sada was last seen in Tamil in mass movie specialist P Vasu's Puli Vesham , opposite R K, but the film tanked miserably at the box-office. The actress had then taken a \"break\" (isn't that what heroines fashionably claim when they have no offers?) post that fiasco but looks like she has finally decided to make a comeback.Interestingly, Sada is also making a glam appearance for an item song for Vishal's Madha Gaja Raja , which is being directed by Sundar C.Will this double gamble pay off for the petite actress? Let's wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565172", "title": "Time for a study break", "text": "The Institute of Lifelong Learning (ILLL), Delhi University, has a new director, Ramesh Gautam. Having taught Hindi literature and language in Delhi University for 40 years, he first joined ILLL as the joint director. Talking about his priority as the new director, Gautam says that he intends to accommodate more students.\"It is a priority to develop quality content and video lectures with a focus on students who study in Hindi medium. We would like to accommodate students from the School of Open Learning and the non-collegiate board. Also, we are focusing on developing bilingual quality content for Hindi medium students,\" says Gautam.With a specialisation in Hindi drama and theatre, he has 22 books, 49 text books (edited ) and 32 research papers to his credit. He is actively associated with over a dozen universities as well as the UGC to provide professional guidance towards making the teaching-learning process and research suited for the times.\"We will focus on humanities and social sciences since the most number of non-collegiate students come from that background. Once we upload the material, students from anywhere will be able to access quality material and study at their own pace,\" he says.Gautam adds that ILLL will prepare study material in such a way that even if students take a break from studies and later choose to come back and study, the process will be smooth.\"The proposal of having all courses in DU for four years from next year by DU VC has also impacted the way we are structuring the courses online. If, for example, a student who has left the proposed course after two years, wants to come back to study at DU, adequate material will be there for the student to help him/her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563009", "title": "Sonia for legal action against mischief-makers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi urged the Centre and states to deal firmly with persons provoking violence against natives of northeast, adding urgency to the efforts to stem their exodus from Maharashtra and southern states.\"Whatever happened in Assam is a matter of concern and sorrow. The culprits of such actions, whoever they are, should face expeditious legal action. Also, we should strongly condemn the treatment meted out to people of northeast in some parts of the country. The state governments and the Centre should deal sternly with people vitiating the harmony. This country belongs to all. All Indians have the freedom to reside in any part of the country,\" Sonia said.The call for action against culprits of Bodo-Muslim violence in Assam and the reprisals faced by natives of northeast in Maharashtra and southern states reflect serious concern in the ruling party over deteriorating situation following the Kokrajhar clashes. Sonia called the situation facing the country as linked to \"unity and harmony\".The Assam violence was a complicated issue anyway but the retaliatory action in other states has the security establishment worried. The home ministry has found a Pakistan hand in provoking violence against residents of northeast by hosting doctored tapes of atrocities against Muslims and inflammatory commentaries online.Sonia's demand for clampdown came with PM Manmohan Singh on the dais and in the presence of a host of Union ministers at Jawahar Bhavan for 'Rajiv Gandhi Sadbhavna' award -- given to D R Mehta for his pioneering work on Jaipur Foot, prosthetic legs for physically challenged persons that are now a global brand.Mehta's stewardship of Bhagwan Mahaveer Viklang Sahayata Samiti has helped 1.3 million handicapped persons from underprivileged background benefit with artificial limbs and other aids. His work in war-torn countries like Afghanistan and certain parts of Africa has won him global recognition. At the function, Mehta called BMVSS the \"world's largest organization for the disabled\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15564012", "title": "Four arrested for robbing Manipuri youth of cellphone", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Sunday arrested four people and detained two minors for attacking and robbing a 23-year-old Manipuri youth of his cellphone. The incident took place on Shankarsheth Road on Saturday afternoon.Kamajoel Dongal, a resident of B T Kawade Road in Ghorpadi, has lodged a complaint with the Khadak police.The four arrested are Sagar Thorat (21), Sagar Mohite (20), both of Lohiyanagar, Shabbir Shaikh (19) of Hadapsar and Nitin Misal (21) of Indirangar. The police have recovered Dongal's cell phone from them.The crime branch (unit-I) team led by inspector Sunil Deshmukh made the arrests.Deshmukh said Dongal was on his way home when the six suspects accosted him. They asked Dongal where he was from. When Dongal told them he was from Manipur, they attacked him and snatched his cellphone worth Rs 3,000 and fled.\"Following a tip-off that criminals on record Sagar Thorat and Sagar Mohite were involved in the attack on Dongal, we nabbed the two on Sunday afternoon,\" Deshmukh said adding, \"During interrogation, the two revealed the names of the other four suspects.\"The suspects have been handed over to the Khadak police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "birbhum", "code": "15563626", "title": "12-year-old bride married to stigma", "text": "BIRBHUM: In March this year, a girl barely 12 years old went missing from a locality in Dubrajpur. The girl's widowed mother, Manorama Das (name changed), found out that a neighbour had kidnapped her and was holding her hostage in a hideout on the outskirts of the town.After being rescued, the girl admitted that the neighbour - who she once trusted - had raped her repeatedly. She was still in shock but determined to fight back. On her complaint, the prime accused and a friend who had kept her \"in his custody\" were arrested and sent to jail to await trial.But that was hardly the end of her troubles. The neighbours made fun of the mother and daughter on a regular basis. A month ago - on the advice of relatives and \"well-wishers\" - Manorama married off the minor girl to a supatra (a perfect groom). Manorama - who earns her living by working as a domestic help - was sure this was the only way she could release herself from the \"burden\".In four months, the little girl's trauma was still as fresh as the first day. But instead of getting the healing touch of her mother - and the society - she was packed off to begin a 'new life' with an unknown man.\"What else could I do,\" Manorama asked in despair. \"After that incident, I had no choice but to marry her off. It was a great opportunity for me when my relatives brought me the information about the groom. My daughter and I were spending sleepless nights after her rape. Everyone in and around this locality had come to know about it. Who would have married her here?\" she asked, tears welling up in her eyes.Manorama thought it was best to send her daughter elsewhere where nobody knew about that \"dark episode in her life\".It was good that Manorama did not have enough money to spend on the wedding. For, the last thing she wanted was to make it a public affair. \"I was afraid something would go wrong any moment and the wedding would not take place. Thankfully, it was quickly over and she left.\"\"The groom's family demanded Rs 5,000, which I collected with great difficulty,\" said the mother. The groom, a mason, is settled in Delhi, and since the marriage, neither her daughter nor her son-in-law has come down for a visit.Manorama, however, is confident about the \"genuineness\" of the groom, though she is not fully aware of his whereabouts.On being asked if she had disclosed her daughter's trauma to the husband and his family, Manorama looked confused. \"No, no, I did not tell the groom of the kidnap and rape. How could I have done it? If I did, would they have accepted her? Would the wedding have taken place at all,\" she asked.For the moment, Manorama is content that her daughter is married. She has promised to give her son-in-law a part of the amount she has got recently as compensation from the district administration, without saying how she got the money.The case is pending in court, but Manorama is living in fear. Relatives of the accused keep threatening her and neighbours continue to make ugly comments on the rape. \"I don't know what they will do to me when they are out of prison. But I am happy that my daughter is safe and far away from all this,\" she said, wiping away a tear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568636", "title": "Rishi to marry Shweta in Hitler Didi?", "text": "Lots of drama is in store for viewers as the upcoming episodes of Trilogy Krikos' Hitler Didi on Zee TV will be replete with interesting twists and turns.Indira ( Rati Pandey) who is suffering from brain tumor will force Rishi ( Sumit Vats) to marry the new entry Shweta ( Aasiya Kazi) on the show. Sources inform that Indira clearly knows that she will not survive as she is suffering from brain tumor. She wants to see Rishi happy after her death so in the upcoming episode she will force him to get married to Shweta.Rishi who loves Indira will refuse to marry Shweta. However, Indira will force him and will put a condition before Rishi that if he doesn't marry Shweta she will not get her treatment done. The promo for the sequence is being shot today. Some reliable sources from the sets inform us that the show might soon take a generation leap of six years. But the story's progression from here on still remains unclear. When contacted, Rati and Sumit remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567214", "title": "'Expendables 2' takes top spot at weekend BO", "text": "Sylvester Stallone and his beefy buddies in 'The Expendables 2' muscled their way to the top of the weekend box office and debuted at number one with 28.8-million-dollar opening.According to studio estimates on Sunday, that was down from the 34.8-million-dollar start for 'The Expendables' two years ago.The Lionsgate sequel elbowed out another action tale as Universal's 'The Bourne Legacy' fell to number two in its second weekend with 17 million dollars.Three other wide releases opened to modest business, the New York Post reported.Focus Features' animated comedy 'ParaNorman', which is about a boy leading the fight against zombies that rise from the grave, opened at number three with 14 million dollars.Sony's music remake 'Sparkle', which features 'American Idol' winner Jordin Sparks and Whitney Houston , landed the fifth spot with 12 million dollars.Disney's family fantasy 'The Odd Life of Timothy Green' was number with 10.9 million dollars. The movie stars Jennifer Garner and Joel Edgerton as a childless couple who become instant parents to a boy that magically appears in their lives.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:The Expendables 2 - 28.8 million dollarsThe Bourne Legacy - 17 million dollarsParaNorman - 14 million dollarsThe Campaign - 13.4 million dollarsSparkle - 12 million dollarsThe Dark Knight Rises - 11.1 million dollarsThe Odd Life of Timothy Green - 10.9 million dollarsHope Springs - 9.1 million dollarsDiary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days - 3.9 million dollarsTotal Recall - 3.5 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570279", "title": "Farrell squirmed during sex scenes: Kate Beckinsale", "text": "Kate Beckinsale has revealed that Colin Farrell was squirming in embarrassment when they filmed sex scenes for the new Total Recall movie.The British actress had to get hot and heavy with the hunky actor - who she briefly dated - on set and Colin couldn't wait for the scene to end because they had to film it in front of her husband Len Wiseman, who was directing them.\"I've done it with somebody else in front of my husband before so I think it was actually much more awkward for Colin. He was the one who was like, 'Are we done? Are we good?',\" the Sun quoted her as saying.\"I think it's easier for a woman as we don't have any moveable parts. You can just sort of blank out and nobody can really tell what you're thinking. I think it's much harder for boys maybe - or not,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "15564365", "title": "5 more babies die in Ruia hospital", "text": "TIRUPATI: Five more babies died in the children's ward of SVR Ruia Government General Hospital here on Sunday, taking the toll to 14 in the last one week alone.Hospital superintendent J Veeraswamy said a new-born baby died because of being underweight. \"The baby weighed 650 grams only,\" he pointed out. Sources said two babies died because of lack of nutrition, while a two-day-old baby boy succumbed due to infection in the brain. Veeraswamy ruled out any negligence on part of the doctors and said the infants had died of birth-related complications . Three babies had died on August 17 while six infants died on August 15, which forced the state to order an inquiry into the series of infant deaths in the hospital which caters to the needs of patients from four Rayalaseema and Nellore districts.Though the hospital authorities deny the charges, parents continued to complain that senior doctors were not present on holidays and Sundays. \"They are not available and our children's lives are in the hands of the almighty,\" a parent Sarojamma rued. They complained that many senior doctors have private practice. \"There is also severe shortage of nurses and other technicians. Against the required 35 nurses, there are only 12,\" a senior official said. Criticising the indifferent attitude of the hospital authorities, CPI leader K Narayana demanded that the government take immediate steps to alleviate the problems of the parents. However,Officials said that about 200 children with 75% of them suffering from serious ailments, were brought to the ward everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15568791", "title": "Youth gets seven years in jail for raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old youth has been sent to jail for seven years by a Delhi court for raping a minor girl with the help of one of his friend who allegedly recorded the whole incident on his mobile phone.The court also imposed a fine of Rs 3,000 on convict Vikram after holding him guilty for raping the minor girl here last year.The case against Vikram's friend, arrested for allegedly recording the incident, was transferred to Juvenile Justice Board as he was a minor.Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) Neena Bansal Krishna held Vikram guilty of the offence, relying on the testimony of the 15-year-old victim and forensic evidence.\"The comprehensive reading of her (victim's) testimony would show that she has been consistent in her evidence about being raped by the accused. Her testimony is fully corroborated by the mobile clipping and by report of the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, the genuineness of which has not been challenged by the accused (Vikram),\" the court said.According to police, an FIR was lodged on a complaint by the victim who said that on July 21, last year, she had gone to look for her paternal uncle in his house at Bapu Dham here but there she met Vikram and one of his friend, who both were under the influence of liquor.The prosecution said Vikram caught hold of the girl and took her to a nearby vacant house where he raped her.It said the entire incident was recorded by Vikram's friend on his mobile phone and the victim was threatened that if she made any disclosure, she and her mother would be killed. (More) PTI ABA SC 08201344 NNNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563562", "title": "Two children drown in pond in Rajsamand", "text": "JAIPUR: Two children, aged 11 and 13 years, got drowned in a pond after they jumped into it for swimming in Rajsamand's Bhim area on Sunday.The incident has come close on the heels of six other deaths due to drowning in Bhilwara and Nagaur districts on Saturday.The victims, Devi Singh (11) and Madho Singh (13), were residents of Devalia village near Amore area, said the police.\"Both were cousin brothers. They had taken a buffalo to the pond situated on the village outskirts for grazing,\" said Bhim police station in-charge Pradeep Kumar Hapawat.The officer said that the buffalo went into the pond. \"They also took off their cloths and jumped into it for a swim. However, they did not realize that the water was too deep due to recent rain,\" said the officer.Some villagers who were passing by the pond saw the boys drowning. However, they could not jump into it due to muddy water.\"They informed the police. By the time a rescue team reached there, the boys had drowned,\" said the officer.The rescue teams fished out the bodies after two hours. \"We have handed over the bodies to family members after conducting the postmortem,\" said the officer.In the past two days, at least 10 deaths have occurred due to drowning in the state. Four children had drowned in separate incidents in Bhilwara, while two others died in Nagaur. All the deceased were children aged below 14 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15564770", "title": "CRRI launches tree-planting drive in H'bag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Central Rice Research Institute (CRRI) here has launched a novel campaign to make people aware of the hazards of felling trees. The campaign \"My earth, my duty\" has been launched by the CRRI following the felling of a large number of trees on either side of NH-33. The campaign was launched by a private school chain.About 250 school students led by CRRI principal Mukul Variar and noted environmentalist Surendra Prasad Singh planted a total of 350 saplings along the highway. The CRRI also aims to replenish the green cover on its campus which was reduced as a huge portion was acquired by government for widening of the national highway.A competition for parents like best recycling idea, pledge and signature campaign to save the environment and tree plantation was also organized on the occasion.Variar praised the efforts of the school management to involve both guardians and children in the campaign for preserving the environment which, he said, was the need of the hour.He said, \"This was the correct way to inculcate the sense of responsibility among children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563636", "title": "State politicos take to social networks, reach out to masses", "text": "CHENNAI: With social media turning the best tool to connect, many politicians in Tamil Nadu have taken to Twitter and Facebook to tune in with generation next.The latest of course was DMK's 88-year-old patriarch M Karunanidhi who recently became a part of the twitterati. But he wasn't the first to be bitten by the twitter bug. Taking a cue from the film fraternity, many politicians in the state have been airing their views on social networking sites.M K Stalin and M K Alagiri have a few public pages on Facebook. Stalin's official Facebook page with over 4,442 likes, is has frequent updates on all the events that he attends, the latest being several iftar parties during the month of Ramadan. Similarly, AIADMK MP V Maithreyan too has a Facebook account. \"I joined FB six months ago,\" he said. \"But I am not as active as I'd like to be. But it is useful to put one's point across. Earlier, we had to rely on the media to do that.\"CPI leader, G Ramakrishnan too is on facebook and has around 130 subscribers. \"People can approach us easily on social media and we also come to know of their views,\" he said.Accessibility to politicians, which is not easy in person, has become extremely simple in the virtual world. Not only are these leaders willing to add many 'friends' and 'followers', but they are also open to a little bit of direct debate and attack from the masses.Another active twitterati is DMK leader and Chepauk MLA J Anbazhagan. A comment thread shows a conversation between him and a follower Jaitwits who criticized Karunanidhi and Anbazhagan for not responding to their tweets.@JAnbazhagan: Also I could see many of the tweets I'v sent are unanswered and many replies I posted are deleted. Same for my friends. WHYY!! (sic)@Jaitwits: Really I will not, ready to answer for any tweets. That's why I am here. (sic)Another regular on Twitter is actor-politician Khushboo Sundar. From tweeting about her upcoming events to airing her views, her page has over 32,000 followers. \"I joined twitter only six months ago, but I have been quite active on it. It's easier to reach out to people through this medium,\" she said.Mayor of Chennai Corporation, Saidai S Duraisamy is also on Facebook. While he was an active user before and during the local body elections, his wall remains empty now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563709", "title": "Apply again for driving licence", "text": "KOLKATA: The transport department will allow all applicants - who could not receive their driving licences or moved out of the addresses mentioned in their applications - to apply again with authentic documents. The decision comes in the wake of three back-to-back strikes between April and July with the taxi associations claiming the government's decision to send licences by registered post had delayed renewal of nearly 23,000 licences and stopped 6,000 taxis from plying.The government had decided to send licences by post to gauge the authenticity of the addresses provided by the applicants. \"The new process ensured that a licence or a smartcard reaches the genuine applicant or be returned. Around 4-5% of the licences are being returned. Some may have genuine grievances. So we've decided to allow them,\" said B P Gopalika, transport secretary. DCP (Traffic) Dilip Adak echoed, \"This has helped in weeding out fake addressees.\"However, Bengal Taxi Association and the Motor Training School Association feel the government has buckled under their pressure. Association head Bimal Guha argued that taxi drivers spend most of their time on roads and have little chance to receive licences in person. \"Also, a great number of taxi drivers in Kolkata come from other states and have no permanent addresses. They cite the addresses where they stay. So what's wrong in it?\" he questioned.But the advantage of sending driving licences or smartcards by post isn't lost on the government. \"According to RBI's Know Your Customer (KYC) norms, a driving licence can serve both as an identity and an address proof while opening bank accounts. The rule is the same for applying for loans. Fake driving licences were becoming a tool for fraudsters to cheat banks. By the time the frauds were detected and banks lodged police complaints, it was difficult for police to track them down. So if many banks refused to entertain a loan applicant with a driving licence issued from Barasat and Barrackpore RTO, it isn't without reason,\" said senior risk analyst working for a private sector bank.\"Over 90% of the bank fraud complaints being probed by the Detective Department's Bank Fraud Section pertains to fake driving licences, PAN card and even EPIC cards. But this move has at least stopped the driving-licence frauds,\" a senior inspector with the Bank Fraud Section said. The officer explained, \"The common modus operandi is to superimpose photographs and provide fictitious address while applying for such driving licenses.\" Another problem plaguing the law enforcement agencies is the software \"Vahan\", available to them, provides only the vehicle registration details but not of those who've driving licenses. \"We are looking to ease this problem,\" Adak said. \"This has indeed been very effective, so we are trying to make the system more robust,\" says Gopalika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563150", "title": "Drought halts march of lions to Barda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Barda Dungar will have to wait for the lions to roar there due to the increasing cattle pressure and shortage of water in the area.Officials said that the forest department had plans to shift lions to the area by October, but recently realized that the pressure on land had increased many fold as the Maldharis send their cattle for grazing within the sanctuary. A senior officer said that Porbander district received only 6 per cent of the annual rainfall. The district received 44 mm of rains.Officials said that Barda region has some grass and hence the Maldharis are bringing their cattle for grazing. \"The people around the sanctuary are already harassed by the drought like condition and there is acute shortage of fodder in the region,\" said the senior officer.\"Shifting lions will require more time for the people to get familiar with them and the environment. At a time when people are facing drought, the department does not want to harass them further. We are meeting in September to decide about the shifting of lions to this area,\" said chief conservator of forest, Junagadh, R Meena.The situation was such that the artificial ponds which have been constructed would also need to be filled. Officials said even the prey base was getting less.Officials said that 15 km from the coast of Porbandar, the hilly forest of Barda is standing against the salinity ingress in the region. This area was declared as sanctuary in February 1979.The sanctuary with a forest area of 192.31 sq km is relatively small. Barda, for a long time, has been identified as a home for lions and the forest department expects eight lions to shift there.Officials said that there was a delay in shifting the lions because of the delay in creating sufficient prey base in the area.If ever there is an outbreak of some disease or a natural disaster, which can put the existence of entire lion population at stake, there will be an alternative site to help the species from becoming extinct. The department has allowed the lions to go out (of Gir) naturally. This is the reason why Barda is chosen as an alternative site for lions.\"This year by October we are expecting a group of lions to move there,\" said a senior officer from forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15565193", "title": "I take things series by series: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "BANGALORE: Sachin Tendulkar is not an easy man to get, simply because he guards his privacy almost to a fault. Also, he does not like to talk about an impending series or season for that would mean setting a goal and then dealing with the added pressures of coming good on the promise. But manage to sit him down and you get to hear some secrets, like how, while preparing at the NCA ahead of a Test series, he simulates match conditions by spending as much time in the academy as he would at the ground during a Test. Excerpts from an exclusive interview...You are coming off a long break, how has the off-season been and what have you been up to?All the while I was spending time with my family, taking my son for training and things like that, going on walks, watching movies. (He was abroad most of the time).Having played for so many years, is it becoming increasingly difficult to leave the family and play for India?As I said, off-season it is obviously time for the family to take precedence but I also know that it is important to prepare myself properly before a series. When it comes to it, over the years, I have learnt to balance things. Switching on and switching off is important, something I focus on. I have figured out that the balance is very important.What kind of training do you do to keep fit during the off-season?I normally do more of sprint work than long distance. I find that works with me much better. For my body that is the ideal workout but also you have to do a little bit of gym work. I go by my feel, whatever my body tells me. Your body keeps giving you messages, there are signals, you pick what the requirement is and I go by that.Someone like Dhoni says he doesn't touch the keeping gloves between series, do you think similarly, not pick up the bat at all for a while?When I can afford to switch off then I don't (touch the bat) but that is when there is a longer period. It depends on how much time we have. If there are 10 days between two series and I feel I am moving well, then I will take if easy for four or five days. Generally six to seven days a series, I start my preparation. Of course at the beginning of a new season, I need more time to prepare myself.Are you taking things series by series or season by season?Series by series - always looked at it that away. Every series you play, opposition strengths are different and areas to work on are different. So, it is always advisable to take it series by series. Once the season is over, then we can look it as a whole, what made me successful and what were the areas I can get better.What about retirement?I don't think like that. It will come when it has to come.What about playing any one format?I have not thought about it at this stage. The next ODI for India is a long time way, in December, so I am open minded as I always have been and look to enjoy my game right now.How does the NCA help someone like you? Is it fair that it is at times termed a rehab centre?It is not just about rehab, it's about training. The facilities are good and I have enjoyed practising here. Even the last time I enjoyed it there, it helps you getting into that zone, the mood you have to be in. Coming here is the first step I would say to the start of a series or joining the team or whatever. And I feel the facilities have become better and better over the years. It is functioning brilliantly and all the players like spending time here. When it becomes a joy to be here, you know the BCCI has done a fantastic job.You spend a lot of time indoors. What exactly is it that you do?A bit of physiotherapy, stretching, warming up and weight training. Then you break for a while before getting into the nets, followed by some more rest before I head for fielding practice. The idea is to spend exactly the same number of hours I would do during a Test match. During a Test I would wake up at seven, I am trying to do the same thing. Follow that routine and make sure that the energy levels are there. I am just getting my body used to the timing more than anything else.A word about the coach, Duncan Fletcher , it's not been a great year for him as well. What does he bring to the table?Duncan has been really good. Sometimes it happens (bad results) to the best of sides. I feel he's doing a fantastic job. It was a testing time for him and everyone when he came in. He dealt with it brilliantly, kept his calm and at the same time he kept trying to see how we could improve, what we could do better. He never lost his patience. It wasn't an easy period for anyone, for coach, player or the team to deal with the kind of season we had. But Duncan controlled everything quite nicely.Congrats on becoming an MP. Does it feel any different?It's an honour but I have not fought elections. Neither did I go chasing anyone to please make an MP. It's an honour and I accept it with full respect. But now my focus is obviously cricket. Parliament was a new experience and I am learning all the while.My mind right now is on cricket to be honest. When the time comes I will start thinking in that direction but I should not forget the reason why all these things have happened in my life. All these things have happened because of cricket. It's an honour and privilege to play for India for such a long time. I am happy with anything that happens around cricket and I am happy about it (being made a Rajya Sabha MP) but cricket is in the foreground for sure. It is paramount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15563326", "title": "Goods worth Rs50,000 bought with stolen ATM card", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified accused stole ATM card of a person and used it for shopping goods worth around Rs 50,000. The incident took place with Jitendra, who owes an optical shop in MP Nagar. The police said incident came to light on the evening of August 14, but since next day was the holiday of Independence Day the victim informed the bank on August 16. In the meantime, the card was used for shopping at various shops in New Market and MP Nagar, besides the petrol pumps. The complainant had suspected role of a person who came as customer at his shop.Bullet fired at South TT Nagar: Four youths fired a bullet in South TT Nagar area and fled on Saturday night. The police said complainant Anshul, 17, was at his home when four youths on bikes came in-front of his home. However, as soon as he went out one of them fired a bullet shot in air and fled. Subsequently, Anshul lodged a complaint with police. The accused had been identified as Akash, Arjun, Shubham and Bittu. The complainant had ruled out having any enmity with the accused. But the police find hard to believe it. Investigations were continuing in the incident.Man held in dacoity case: The Misrod police arrested a person in connection with the dacoity that took place in the house of an insurance official on July 26. The accused has been identified as Gopal, a resident of Hoshangabad district. Police have also recovered a looted mobile phone from the accused. Close to a dozen of dacoits have barged into house of Shailendra in Sneh Nagar and had escaped with valuables worth around Rs 1.5 lakh. The arrested accused has told the police that all of them hailed from Hoshangabad district. Efforts are on to nab the remaining accused, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15563249", "title": "Bhaghat elected Canacona civic body chief", "text": "CANACONA: Ajit alias Ajay Bhaghat was elected as the chairperson of the Canacona municipal council (CMC) on Friday after he defeated Simon Rebello by 6-4 votes.Municipal sources said that the director of municipal administration had earlier accepted the outgoing CMC chairperson Ramakant Naik Gaonkar's resignation.Naik Gaunkar, who was elected chairperson on May 31,2012, for 14 months, resigned on July 31, as per the agreement among six councillors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565295", "title": "Onam celebrations: Special trains to clear festival rush", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In view of the ensuing Onam festival southern railway will run the following special trains to clear the extra rush of passengers.Train No 06001 Chennai Central-Mangalore Central superfast special will leave Chennai Central at 8.45pm on August 25 and reach Mangalore Central at 1.05pm next day. In the return direction Mangalore Central-Chennai Central special (06002) will leave Mangalore Central at 7.20pm on August 26 and reach Chennai Central at 12.45pm next day.Chennai Central-Ernakulam superfast special (06055) will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on August 24 and reach Ernakulam Junction at 11am the next day. Ernakulam-Chennai Central superfast special (06056) will leave Ernakulam at 3.05pm on August 25 and reach Chennai Central at 3.30am the next day.Chennai Central-Shoranur superfast special (06063) will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on August 26 &amp; 30 and reach Shoranur at 8.50am the next day. Shoranur-Chennai Central superfast special (06064) will leave Shoranur at 5.05pm on Aug 27 &amp; 31 and reach Chennai Central at 3.30am the next day.Chennai Central-Ernakulam Junction superfast special (06057) will leave Chennai Central at 6.15pm on September 1 and reach Ernakulam Junction at 6.15am the next day. Ernakulam Junction-Chennai Central superfast special (06058) will leave Ernakulam Junction at 3.30pm on September 2 and reach Chennai Central at 3.30am the next day. Chennai Central-Kollam special (06005) will leave Chennai Central at 11.30pm on August 26 &amp; September 2 and reach Kollam at 4pm the next day. Kollam-Chennai Central special (06006) will leave Kollam at 7.30pm on August 27 &amp; September 3 and reach Chennai Central at 11.30am the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565414", "title": "'Women have to be alert about urinary incontinence'", "text": "PATNA: If a woman feels like leaking urine while laughing, coughing and sneezing and even while working, she should get alert. The tendency of uncontrolled frequent urination is a disturbing disorder. In medical term, it is called stress urinary incontinence (SUI),\" said Dr J B Sharma, professor in gynaecology department of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi.She was addressing a seminar on Uro-gynaecology at a local hotel on Sunday. The seminar was organized by Bihar Obstetric and Gynaecological Society (BOGS).Dr Sharma said the SUI badly affects the daily routine of a woman, especially of working lady, as she avoids going out of home fearing chances of sudden urination. The SUI mostly happens with females after bearing a baby as the muscles in that part of the body get damaged.Dr Pragya Mishra, who chaired the seminar, while throwing light on the SUI, said, \"Urinary incontinence in women usually occurs because of problems with muscles that help to hold or release urine. The body stores urine, the water and wastes removed by the kidneys, in the bladder, a balloon-like organ. The bladder connects to the urethra, the tube through which urine leaves the body. During urination, muscles in the bladder wall contract, forcing urine out of the bladder and into the urethra. At the same time, sphincter muscles surrounding the urethra relax, letting urine pass out of the body. Incontinence will occur if your bladder muscles suddenly contract or muscles surrounding the urethra suddenly relax,\" she said, adding that medical science had complete treatment of the problem like SUI.She further said that simple cases of urinary incontinence could be treated by the exercise called Pelvic Floor. The complicated cases require surgery.Dr Manju Geeta Mishra said the SUI not only affects quality of life of women but can also lead to depression. She also said treatment by untrained hands during pregnancy and delivery could lead to urinary tract diseases.The seminar was conducted by Dr Anita Singh and Dr Supriya Jaiswal. Dr Alka Pandey proposed a vote of thanks. Other prominent doctors present there were Dr Mauli Nath Banerjee (Kolkata), Dr Alok Kumar Jha (Faridabad), Dr Kusum Gopal Kapoor, Dr Pramila Modi and Dr Usha Didwania, Patna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563395", "title": "CM, deputy CM agree on closure of fodder depots", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who usually have diametrically opposite views, have agreed on close down fodder depots in the drought-affected rural Maharashtra. Pawar upheld Chavan's suggestion that the fodder depots be shut down in view of potential misuse of the scheme. Both surprised their cabinet colleagues by holding identical views on a crucial subject.Officials close to the CM stated that Chavan is of the opinion that the fodder camp scheme could be a money spinning business\u2014a milch cow for local politicians. Interestingly, a section of the NCP ministers wanted the scheme to continue for obvious political reasons. But NCP chief Sharad Pawar's nephew, Ajit Pawar, who holds the crucial finance portfolio, saw a reason in Chavan's argument and supported the chief minister's decision to close down the fodder depot, thus saving a staggering Rs 220 crore of the state exchequer.The fodder camp and cattle shelter is built by the government as relief measures in areas hit by the water scarcity. But, following complaints of fodder relief being shown on paper and actual beneficiaries (farmers) being deprived of the scheme, the cabinet in its recent meeting decided to stop all 366 fodder depot meant to provide relief in the drought-affected areas. \"The state's debt burden currently stands over Rs 2.10 lakh crore. The state government wants to axe its budgetary expenditure. This could be one of the reasons for Pawar supporting Chavan,\" a senior DF minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15564646", "title": "End witch-hunt against Wiki: Assange to US", "text": "LONDON: Making a dramatic appearance on the ground floor balcony of the Ecuadorian embassy in London on Sunday afternoon, and within a few feet of dozens of uniformed policemen, Wiki-Leaks founder Julian Assange attacked the United States and asked President Barack Obama to call off the witch-hunt against his whistle-blowing organization. Assange, whose previously blonde hair seems to have turned white, is at the centre of a diplomatic stand-off between Ecuador and Britain, which is obliged to send him to Sweden under a European Extradition Treaty. Sources claimed if Sweden gives an assurance that Assange will not be despatched to the US, Ecuador might agree to allow him to go there to be interrogated. The 41-year-old Australian was greeted by loud cheers from his supporters, whom he was addressing, and who were lined up in large numbers on the street in front of the red brick premises. This was the first time he was seen in public since June 19 last. Assange, wearing a grey shirt and a maroon tie, called for the release of Bradley Manning, the US army corporal , who has, according to him, been under detention for 851 days. The legal maximum in America, he said, was 120 days. Manning is suspected of leaking classified documents to the Wikileaks website. In June, the British supreme court rejected his final appeal to avoid being deported to Sweden, where he was wanted for questioning over sexual assault claims. \"I ask President Obama to do the right thing,\" Assange said. He called on him to \"dissolve\" the FBI inquiry into WikiLeaks and \"vow\" not to \"prosecute\" it. He added, \"The war on whistle-blowers must end.\" Assange claimed many people in the US, Britain, Sweden and Australia are behind him and thanked them for their solidarity.Julian in fighting spirits, says lawyerJulian Assange's lawyer on Sunday said WikiLeaks founder was in \"fighting spirits\" and was thankful to the people of Ecuador for granting him asylum. His lawyer Baltazar Garzon said: \"I have spoken to Julian Assange and I can tell you he is in fighting spirits and he is thankful to the people of Ecuador and especially to the president for granting asylum.\" PTIEcuador rallies neighbours in rowEcuador cast its dispute with Britain over asylum for Julian Assange as a struggle against colonialism on Saturday , drawing growing support from its neighbours in the international diplomatic saga. Incensed by London's threat to break into the Ecuadorean embassy, President Rafael Correa's government has accused Britain of bullying.QUOTE MARTIALAs WikiLeaks stands under threat, so does the freedom of expression and the health of all of our societies. We must use this moment to articulate the choice that is before the government of the US. Will it return to and re-affirm the revolutionary values it was founded on? Or will it lurch off the precipice, dragging us all into a dangerous and oppressive world in which journalists fall silent under the fear of prosecution and citizens must whisper in the dark. If the UK did not throw away the terms of the Vienna convention it was because the world was watching and the world was watching because you were watching. If Bradley Manning really did as he is accused, he is a hero, an example to us all, and one of the world's foremost political prisoners. The sun came up on a different world and a courageous Latin American nation took a stand for justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15569215", "title": "'Facebook CEO Zuckerberg should resign'", "text": "LONDON: Corporate experts have accused Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg of being 'in over his hoodie' and called for him to step down as CEO of the firm as the social networking giant's share price continues to fall.According to some experts, 28-year-old Zuckerberg should stick to his role of a technological innovator and hand the CEO reins over to a more experienced person.\"There is a growing sense that Mark Zuckerberg, talented though he may be, is in over his hoodie as CEO of a multibillion-dollar public company,\" The Los Angeles Times quoted Sam Hamadeh, head of research firm PrivCo, as saying.\"While in many cases a company founder can, and does, grow into the job, things are happening so quickly that there is precious little time here for Zuckerberg to do that,\" he added.Doubts about the Facebook founder intensified as the company's stock price plunged to an all-time low dropping to 19.87 dollars, almost half its IPO price.The paper also quoted Barry Ritholtz, head of research firm Fusion IQ, as saying that the drooping stock price could tag the company itself with a \"stink of failure\" that could make advertisers less willing to use Facebook.According to the paper, some investors blame Zuckerberg for several missteps, such as pricing the IPO at a stratospheric 100-billion dollars valuation.According to some experts, Zuckerberg's indifference to traditional corporate etiquette, like wearing sneakers and his trademark hoodie for Facebook's first big investor meeting, is viewed as disrespectful of the corporate world he needs to win over.\"His behaviour is what I would expect of someone his age, the hoodies and everything else,\" said Chris Whalen, senior managing director at Tangent Capital Partners in New York.\"He's trying to appeal to his audience instead of being responsible to his investors. His job now is to run the company,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565221", "title": "Burnt body: Man yet to be identified", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The police are yet to identify the person, whose partially burned body was found at the military-owned land at Vettamukku near Vattiyoorkavu on Saturday.Though, the results of forensic investigation and post-mortem are awaited, police suspect the death to be a case of suicide. According to Peroorkada circle inspector N Jayachandran, who is leading the investigation, the primary investigation points to the possibility of a suicide because there were no signs of a brawl at the place where the body was found.\"Also, we are not sure whether the body was set on fire. There is a possibility that the person came to the secluded place with an intention to commit suicide and consumed poison. The burn marks on the body might be the result of sun burns as the body has been lying there for over two days. A dead body, when exposed to sun light, gets burn marks quickly,'' the CI said. However, he did not fully dismiss the possibility of a murder. The Vattiyoorkavu police have sent messages to all police stations in the city and rural limits to respond with the information of any missing people in their station limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "15564991", "title": "Four children drown in a pond in Haryana", "text": "BHIWANI: Four children died after drowning in a pond near Kharak Kalan village of Haryana's Bhiwani district on Sunday.Among those who drowned were identified as Ravi (10), Harender (9), Mohit (10) and Sonu (8), all school students. The fifth child, Ravi Kumar, 9, has been admitted to the hospital in a critical condition.\"The children went to bathe in the pond without informing their families,\" said Bhiwani zila parishad member Brij Pal.Eleven-year-old Bhupinder, who is Harender's elder brother, rushed to inform villagers that the children were drowning. \"The villagers found the bodies of the four children floating in water while another child was struggling to keep afloat,\" said Pal. He added that the children were rushed to the Bhiwani civil hospital where the doctors declared four of them dead on arrival.\"Bhupinder told the villagers that in an attempt to save one of them, who had slipped into deep waters, the others drowned as well,\" said Pal.The children's family members informed police that they were playing on the street and went to the village pond without informing them. \"The bodies were handed over to the families as they didn't want a post mortem to be conducted,\" said a police official.A resident said the entire village was shocked over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570384", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger reaches Rs 100 crore mark", "text": "Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger has reached Rs 100 crore mark breaking all box-office records in India.Ek Tha Tiger is on a record-breaking spree. The film started on humungous note on Wednesday (August 15 holiday) collecting Rs 32 crores on its opening day. Thereby it broke the record for the highest first day collection which was earlier held by Agneepath which collected Rs 22 crores. The business dipped on Thursday and Friday but again picked up over the weekend. If early estimates are to be believed, the first weekend collection should touch Rs 100 crores. It that is true Ek Tha Tiger will break another record for the highest opening weekend collections which was ealier held by Salman Khan's last release Bodyguard . The film has managed such huge figures because of the extended five-day weekend (since it released 2 days in advance on Wednesday). Even Bodyguard had released on Wednesday during the Eid of 2011.Also Ek Tha Tiger would be the first film to reach the coveted Rs 100 crore mark in its opening weekend. Earlier this year, Housefull 2 and Bol Bachchan reached the Rs 100 crore mark but after two weeks.Multiple shows, no opposition and Salman Khan's mass-appeal has helped the film gain such huge initials. Trade observers also add that the hike in ticket prices for Ek Tha Tiger has led to such huge numbers at such an early stage.The coming week sees the release of Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi . The film marks the acting debut of Farah Khan and directorial debut of Bela Segal Bhansali, Sanjay Leela Bhansali's sister. It's a comedy about a middle-aged Parsi couple played by Boman Irani and Farah Khan.The other release is a small independent release titled Delhi in a Day . Directed by Prashant Nair, the film stars Lee Williams, Lillete Dubey, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Victor Banerjee, Anjali Patil and Vidya Bhushan.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: Ek Tha TigerPosition: 1Director: Kabir KhanCast: Salman Khan , Katrina KaifUpside: Salman-Katrina chemistry, superb action sequences, riveting narrativeDownside: Some loose endsRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: The film started on humungous note on Wednesday (August 15 holiday) collecting Rs 32 crores on its opening day. The business dipped on Thursday and Friday but again picked up over the weekend. If early estimates are to be believed, the first weekend collection should touch Rs 100 crores.Film: Gangs of WasseypurPosition: 2Director: Anurag KashyupCast: Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Zeishan Qureshi, Huma Qureshi, Tigmanshu DhuliaUpside: Brilliant performances, good storytelling and direction, different musicDownside: Stretched towards the end, repetitive after a pointRunning Week: 2Box-Office Verdict: Below AverageFilm: Jism 2Position: 3Director: Pooja BhattCast: Sunny Leone, Randeep Hooda, Arunoday SinghUpside: Sunny Leone sex-quotient, good musicDownside: Below average performances, slow narrative, dull storyRunning Week: 3Box-Office Verdict: The film has recovered costs but not made big money.Film: Kyaa Super Kool Hai HumPosition: 4Director: Sachin YardiCast: Riteish Deshmukh, Tusshar Kapoor , Sarah Jane Dias, Neha SharmaUpside: High on humour, Riteish Deshmukh's comic timing, good musicDownside: No sane storylineRunning Week: 4Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: CocktailPosition: 5Director: Homi AdajaniaCast: Saif Ali Khan, Deepika Padukone, Diana PentyUpside: Decent performances, good humour, lighthearted and refreshing treatmentDownside: Conventional love triangle plot, predictable climax, second half dragsRunning Week: 6Box-Office Verdict: Hit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562802", "title": "Coalgate also unearths delays in mining", "text": "NAGPUR: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), which has pointed out a revenue loss of Rs1.86 lakh crore to the government due to allotment of captive coal blocks without auction, has also observed that production in most of the mines has been held up for want of forest clearance and land acquisition. Other clearances from central and state government authorities also took abnormal time, adding to the delay, it said.Captive blocks are coal mines allotted to PSUs other than Coal India Limited (CIL), ultra mega power plants and private companies for their own end use. None of these are allowed to sell coal from such mines in the open market.The CAG has observed that there have been time overruns of up to 10 years too for mining to commence in such coal blocks. According to ministry of coal guidelines, production has to start in captive blocks within 36 months or 42 months in case the mines are in a forest area. Underground mines get longer period of 54 months.The audit team took up a case study of 68 non-producing blocks and found that forest clearance was awaited in 53 blocks, while land acquisition had not taken place in 62. The mining leases were not granted for 58 blocks, mine plans had not been approved in four, and 26 blocks were awaiting the approval of environment management plan. Even as some states had come up with a single window system, the process was rather slow, observed the CAG report.An expert committee formed in 2005 had also observed that delays were due to want of approvals. It had suggested ministry of coal should take a proactive role in monitoring approvals by state governments. It was therefore recommended to form a high-powered committee chaired by the coal secretary to monitor the cases.Among the 68 non-producing blocks, delays ranged from one to five years in 47 blocks, where production was due in June 2011, and 5 to 10 years in 4 blocks.Originally, the government had allotted 216 blocks with a total reserves of 50,527.42 million tons from 1993 onwards to entities like government companies, private companies and ultra mega power projects. Out of these, 32 were taken back due to non-production. Currently, there are 194 blocks with a capacity of 44,440 million tons allotted.BOXCoal production targets missedEven as union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had said that only one of the 57 private companies allotted coal blocks had begun mining, the CAG report mentions 15 coal blocks allotted to private players have started mining.The CAG team that went into the delay in commencement of mining, reported that 28 blocks were found to be producing coal out of which 15 belonged to private companies. Apart from the 68 non-producing blocks it also did a case study of these mines. It was found that out of 28, there was time overrun in 13 blocks ranging from one to ten years. According to the CAG report, all these blocks had a cumulative production of 34.64 million tons as on March 2011.During the eleventh plan, coal output of 73 million tons was targeted from 86 blocks. However, as on March 2011, mining had begun in 28, including the 15 belonging to private players, says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563989", "title": "Haryana comes up with new scheme for land acquisition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana is now offering a new 'land pooling' scheme to douse protests against land acquisition for industrial development, which provides an option for land owners to become \"partners\" in the development process. The government expects to find favour among land owners in the National Capital Region (NCR) where land prices sky rocket after development.The scheme was announced soon after a major protest against land acquisition for industrial development in Rewari. According to the scheme, people owning over half acre of land, which government intends to acquire for industrial development, can opt for this scheme. They would have the option of getting a developed industrial plot or can take the government rate of a similar industrial plot. The amount would be paid as soon as the industry department floats tenders for plot allotment. The land owners opting for developed plot will also have the right to sell them.The industries and commerce department notified this scheme on August 14. According to norms, the land owners would have to opt for this soon after government issues notification under section-4 (intention to acquire land) of Land Acquisition Act. They would have the choice to opt for a 1,200 sq yard developed land for each one acre of land proposed to be acquired. This would cover all compensation package and other benefits. Those losing half acre would get a 600 sq yard plot. The scheme will be applicable where land acquisition process has started.The policy makes it clear that in case the plot sizes are less than the entitlement than for the government will pay compensation and other benefits for the differential land. For example, if the entitlement is for 600 sq yards and the standard size of industrial plot carved out is 450 sq meters the landowner will be allotted a 450 sq meters developed plot and receive the payment for the balance land calculated at the allotment price determined at the time of first floatation.\"More land owners in and around NCR would opt for this since they would have the freedom to rent out, sell or start an industry on a developed plot. In hinterland, we feel people will go for compensation and other benefits,\" an industry department official said.The landowners can also request for advance part payment of the developed land price at the time of award. This advance amount compounded with 9% annual interest will be adjusted against the final amount when the tenders for industrial plots are floated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563396", "title": "Moral value questions in XI, XII subjects", "text": "INDORE: Be ready to face questions that may not be directly related to subject. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is going to introduce 'Value-based or moral-values questions' for students of Class XI and XII. The questions will carry three to five marks and will be introduced in 15 major subjects, possibly from new academic session.The questions will check your concern and would ask you justify your stand and even suggestions to solve any problem. Ashish Saxena, principal of Agarwal Public School said, \"We have yet to receive guidelines from the board. But, the new pattern is soon likely to be introduced for the Class XI and XII students. Questions will be based on moral values. The board has decided to follow inter-disciplinary approach.\" Few days ago when the CBSE chairman visited the city to attend a conference, he had also discussed interdisciplinary approach, he added.According to sources, the board has also decided to add 5% weightage in the major subjects (English, Hindi, mathematics, biology, physics, chemistry, accountancy, history, geography, business studies, entrepreneurship and economics) in classes XI and XII through questions which will be integrated with the content of the subject and analysed on the basis of the values it reflects. The questions will be for five marks in a paper of 100 marks and three to four marks in a question paper of 70-90 marks, which will \"come into effect from next year\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564741", "title": "New ambulance servicewithout toll-free number", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a move that reflects a total lack of planning, the UP government is all set to launch an ambulance service exclusively for expectant mothers and newborns without any toll-free number or setting up a back-end call centre to support the service. Known as UP Ambulance Sewa (UPAS), this network would be besides the multi-crore emergency medical transport service (EMTS) project, which is yet to take off.Although little has been done to set up the call centre required for this new project or start the toll-free number to be contacted in need, funds for the project have been sanctioned. The project will have one supervisor and three operators per district. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is likely to launch the project next week.According to health and family welfare department officials, 972 ambulances are to be procured under the scheme. In the first phase, two ambulances each would be sent to 75 districts. By September-end, the plan is to equip all blocks and district general and women hospitals with this service.But, how the scheme would work without a common toll-free number? Mukesh Mehsram, mission director, NRHM, says that till the time the toll-free number gets operational, the service would be coordinated by accredited social health associates (ASHAs). \"We are going to provide a cell phone to all ASHA workers who would be having the cell phone numbers of the medical officer in-charge of their first referral unit. These workers would be asked to circulate their cell phone number in their respective areas,\" Meshram says.Meshram says that efforts are on to get a dedicated toll-free number for the service as soon as possible. \"We have written to the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited to provide a number for the purpose. The BSNL is also going to set up a call center for this ambulance service. But that is going to take some time,\" he says.The service would work to implement the Janani Shishu Swastha Karyakram (JSSK), another important programme under the national rural health mission (NRHM) after the Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSK) to promote institutional delivery and check maternal and infant deaths. A similar ambulance service is functional under different names in many other states like Madhya Pradesh (Janani Express), Gujarat (Chiranjeevi) and Chhattisgarh (Mahatari).It may be mentioned here that after much delay, the work to start EMTS, which is also part of the NRHM, has started. After the project got caught in a quagmire of scam, one of the bidders went court against the allotment of work. About 500 especially assembled ambulances for the purpose are still gathering dust. The court case has now settled, but arrangement to set up the call centre is yet to be made and it seems it would take some time before it could see the light of the day.With one ambulance project being a non-starter, why this haste to launch a second project? Family welfare department officials say that UPAS and EMTS would be two different services. \"UPAS is a dedicated service for transporting expectant mothers to the nearest first referral unit and dropping her back from the health facility to her home. The service would be used to transport the neonatal in case of illness to the health center and vice-versa. EMTS on the other hand would work as a universal ambulance service for road accidents, heart attacks , burns, riots, natural calamity and other emergency situations,\" says a health official.The need for UPAS was felt after the realisation that delay in medial attention was the main reason for maternal and infant deaths in UP. An estimate prepared by the state family welfare department said that more than 35% of maternal deaths can be checked if patients were transported to the nearest health facility in time. Not only this, in the previous phase of JSSK, state health department roped in private taxis for this purpose. But due to acute shortage of registered taxis the programme did not take off in more than 60% of the targeted places, explains a family welfare department official.Mehsram says that lack of workforce is the biggest bane of NRHM programme. \"The entire state programme management unit of NRHM is being managed by a handful of people though the Centre has allowed us to hire consultants and other staff. Everything would be streamlined by the end of September,\" he says.Times ViewThe launch of an ambulance service in India's biggest state is definitely a welcome step. But it shouldn't be done in a tearing hurry. Otherwise, it is sure to hurtle into disaster. Having planned an exclusive service for mothers and newborns, the family welfare department should have worked on modalities and support system to run it smoothly. The service should have been launched only after ensuring that it is easily approachable to the needy. Running such a service without a common number will hardly serve any purpose. Still, the government is going ahead with the launch first and then planning to set up the support system. The BSP government has drawn enough flak for the NRHM scam and poor implementation of rural health service. The present government must learn from the past mistakes and move forward with proper planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563713", "title": "Hindu and Muslim pray together", "text": "KANPUR: The members of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal along with the locals had organized a special prayer session in, which both Hindus and Muslims prayed together for communal harmony in the country.The programme was held in Tota Park in Sutarkhana.While people of Hindu community conducted 'havan' the Muslims read holy 'Kuran'.Gyanesh Mishra, organiser of the programme informed that this programme was held to promote communal harmony. Mishra added that both Hindus and Muslims celebrate all important festivals together and we would be celebrating the festival of Eid in the same way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore/ mangalore", "code": "15564285", "title": "SMS cap confuses telecom operators", "text": "BANGALORE/ MANGALORE: This Eid and Onam, your greetings to friends and relatives may not go through.Following a government order that restricts SMS usage, most operators have limited the number of SMSs that a subscriber can send to five a day for the next 15 days. The order\u2014which follows the incendiary messages that provoked the exodus of northeast people from southern Indian cities\u2014is a little confusing, but most operators seem to want to err on the side of caution.The letter from the Union telecom department's security wing, dated August 17, instructs telecom operators to block bulk SMS and MMS. The letter reads: \"Block bulk SMS (more than 5) for next 15 days in the entire country across all States/Union Territories.\" There is a similar line for MMS. The letter exempts transactional messages related to institutions such as banking, financial institutes and the railways.But the inveterate texting community has a ready online tool to beat the SMS cap. They have downloaded online applications like WhatsApp and Nimbuzz that allow web-based instant messaging across continents\u2014and for free. The only caveat is that the user must have an internet connection on his mobile device.The genesis of the confusion surrounding the restriction is the term\u2014bulk SMS\u2014which typically refers to commercial SMSs used mainly by telemarketers. Some say the government order aims at stopping a single SMS from being sent to more than five people from one source.Many subscribers trying to send their sixth message on Saturday and Sunday received messages like: \"As per the government's order, your limit is 5 SMS a day\", or \"Hi! You have sent 5 SMS today. As per govt guidelines, you can't send more than 5 SMS today. Your SMS services will be resumed post midnight.\"Confusion is evident in the way the operators have implemented the order. Some subscribers are continuing to enjoy unlimited SMS usage. \"Maybe the order is still being rolled out across circles. Or, may be some operators have interpreted the order differently,\" said one telecom analyst.But most major operators, including market leader Airtel, are restricting SMS usage to five a day. The biggest impact of this will be on festival days. Ramzan Eid and Onam fall within the 15-day period, and these are days when lakhs of SMS greetings are sent. Commercial establishments gearing up to wish and make offers to customers on Eid and Onam through SMSs will also be adversely impacted. All of this will mean a big loss for telecom operators.As in many other things, technology, too, provides a way out of these restrictions. Those who have internet plans on their mobile devices can use online applications like WhatsApp Messenger and Nimbuzz to exchange any number of messages. Just as BlackBerry has its messenger service, these online apps can be used for messaging through other phones, and they need not be smartphones.Joby Babu, head of operations in Nimbuzz, said their average daily new user registrations had risen by about 15% in the past week, ever since rumours about an SMS clampdown started. \"On one day, it rose 20%,\" he said. Out of Nimbuzz's 102 million registered users globally, about 18 million are in India.Youngsters are the biggest users of SMS, and many of them are upset by the SMS restriction. Deepali Swadha, a third-year student, said life had become very difficult after the SMS cap was imposed. \"Now we have to call people every time and it costs a lot,\" she said.But some don't care. Varnavi K, a student in Manipal, said many students have WhatsApp and those numbers are now rising with the SMS cap coming in. The service even allows you to send international and national messages free, whereas an international SMS would cost Rs 5 charge and a national SMS Re 1 or Rs 2.Ajay Rao, studying in Manipal Institute of Communication, said: \"I had WhatsApp on my phone, but never used it. Now I have started using it and I'm going to recommend it to my friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563173", "title": "Krishna to take up fake messages issue with Khar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stunned by its own findings that messages about attacks on northeasterners originated in Pakistan , government sources said foreign minister S M Krishna will take up the issue with his counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar when he meets her next month for the next round of bilateral dialogue.\"Citing these developments, the minister will deliver a very strong message to them to stop all anti-India campaigns,'' an official said.India is also looking at providing technical evidence to Islamabad to prove the origin of these messages in that country, government sources said on Sunday. Krishna has called an emergency meeting with foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and other senior MEA officials to take a final call on the issue.Mathai is expected to brief the minister about the evidence which suggests that these messages originated in Pakistan. \"The Pakistani interior minister has sought to put the onus on us by asking for evidence and, depending upon the outcome of this meeting, a decision will be taken on summoning the Pakistani high commissioner to present him with this evidence,'' a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15565242", "title": "Holiday lessens rail commuters\u2019 pain", "text": "MUMBAI: But for it being a Sunday, local train passengers would have had an arduous time on account of the heavy rainfall the day witnessed.The Harbour Line was the worst affected, with passengers being stranded at platforms not only because of waterlogging and signal failure, but also due to a megablock that cut off Navi Mumbai from the main city for nearly five hours.On the Central Line, trains ran about 30 minutes late, and on the Western Line, some trains were cancelled.A Central Railway official said, \"Due to heavy rains from early morning and signal failure at Reay Road, coupled with waterlogging between Kurla and Wadala, our Harbour Line suburban services started running behind schedule.\"A source said waterlogging was reported at Chunabhatti and GTB Nagar, affecting the frequency of locals further. On CR's main line, services were affected in the afternoon after an Ambernath local witnessed \"unit trouble\" and had to be terminated at Ghatkopar . CR public relations officer A K Singh said, \"Due to this, down services were delayed by 25 minutes.\" Because of the snag, services between Thane and Kalyan were hit, passengers said. \"But because it was a holiday, the passenger rush was less compared to peak days,\" Singh said.On the Harbour Line, a megablock was in effect between Mankhurd and Nerul from 11am to 4pm, which meant that train services were suspended in the period. During it, CR ran special locals on the CST-Mankhurd and Panvel-Thane sections. Some suburban services had to be cancelled on the Western Line, which had a block between Churchgate and Mumbai Central from 10.35am to 3.35pm on its slow corridor.Waterlogging causes snarl-upsWaterlogging affected road traffic in parts of Mumbai, especially in the morning. The problem was particularly bad near Hindmata, where vehicles, including BEST buses, had to be diverted. Waterlogging was reported in Matunga, Kalachowkie, Nagpada, Wadala, Byculla, Sion and Jogeshwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563565", "title": "Stranded on border, boy sheltered by Rajasthan village", "text": "JAIPUR: He was found stranded near the Pakistan border two months ago. This 12-year-old boy can barely speak, and hopes of finding his home and family are receding.The boy suffers from a speech disorder. There are only a few words he can utter, and he has been mostly crying since June 18, when residents of a village on the India-Pakistan International border in Sri Ganganagar district spotted him and handed him over to the Border Security Force (BSF).Villagers feared he might be taken for a Pakistan intruder in the darkness in this desert area and killed. The boy is currently lodged in a shelter home run by a non-government organization.Keshrisinghpur police station Inspector Narayan Dan Charan told agencies that all efforts to trace the boy's family have gone in vain.\"A name, 'Angad', was found tattooed on his hand when he was spotted June 18 by residents of the village near the international border near Padampur. He was crying and wandering around,\" the officer said. The village is about 600 km from state capital Jaipur.\"The area is quite sensitive with 24/7 vigil by the BSF personnel to prevent infiltration from Pakistan,\" the inspector added.\"As villagers thought that the boy might be shot dead in confusion if he is considered a Pakistani intruder, they informed BSF officials and handed him over to them,\" said the officer.The officer said that the BSF failed to ascertain the identity of the boy.\"They then gave his custody to the police. We also tried to trace his family, but as the child is almost dumb, he is unable to tell us anything. He was scared and febrile. He was hospitalized,\" said Charan.Bhajan Singh, a representative of an NGO called 'Harprabh Asara' situated in a village near Padampur in Sri Ganganagar district that has given the child shelter over the past two months, said: \"We are trying to make him feel comfortable. However, he is sometimes restless. He only utters two words, 'baba' and 'mama'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564007", "title": "India aims to cap fertility rate at 2.1 by 2017", "text": "NEW DELHI: India aims to meet the much-awaited goal of reaching the total fertility rate (TFR) \u2014 the average number of children born to a woman \u2014to 2.1% by the end of 12th five year plan (2012-17).The Planning Commission is likely to set the TFR target of 2.1 in its 12th Plan document, which is likely to be cleared by National Development Council (NDC) in October.\"India is on track to achieve the target of 2.1 by 2017, which is necessary to achieve net replacement level of unity,\" said the Plan panel's steering committee on health. The move aims to realize the long cherished goal of the National Health Policy, 1983, and National Population Policy, 2000, the committee said.The panel, however, noted that stagnant TFR over the last two years is a matter of concern.The Commission is likely to set the target of reducing infant mortality rate (IMR) to 28. IMR is the probability of dying between birth and one year per 1,000 live births.\"At historical rate of decline, India is projected to have an IMR of 38 by 2015 and 34 by 2017. An achievement of the Millennium Development Goal (MDG) of reducing IMR to 27 by 2015 would require an even further acceleration of this historical rate of decline,\" the steering committee said. \"If this accelerated rate is sustained, the country can achieve an IMR of 19 by 2017,\" it added.The Commission aims at reducing malnutrition among children (0-3 yrs) by half of NFHS-3 figures, along with reducing anemia among girl and women by 50%.According to NHFS 3 (2005-06), around 23% of children were wasted and the percentage of children who were underweight stood at 40%. NFHS-3 had found high prevalence of anemia at 70% in children aged between six and 59 months and in 55% of women.Though the Commission has set the ambitious targets in the health sector for the 12th Plan, the government had failed to meet the targets for 11th Plan (2007-12).Plan panel's steering committee noted that India trails in health outcomes behind its neighbours like Sri Lanka and Bangladesh , which have a comparable per capita income.The 11th Plan had set six health outcome indicators as time-bound 'goals' that included lowering maternal and infant mortality, malnutrition among children, anemia among women and girls, fertility, and raising child sex ratio.The committee said, \"Though, there has been progress on all these fronts, except child sex ratio, the goals have not been fully met.\"The review of 11th Plan health targets revealed low public spending on health (1% of GDP), high out-of-pocket payments (71%) leading to impoverishment, high levels of anemia (56% among ever-married women in 15-45 age bracket) reflect in high levels of malnutrition among children (wasting 22.9%, stunting 44.9%), high infant mortality (47 per 1,000 live births) and maternal mortality (212 per 1 lakh live births).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563689", "title": "Gehlot calls on teachers to stem violence against people from NE", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a serious note of the exodus of north eastern citizens amid rumours of violence against them to take revenge for the clashes in Assam , chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday asked the teachers' community to stand against those fanning communal disharmony in the country.\"Forces threatening our internal peace and unity are very active. It is the duty of every individual especially teachers to educate the masses to not pay heed to rumours and play an active role in nation building by promoting peace and harmony besides educating the masses,\" Gehlot said, addressing a function at Mahavir School on the occasion of 68th birth ceremony of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi.Rajasthan has very few citizens from the north eastern states engaged in menial jobs in industrial areas. The level of exodus is insignificant among them as none of them has complaint of any threat. On the contrary, state intelligence agencies have confirmed that people from Assam, mostly Bangladeshi infiltrators, are sneaking into several districts of Rajasthan.Gehlot, in his speech, asked the teachers to play a vital role in promoting the state and Union governments' developmental schemes among the masses. \"Your role is not restricted to classrooms. It is much bigger. Teachers are real icons behind successful people in the world,\" Gehlot said, while informing the audience on various developmental schemes introduces by his government.He assured all sections of teachers of redressing their problems. \"The state government has taken many corrective measures to safeguard the interest of both employees and teachers. We have formed committees to look into the problems of both,\" Gehlot said adding that the government has given permanent jobs to 74,000 employees and recruitment of 48,000 teachers is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563654", "title": "Crematorium smoke pollutes Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Crematoriums in the city seem to have become a major source of air pollution with the anti-pollution devices there lying almost defunct, triggering a blame-game between two key departments of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC).In spite of spending Rs 21 lakh to install a pollution control device at the Garia crematorium, the civic body is flooded with complaints that it has stopped functioning resulting in massive pollution in and around the area. Some residents are even complaining that fly ash is entering their dining rooms.Sensing the gravity of the problem, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed visited some crematoriums in the city, along with senior KMC officials, recently. Ahmed has formed a committee to suggest steps to modernize the crematoriums.While KMC's electricity department officials are blaming the health department for not acting against the 'doms' - the caretakers of the crematoriums - 'responsible' for the malfunctioning of the devices, the latter has taken pot shots at the electricity section on maintenance ground.\"We were expecting a respite from the thick black smoke, that billows out of the furnaces, when the KMC had installed the anti pollution device here six years ago. Within a couple of years, it developed snags and we started suffering again,\" said Pradip Roy, a Garia resident working in a government hospital at Barasat.\"We don't even know how effective these devices are, since they have not undergone a rigorous test by the West Bengal Pollution Control Board,\" said a KMC health department official. Gautam Pattanaik, the director general, lighting department, however, said the state PCB had cleared the newly-installed anti pollution device at Garia subject to certain checks and modifications.Mousumi Pahari, a teacher and a resident of nearby Ramkrishnanagar, alleged that more than the black smoke and dust particles, the smell from the furnaces makes it difficult for her to live in the locality. \"The smell from the furnace Nasty smell which comes out of the furnace makes it difficult for us to stay in the locality,\" Pahari said.Similarly, those living adjacent to crematoriums like Keoratala, Birjunala in Garden Reach, Kashi Mitra, Nimtala and Siriti have been experiencing the same problem. They have registered complaints with the respective KMC borough offices seeking their immediate intervention.The municipal commissioner has asked an executive of the KMC electrical department and a sub-register of the crematoriums in the city to visit these polluting burning ghats and submit a report twice a month.Officials of the KMC electricity department blamed the civic body's health department for the mess.A report submitted to the municipal commissioner by Pattanaik alleged that the 'doms' were to be blamed for the defunct pollution devices. \"They let bodies enter the furnaces with clothes on, in lieu of money from the families of the deceased. They also put pressure on the KMC electric department staffers at the crematoriums to stop the furnace even before the bodies are completely burnt,\" the report said.Rubbishing the allegations, KMC's member, mayor-in-council (health) Atin Ghosh held the officials of the electricity department responsible. \"The furnaces are maintained by the electricity department. If the engineers fail to do their duty, what will we do?\" he asked.Crematoria in the city have become a major source of air pollution. Pollution control devices installed in a majority of Kolkata crematoria are malfunctioning, polluting localities adjoining them.Consider, for instance, the Garia Adi Mahasashan. This crematorium located in Boral is used by people in South 24 Parganas. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) headquarters has been flooded with complaints from local residents alleging major air pollution. Though the KMC health department had spent Rs 21 lakh to install a pollution control device there, it isn't working. The result is obvious. Some residents complained that fly ash from the crematoria are entering their dining rooms too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566348", "title": "Third Tollywood film for Rohit Roy", "text": "His popularity on the national television didn't deter Rohit Roy from courting the Bengali film industry. After 'Pa Ma Ga Re Sa' and 'Bhorer Alo', buzz doing the rounds is that Rohit might star in yet another Tollywood film. The actor had recently come down to Kolkata for a recce of the city, where he is planning to shoot for Rajiv Virani's film tentatively titled 'Dirty Sexy Money'. The film will be made in both Hindi and Bengali and Rohit will act in the Bengali version.Confirming the news, Rohit said, \"Kolkatans think that I do not want to act in Bengali projects. But that's not true. I am all set to change their perception. As for the Hindi version, we are in talks with Ali Zafar to play the lead.\" Rohit has also penned the film's script along with two others.When asked whether his brother-in-law, Sharman Joshi, will be a part of the venture, he added, \"I think Sharman will be perfect for the role. But he is very fussy about his movies and I don't want to exploit the relationship we share in order to make him agree for the project.\"The movie is a psychological thriller that revolves around two girls and a boy. \"The movie has a twist in the end. We will shoot around November-December and it will release in 2013,\" Rohit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15565372", "title": "Regular salary eludes Magadh University staff", "text": "GAYA: After the NDA government came to power in the state about seven years back, nearly 5,000 teachers and non-teaching employees of Magadh University (MU) hoped that at least they can now expect regular salary payment which they were bereft of for decades. It was not a wishful thinking on part of the university employees as in the run up to the two assembly elections held in February and October, 2005, the NDA campaigners had virtually promised moon to the university employees.Seven years down the line, regular salary still eludes the MU employees and the salary backlog has only increased, says Amarnath Pathak, general secretary of MU non-teaching employees union. Pathak regretted that even on an important festival like Eid, the employes did not get salary. Five months into the financial year 2012-13, and the employees have received a 'truncated pay packet' only once for the months of April and May, 2012.MU Registrar DK Yadav said salary for the months of June 2012, onward has not been paid due to the non- availability of grant. Salary will be paid as and when government grant is made available, said Yadav.The delay in the release of salary grant is attributed to the government -university stand off on the issue of the number of sanctioned posts, number of working employees and the legitimacy of appointments. The government, according to sources, is reluctant to acknowledge the existence of nearly 200 teachers and about 800 non-teaching employees on the alibi that the appointments were of questionable nature. A series of meetings held between the university and education department officials failed to break the deadlock on the issue.Earlier, the government released fund for the months of April and May, 2012, for payment of salary to the teachers and non-teaching employees of the university headquarters, PG departments and allied units, 44 constituent colleges and four deficit grant minority colleges as per its own calculations with the result that the salary grant fell short of the requirement.As per official figures, the number of sanctioned posts of teachers in MU stood at 3,080. As against the 3,080 sanctioned posts, the number of working teachers is 1,998. But the government refuses to acknowledge the existence of 198 teachers and holds only 1,800 teachers eligible to receive salary from the public exchequer. In case of non-teaching employees, the government acknowledges 3,165 posts as sanctioned ones. The number of employees actually working in the university in non-teaching category has been put at 3,402. But the government considers only 2,672 non- teaching employees eligible to receive emoluments from the public exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564344", "title": "Life convict Qadeer celebrates Eid with family", "text": "HYDERABAD: M A Qadeer, former police constable who is serving a life conviction in Cherlapally jail in connection with the murder of his in-charge officer, was released from the Gandhi Hospital, where he was recovering from multiple ailments, on humanitarian grounds to celebrate Eid-ul-Fitr with his family for a week beginning Sunday.According to Qadeer's lawyer Pushpinder Kaur, the government had issued a memo late on Friday which said the convict, who is suffering from multiple ailments,would be allowed to be out of prison for seven days. Kaur had represented his case in the high court which directed the kin of Qadeer on August 3 to seek release of the convict with the government. It also directed the government to respond to the plea within six weeks.Following the high court directive Qadeer's wife Sabera Begum represented by Pushpinderhad submitted a petition to the special chief secretary home Chhaya Ratan. The memo is addressed to Superintended of Cherlapally jail and Inspector Amberpet.Abid Rasool Khan, Feroz Khan and other Congress leaders had also pleaded with the government to grant Qadeer leave from prison on humanitarian to be with his family during Eid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15562744", "title": "Jealousy hurting Indian athletics, feels Poonia", "text": "JAIPUR: Before the London Olympics, PT Usha had indicated that it would be foolish to expect good performances from the Indian athletics team. Milkha Singh was more generous in his assessment, saying that only Krishna Poonia and Vikas Gowda had a glimmer hope, if any.Poonia and Gowda both reached the final of the women's and men's discus throw. Usha and Milkha's comments, though, did not go down well with the current crop of athletes. Poonia, at least, finds a hint of jealousy in the attitude of the stalwarts, who, she feels, deliberately try to discourage the current athletes.\"There is a feeling of jealousy which is hurting us,\" she told TOI on Sunday, after her return to Jaipur. \"Our seniors do not enjoy the fact that juniors might do better than them.\"Not much was expected from Indian athletes, yet Poonia feels reaching finals were reasons enough to celebrate.\"We had other athletes doing well too,\" Poonia said. \"One walker (KT Irfan) finished 10th and set a national record. Other walkers did well too. But, our seniors never even uttered a word of praise for them.\"Poonia met Usha at the London Games, but said the latter appeared to be friendly only during the later part of the mega-event. \"I can understand that, as she was busy with her ward Tintu Luka's preparations,\" Poonia said.Talking about criticisms from the former stalwarts, Poonia said she was quite hurt by some of the comments she has been hearing. \"If they are so good at their assessment, why can't they produce some quality athletes?\" she asked.Incidentally, Milkha Singh hadn't been too generous with his comments after Poonia, Seema Antil and Harwant Kaur had swept the Commonwealth Games podium in 2010. That continues to irk Krishna, even though Flying Sikh has been more positive about her this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563356", "title": "Ensure northeast pupils\u2019 safety: Mumbai University", "text": "MUMBAI: St Xavier's College, Dhobi Talao, has offered to provide temporary accommodation to their students from the Northeast in case of any trouble. With rumours of violence doing the rounds, several students have been reported to have left the city in the last week. City colleges have been asked to calm disturbed students and get them back to the institutions.Father Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of St Xavier's, said, \"We are hearing about students leaving the city in fear. None of the students from our college, who belong to the region, have approached us. We want our students and their parents to know that the college would offer them temporary accommodation on the campus, so that they can avail of the facility and not leave the city in a hurry.\"He added that the college has been talking to students on a regular basis. Some have told the authorities that they are fine. \"We have still offered to help as students need to be reassured,\" added the principal.Mumbai University has issued a circular to all colleges, asking them to take proper measures to ensure security for students in their institutions. Colleges have also been asked the take the help of the nearest police station. \"But if students have left the institution in recent days, efforts must be made to bring them back by giving them confidence and assurance of security,\" said the circular. It also added that principals have been requested to arrange counselling for such students.Naresh Chandra, pro-vice-chancellor of the university, said, \"We have visited the campus hostels at Kalina and spoken to students. We have asked them to not go by rumours.\" He said students have been asked to approach the NSS co-ordinator, hostel wardens or higher officials in case of trouble.Students are calming down after assurances from the government authorities. Tage D, an engineering student who lives in Vashi and is originally from Arunachal Pradesh, said, \"I don't believe in the rumours and there is absolutely no problem in living alone in the city as of now. I am attending college regularly.\"Meanwhile, railway authorities said no trains are available to Assam on Sundays and so, there were no reports of students from the Northeast leaving the city. \"The panic seemed to have subsided as trains were not packed even on Saturday,\" said an official.(Inputs from Somit Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15564590", "title": "Naipaul\u2019s wife finds Pak \u2018horror\u2019 now stalking UK", "text": "LONDON: Disturbed by cases of honour killing in Britain, Nadira Naipaul, wife of celebrated Indian-origin writer V S Naipal, says that she sees in London the same \"horror\" that made her flee Pakistan.Writing in the Daily Mail on Sunday, Nadira, says, \"I can still see the horror that made me flee Pakistan \u2014 in the haunted eyes of girls raised here... When I married V S Naipaul and moved to England in 1996, I thought I had left the horror behind.\"She adds, \"Pakistan had drained my resolve, and I was tired of fighting a losing battle . To me, England, for all its ills, was the promised land. Instead , I have found the horror I fled has followed me here. It is all around, eroding the very core of everything Britain believes in.\"I see it everywhere. In the haunted eyes of young Pakistani girls, brought up in Britain , who know nothing but a Westernized life: young women who work happily behind beauty counters in our department stores, yet must return home to parents who refuse to emerge from their cultural ghettos.\"Cases of honour killings and forced marriages are reported from communities with origins in the Indian subcontinent . British authorities have taken several measures to prevent forced marriages. However, such cases continue to be reported, including the recent widely followed case of Shafilea Ahmed, who was killed by her parents for having westernized lifestyle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15565040", "title": "Minister takes a dig at babus on job scheme", "text": "NASHIK: Expressing doubts over the administration planting saplings to achieve targets and further making efforts for their survival, relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam, during a tour of Nashik, ordered officials to upload photographs of plantations of saplings under the 1-crore plantation programme, along with the address on the website.\"Officials have been instructed to upload photographs of saplings with reference to the areas of plantation on websites. The information provided will help identify plantation areas, the target and achievement,\" the minister said.On remittance of payments to beneficiaries under the employment guarantee scheme (EGS), Kadam took a dig at bureaucrats, warning them against defaming the government. \"The government has provided funds, but because of the incomplete process, the funds have failed to reach EGS beneficiaries. The administration has failed to coordinate to ensure beneficiaries get the labour in at least 15 days,\" the minister said, setting a similar deadline before which payments of all beneficiaries have to be cleared.On the drought-like situation in Nashik division, Kadam said Nashik and Ahmednagar had received less rainfall and the situation was very serious. The minister told the administration to start fodder shelters for cattle, instead of its delivery to farmers.On the shortage of drinking water in Malegaon, which is being supplied by private tankers, and that the administration had not sanctioned more than four despite the 40 required, he ordered the Nashik zilla parishad chief executive officer to carry out a survey with the help of the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran and file reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15563312", "title": "Elderly women unaware of welfare schemes", "text": "BHOPAL: Senior citizens, especially women are hardly aware about the various welfare schemes being run by the state and Union governments. A whopping 61% of the elderly women from the city are unaware about the welfare measures for them, reveals a survey conducted by the women studies department of Barkatullah University, Bhopal .Interestingly, the women studies department conducted the survey on old age women living with the families.Elaborating on the survey and its conclusion Prof Asha Shukla, head of the department of women studies, told TOI, \"Most of the government schemes are meant to promote the health, well-being and independence of senior citizens especially women in the country. However, most of the schemes exist only on paper as the target groups are not aware about such schemes and policies,\" she said.Highlighting the points covered in the scheme, Prof Shukla said her team spoke to several old age women on six different points including their support to the family, problems, routine life, health issues, awareness about different schemes run by the government and effect of laws made for them.Raising questions over the several welfare schemes run by the government, the survey revealed that most of the old age women do not have any information regarding the pension schemes, free medical facilities, old age homes and others.\"It is surprising that old age women do not have any information about the important schemes like National Policy for Older Persons, The Integrated Programme for Older Persons and others,\" Prof Shukla said and questioned the approach of the government saying \"its time for the government to think seriously about making elder citizens, especially women, aware about the schemes.Survey also revealed other issues pertaining to the old age women. \"Around 66% old age women admitted that they are suffering with some medical problems. This is an alarming figure which needs to be addressed,\" Prof Shukla said. She added that despite facing medical problems, 44% of the women are supporting their families in domestic work while 44% are involved in social work.Suggestions:The survey in its conclusion suggested several measures to overcome the issues-* Proper advertisements and awareness*Special schemes according to the physical ability of women* Separate monitoring cell to keep a tab on special schemes* Regular counseling of needy old age women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15565041", "title": "Crank calls haunt Sharmas", "text": "NEW DELHI: For Geetika Sharma's family, the ordeal is not over yet. After losing their daughter and enduring the pain of seeing their daughter's tormentor\u2014Gopal Goyal Kanda\u2014evade law's long arm for 12 days, the family claims it is being harassed by crank callers.The family alerted the cops after receiving three such calls on Saturday and five on Friday. The caller doesn't speak whenever he calls up a cellphone; but on the landline, he asks for Geetika. He refuses to hang up even when they tell him that she is no more. The family called it a pressure tactic by Kanda to stop them from pursuing the case. \"We will face it. This will just make us stronger,\" said Ankit, Geetika's brother.\"We are just three people left in our family and are very scared. It was because of these calls that we did not go to the court on Saturday even though we wanted to see Kanda and hear what he had to say. In one of the calls, three days ago, the caller said he was from a job portal and wanted to speak to Geetika. This is bizarre as we have never given our landline number to anyone other than family and friends,\" said Ankit.Meanwhile, cops had a tough time interrogating the MLA on the first day of his custody, even though they managed to learn that he had been hiding in a kutir in Sirsa while cops were looking for him everywhere. Asked about the hundreds of text messages sent to her, his frequent trips to foreign destinations and his close relationship with her parents who he took on vacations with him, he remained stubbornly quiet. A five-member team headed by the joint commissioner of police (northern range) was interrogating Kanda, who did not pay much heed to junior interrogators, said a source. Others in the team are an additional CP-rank officer, DCP northwest, ACP Ashok Vihar and SHO of Bharat Nagar police station.He was taken to MDLR's Gurgaon office where cops seized several computer servers, hard disks and files.A source said Kanda was also taken to his Civil Lines, Gurgaon, house and Aruna Chaddha's house. Police will also seek a production warrant for Aruna Chaddha and confront her with Kanda to corroborate their versions.(With inputs from Sanjay Yadav in Gurgaon)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569767", "title": "Thumri as a musical genre may become extinct: Shubha Mudgal", "text": "Music means rhythm and rhythm gives us joy. Music in different genres celebrates various seasons, describes human moods and often lets us define emotions better in tune than words .'Thumri' is one such genre of semi-classical Indian music, the flavour of which has travelled over the centuries. From the royal courts of the Nawabs of Lucknow in the 19th Century to the premises of an auditorium brimming with music lovers on a rainy day in the present; the melodies of Thumri continue to resonate with life. The recently concluded Thumri Festival 2012 witnessed some of the stalwarts of Hindustani Classical music perform and enthrall listeners in the capital city. This proves that even in an era of remixes, the charm of traditional music can never die.Padma Bhushan Girija Devi, Padma Shri Shubha Mudgal and folk singer Malini Awasthi celebrated Thumri as a genre in all its textures and colours, and put together a show of a lifetime. We had an opportunity to discuss Thumri as a music discipline, its relevance and ways to sustain the form with veteran Shubha Mudgal. She shared her perspective on the future of Indian classical music.Excerpts from the interview:How was it performing at the Thumri Festival 2012 in Delhi? How were the response and turnout like?I was delighted to note that despite it being a weekday, and the sudden downpour to add to it that led to traffic jams on the roads, the auditorium was packed with music lovers, and some very eminent musicians in the audience.Thumri as a form of Indian semi-classical music has popularly been perceived as a romantic articulation of a woman's love for Lord Krishna, for others it is devotional. How do you define Thumri?In many ways, thumri positions itself in a cusp. In modern day categorisation of Indian music, it does not find place among genres and styles of popular music. And yet, orthodox tastes label it 'semi-classical' or 'light-classical' hinting sometimes vaguely at its unworthiness for inclusion among the so-called 'higher' and 'classical' arts. The cuspate identity of the thumri and its allied forms include dadra, hori and kajri. Its association with dance and Kathak in particular makes it perhaps the only existing vocal form in the system of Hindustani classical music to have an interdisciplinary identity. Thumri texts, like Khayal and Dhrupad borrow from the anecdotes and 'Leelas' (episodes) surrounding Krishna and Rama. It is also a form that found patronage among the urban elite, but remains in part, rooted to rural repertoire and textual references.Is Thumri enjoyed most during the monsoon season as believed to be?Thumri can be enjoyed in any season and at any time. There are however some monsoon-specific forms like kajri which again is part of thumri-dadra repertoire.You are someone who has explored genres of music from Pop to Classical. Do you think Thumri as a genre is on the decline in today's age of remixes?It is humanly impossible for any one individual to explore 'all genres' of music. I have had the good fortune to learn about a few. There are not many thumri specialists today, and neither is it a form that finds acceptance with electronic media. So in that sense, it is a genre that may soon become rare or even extinct if not given due attention. However, the audience turnout during the Thumri festival would suggest that we have reason to hope for better times.How far would it be correct to call Thumri as a Pop form of Hindustani Classical?Totally incorrect, inaccurate and rather frivolous. And I apologise if my response offends anyone.Your take on the sudden arrival of Music Reality Shows. You were part of a judging panel in giving India its first ever all-girl band VIVA. How has the trend evolved since then? Are reality shows bringing out genuine singers?There is nothing sudden about the arrival of reality shows. Popstars by Channel V goes back to 2001-2002. Their popularity makes for good business, hence, reality shows and award functions epidemic. I think there is so much talent in India that every show brings out potential singers. However, their musical development is possibly never the main mission of these shows, and sadly therefore, we haven't seen too many winners of reality shows emerging as front ranking singers with large career spans. The occasional odd exception might last out only due to personal conviction and dedication.Who has been your inspiration as a singer?I can name no one single source of inspiration. I feel inspired by many great masters and exponents, even those whom I may have never seen perform live. I am grateful to my parents Jaya and Skand Gupt, for their encouragement and unconditional support, and to my gurus who taught me and included me in their extended families. I have been fortunate to have received their guidance, be it the study of Khayal or Thumri.Words of wisdom for aspiring singers...I can only offer them my very best wishes!ipshita.mitra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563474", "title": "Himalayan Expressway jammed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the 10-km Himalayan Expressway, connecting Zirakpur with Parwanoo, is aimed at reducing traffic congestion and also the travel time to reach Shimla by up to 45 minutes, the showers on Sunday caused a longish traffic jam on this stretch, causing inconvenience to commuters.This highway falls in both Haryana and Himachal and the police of these states takes care of the stretches falling under their respective jurisdictions.It being a Sunday coupled with the pleasant weather made us plan a quick trip to Kasauli but our experience turned sour as we got struck in a traffic jam. It's strange, that we faced a jam on a national highway, Karan Dosanjh, a Zirakpur-based entrepreneur, told TOI.Gursatjit Shergill, a student, who was on his way to Dharampur, said, \"It is insufferable if we have to put up with traffic snarls after paying toll tax. The basic highway policing is a farce here. I frequently travel on this stretch but rarely see any cop on this highway. There is nobody to take control in case of an emergency.\"However, police said that this jam was due to the rains and a minor accident.\"Yes, there was a traffic jam due to heavy showers uphill. We were coordinating to ensure smooth flow but there was a minor accident near Parwanoo involving an outstation car, and it aggravated the situation. But the traffic kept moving at a slow pace and gradually the jam was eased,\" said Rakesh Kumar, traffic inspector, Parwanoo.However, Kalka police sub-inspector Chand Singh, who was looking after the traffic on the highway, said that there was no jam on their side of the highway. This highway that was opened for motorists on April 6 this year helps people steer clear of congested Kalka and Pinjore towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15561858", "title": "Amrit Manthan retains number two position on Life OK", "text": "Viewers of Rajan Shahi\"s Amrit Manthan on Life OK has already witnessed enough drama on the show but the makers don't fail to amuse the audiences every single day.And the upcoming episodes of the show promises to provide high end drama as Amrit (Adaa Khan) plans to kill Natasha.The actor of the show Navi Bhanghu (Agam), Ankita Sharma (Natasha) and Adaa Khan (Amrit) recently shot an interesting sequence. Amrit, who dislikes Natasha, has been eyeing a chance to hurt Nimrit.Amrit finally gets an opportunity to fulfill her long desired wish wherein she pushes Nimrit into the swimming pool and leaves her to drown. However, in the nick of time Agam arrives and saves her.Interestingly, this is for the second time that a swimming sequence has been shot wherein the male lead Agam has to save the leading lady. First time it was Amrit this time it was Natasha.Ankita, who plays the role of Natasha says, \"I was drowning and Agam saves me but in real life I know swimming and I in fact gave few tips to Navi off-screen\".Adaa aka Amrit adds, \"It was a good sequence. Surprisingly, Agam somehow always gets to shoot a sequence where he has to save us. But interestingly he doesn't know swimming in real life. I am happy that the show is getting good feedback and the drama on the show is being liked by the audiences.\"Well unusual sequences always add to the drama of soaps. With 'Amrit Manthan ' touching 1.5 TRP Producer Rajan Shahi, surely has to sustain the drama to remain on the number two position on the channel.Now that 'Amrit Manthan' has ousted 'Saubhagyavati Bhav ' from the number two position the makers of 'Saubhagyavati Bhav ' will surely be gearing up for some interesting drama to bounce back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15563755", "title": "Tribal woman gangraped in Malda", "text": "MALDA: A 40-year-old tribal woman was allegedly raped by three miscreants on Saturday afternoon while she was sowing seeds in a field. The victim, a resident of a Chanchal village police station, could only lodge a complaint on Sunday afternoon as police officials were 'confused' over the jurisdiction.A relative of the victim said she had gone to village Samia Koch on Saturday along with other workers. \"As she was working alone in a corner of the field, the co-workers couldn't notice when the miscreants entered the field, grabbed the victim from behind, gagged her and took her to the pump room. They took turns to rape her and fled from the spot,\" said the relative.When the victim went to lodge a complaint with Chanchal police, officers reportedly directed her to lodge the complaint with Harishchandrapur police. refused to take a complaint citing that the area of rape was under Harishchandrapur police station. After returning home, the victim approached the head of the society, who took her to the Chanchal police station. But the officials there refused to take her complaint citing that the area, where it had happened, falls under the jurisdiction of Harishchandrapur police station. The victim, finally, lodged a complaint against some unknown youths with the Harishchandrapur police station on Sunday afternoon.Meanwhile, SP Jayant Pal also swung into the action and ordered the officials of Chanchal police station to assist their counterparts in Harishchandrapur in the probe.SP Jayanta Pal said: \"We received a complaint of gang-rape. The probe has begun. We hope to arrest the culprits soon, though the victim could not recognize any of them.\"A medical test in a local hospital has also proved rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564575", "title": "10 kids go missing daily, but cops say situation better", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 10 children go missing every day in the capital, according to a government website. Across the city, over 2,200 children had gone missing between January 1 and August 16 this year. Of them, 930 are yet to be traced.And Delhi is not alone. On Thursday, the Supreme Court sent notices to the central and state governments on the action taken in tracing 55,000 children missing across the country. In Delhi, two districts, Outer and Southeast, lead the pack. According to the zonal integrated police network (zipnet.in) for eight northern states, while 145 children are still missing from Outer district, 128 are yet to be traced in Southeast district, with two police stations, Sangam Vihar in Southeast district and Sultanpuri in Outer Delhi, contributing to the high figures.Delhi Police, however, claim the situation is better than previous years. \"After setting up a special cell following an HC order, we now trace more children and manage to restore most of them to their parents.\"The NGOs working in this sector, however, disagree. They say police inaction has even led some parents to announce rewards on their own. For example, a reward of Rs 51,000 has been announced by the parents of Irfan (10), Varsha (8), Bhuria (9), Kajal (8) and Muskaan (3) \u2014 all residents of areas under Aman Vihar police station that has 99 such cases in the past two years.\"Cops tend to put the onus on parents for finding their missing kids. The mentality at the top has changed but it's yet to percolate downwards,\" said a former member of the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights on the condition of anonymity.Cops blame the socio-economic conditions. \"About 70% of the people residing here are labourers who go for work leaving their children behind. We have tied up with four NGOs to set up creches. We hope to make a beginning by providing a safe zone where people can leave their children,\" said an officer from Outer district from where most children go missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563385", "title": "Child labour: No action against hotel owner so far", "text": "INDORE: Two among the four children who sustained burn injuries when a leaking LPG cylinder caught fire at a hotel in Bombay Bazaar area on Saturday, fall in the category of child labours. The children were employed in the hotel and were working at the hotel when the fire broke out. However, the labour department has made no move to take action against the owner of the hotel so far.Aleem, 10-year-old son of Mazid, was injured in the fire. His mother Sajida Bi said that Aleem had started working at the shop barely three days ago for Rs 110 per day. Doctors say he has sustained 22% burn injuries.Another boy Saddam is an orphan. He was admitted to the hospital for burn injuries. Over 24-hours after the incident, he is still waiting for arrival of someone from his family. \"My uncle and aunt live in Khajarana. I wonder if they have even been informed about the incident. That's why neither of them is here so far,\" said the 14-year-old said who was working with the same wage as that of Aleem.Another boy Saleem was paid Rs 170 per day for working in the hotel. The fourth victim Salim Seikh was taken to a private hospital by his parents. He sustained 47% burn injuries.Though the owner of the hotel has been booked under the Juvenile Justice Act for employing minors below 18 years of age, the labour department is yet to take any action.When assitant labour commissioner J S Uddey was contacted, he said that the department will enquire the incident in detail on Tuesday and will take proper action against the accused thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563394", "title": "Narmada to quench thirst of entire Malwa", "text": "INDORE: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday said that water from Narmada will be supplied to all parts of Malwa region. It will be used for household, agricultural and industrial purposes. Presently, only Indore city gets water from Narmada in the region.Chouhan was in the city to participate in a bike rally organized by Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha (BJYM).\"Government is preparing a proposal for supplying water from Narmada to all parts of Malwa. As per the project, Narmada water will irrigate 8 lakh hectare farm land in the region. In addition to this, drinking water will be provided to every household. Industries in the region too will get the water,\" said Chouhan. He said that adequate flow of fund will be earmarked for completion of the project.Chouhan said that the state government will start a campaign with public-private partnership (PPP) to make Narmada pollution-free. \"It is the responsibility of the state government as well as the people of the state to maintain sanctity of the Narmada river. The campaign will start from Devuthan Ekadas from Amarkantak,\" said Chouhan.A large number of youngsters had gathered to participate in the bike rally. Addressing the rally, Chouhan said that his government is organizing an investors' meet in October in the city to motivate the sector to create large number of jobs in the state. \"State government is ready to facilitate setting up of industries. The only condition is that, local people should be given jobs in the industries,\" said Chouhan.Painting a future picture of the state, Chouhan said that 250 ITI centres will come up in next year. \"The centres will be in addition to the 100 ITI centres already set up by the government. With the establishment of the new centres, clusters of every 5 to 10 village will have an ITI centre,\" he said.Chouhan said that the state government was offering interest-free educational loans to students for pursuing engineering and medical studies. \"Now big institutions of the country have expressed their willingness to set up there institute in state. Many acclaimed institutes are eager to start their operation in the state. Along with developing Indore as an industrial and a commercial centre, government is also focusing to develop it as an educational hub,\" Chouhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568544", "title": "Working mums healthier than stay-at-home peers", "text": "Work can give mothers more benefits than just a paycheck - good health.Moms who work full time are healthier at age 40 than stay-at-home moms, moms who work part time, or moms who have some work history, but are repeatedly unemployed, according to a new research from University of Akron Assistant Sociology Professor Adrianne Frech.Frech and co-author Sarah Damaske of Pennsylvania State University examined longitudinal data from 2,540 women who became mothers between 1978 and 1995.Accounting for pre-pregnancy employment, race/ethnicity, cognitive ability, single motherhood, prior health conditions and age at first birth, the research revealed that the choices women make early in their professional careers can affect their health later in life.Women who return full time to the workforce shortly after having children report better mental and physical health, i.e. greater mobility, more energy, less depression , etc. at age 40.\"Work is good for your health, both mentally and physically. It gives women a sense of purpose, self-efficacy, control and autonomy. They have a place where they are an expert on something, and they're paid a wage,\" said Frech.Rather than fuelling the \"Mommy Wars\" debate, which pits stay-at-home moms against working moms, Frech believes that a recently identified group \u2014 she calls this group \"persistently unemployed\" \u2014 deserves further attention, as they appear to be the least healthy at age 40.These women are in and out of the workforce, often not by choice, and experience the highs and lows of finding rewarding work only to lose it and start the cycle again.According to Frech, working full time has myriad benefits, while part-time work offers lower pay, poor chances of promotion, less job security and fewer benefits.Mothers who stay at home may face financial dependence and greater social isolation. Persistent unemployment is a health risk for women, as stress from work instability can cause physical health problems.Frech advises young women to get an education and build a work history before having a first child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563564", "title": "Help goes on theft spree, recruiter held", "text": "MUMBAI: A recruitment agency owner was arrested after a caretaker, appointed through the agency, at a businesswoman's house fled away with a gold chain worth Rs 51,000.After working for four days at Sushma Khemka's (56) house at Hiranandani Gardens, the caretaker, who had identified himself as Ganesh Landge, fled with the gold chain belonging to her husband, Vijay Khemka (61) recently.The Powai police arrested Bimal Mehta, who runs the agency, Human Helping Hands, in Lower Parel.According to the police, antecedents and certificates of all the recruits placed through Mehta, who is a school dropout, had never been verified.\"The accused was appointed on July 10 to take care of my husband, who is a dementia patient, when I am away for business work. On July 16, he removed my husband's gold chain and fled away, Khemka said in her complaint.\"The copies of pan card and driving licence submitted by the accused were stolen. It belonged to one Tushar Landge, who is employed at APMC market. The accused had stolen them during his brief stay with Landge, with a different identity, Jaysingh Rajput,\" said Powai police inspector Yaqoob Mulla. Investigations have revealed that the accused had submitted the same fake documents to apply at several other agencies in the city over the last two yearsAccording to Mulla, the accused is wanted in several other theft cases as well. \"In all the cases, the accused would use the fake documents to get a job and then he would flee with valuables within three to four days of joining work,\" he said.Police have blamed the recruiting agency for not verifying the accused's antecedents and documents. \"Shockingly, agencies are not aware of the procedures to be followed by them. Mehta does not own a house in Mumbai, stays in a PG accommodation and does not have verified antecedents, yet he possesses a pan card and runs an agency without registration. He came to Mumbai a few years ago,\" said Mulla.In another case, a lawyer has lodged a complaint with the Bandra police against a caretaker who worked with him for three days before fleeing with a laptop last month. \"The accused had applied through Royal Services in Bandra. The agency owner, Abdul Karim, is a school dropout and claimed that he had set up the business eight months ago, said the police. Karim said he too had lodged a complaint against the accused.In the recent Wadala murder case, the security guard, who allegedly killed a lawyer, Pallavi Purkayastha, in her flat had also used fake documents to get the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bicholim/keri", "code": "15563285", "title": "Pollutants land in food in Navelim,Amona", "text": "BICHOLIM/KERI: Black powdery dust emanating from Sesa Goa's pig iron plant at Amona filled the air for most part of Saturday and entered houses in a radius of 1.5km, largely in Navelim and partly in Amona villages in Bicholim taluka.Villagers alleged that the continuous deposition of particulate matter, stained their belongings and contaminated food and water.Saturday's pollution sparked off anger, as residents in Durigwada, Bharoniwada, Pelwada, Katarwada in Navelim and some areas of Amona felt the brunt of the pollution.\"Thick black layers of powder are polluting our food and water. In the last couple of days we haven't been able to eat or drink anything that is not polluted,\" 45-year-old Durigwada resident Kazal Kamlakant Gawas said.The thick particulate matter filled the air and not only fell on houses, vehicles and vegetation, but entered houses and contaminated food. The aerial pollution commenced early Saturday and continued till late evening triggering health fears.\"Our house is coated with black powder and residents' peace of mind has been disturbed due to the air and noise pollution,\" 50-year-old Pradeep Navelkar said.When the aerial pollution did not stop on Saturday afternoon, agitated villagers informed Navelim sarpanch Gopinath Gauns, who held discussions with Sesa Goa officials on the matter.The officials inspected the site and after verifying the villagers allegations, assured them that they would solve the problem.Sesa pig iron plant associate-general manager for safety Mahesh Mahajan, when contacted said, \"We have initiated steps to minimize the problems and the situation is coming under control.\"Gauns also called local MLA Pramod Sawant and briefed him about it. Sources said Sawant instructed villagers to lodge a complaint with Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) and assured villagers that he would look into the matter.Speaking to TOI, Gauns said, \"Villagers have brought to my notice that they could not eat or drink anything as it is polluted by thick black powder which is entering their houses. We are apprehensive as it is polluting our food, water and air.\"Sawant said, \"Villagers are affected by pollution from the plant, as the company appears not to have taken adequate precautions.\" GSPCB has been asked to inspect the area and prepare a report with recommendations for curbing further pollution, he added. Villagers said the pollution on Sunday appeared less.A section of the villagers have set a deadline of Wednesday, August 22, for the company to solve the problem. \"We don't want this plant in our villager as it is spoiling our ecology and environment. If the problem is not solved by August 22, we will hold protests to seek justice for our villagers,\" Gauns said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15564760", "title": "Forester's docu film on tribal art earns recognition at international film fest", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: His proximity to the folk artists of tribal community, as a forest officer, unknowingly got him engaged in the promotion of the tribal folk paintings but his zeal to preserve one of the primitive art forms propelled him to document the glorious history of the otherwise dying art.The documentary titled \"Vision through Images\" which also speaks in details about the measures to be taken to guard the future of these tribal folk paintings, has earned him recognition at the international platform. \"I am glad on receiving this honour but this award is also recognition of all the hardships the tribal folk artists are confronting in the contemporary times,\" said the conservator of forests, afforestation circle, Kolhan, Sanjeev Kumar , IFS, after his documentary was selected for the special jury award in the AFFMA Film International Documentary and Short Film Festival, 2012.This short film, directed by the talented Mithun Parmanik, is a follow up of the documentary on the revival of ancient traditional folk painters and their artworks. The film has depicted the work of folk artists from different parts of the state i.e. Jadopatia paintings of Dumka, Wall paintings (Shorai and Khovar) of Hazaribagh and Pytkar paintings of Amadubi, Singhbhum. The film also covers the work of Patachitra artists of Midnapore, Bengal, where the ancestor of Chitrakar families and the traditions of Amadubi and Dhumka belong to.The 40-minute-documentary, shooting of which was largely done at authentic locations, gives an insight into the folk paintings which are on the verge of extinction, artists' lives and their struggle to save their dying art. The film has explored the village, the background and stylist differences of this artistic genre, its repertoire and painting techniques.\"As I have said earlier the documentary is a commentary on the origin of the folk paintings, its growth and struggle to keep with the contemporary times,\" said Kumar whose stint as divisional forest officer in Dhanbad, a few years ago, got him close to the tribal folk artists.\"The conceptual stylization and audio-visual treatment of the film have three different approaches, which are thematic, technical and aesthetic, the three purposefully interacting with one another,\" said Kumar who has earned two successive Livelihood awards from state industry department in 2009 and 2010 for the promotion of the art of developing Tasar silk among the tribal people. The award will be given to the documentary producing team at a glittering function in Kerala in the first week of September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564554", "title": "Muslims condemn Pak, but call for introspection", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Union government stating that elements inside Pakistan uploaded morphed, incendiary videos and images of atrocities on Muslims in Myanmar and Assam on the internet with the aim of creating communal frenzy in India, Muslim leaders behind the August 11 protest rally at Azad Maidan in Mumbai, which turned violent, said that Pakistan should be declared a \"terrorist state\" for its latest intransigence.\"After the 26/11 attacks, we'd requested the United Nations to declare Pakistan a terrorist state. If it really doctored the videos and uploaded them on blogs, we reiterate our demand,\" said Saeed Noorie, general secretary, Raza Academy, one of the organizers of the rally.Maulana Moin Ashraf, who led peace prayers during the rally, said it wasn't the first time that Pakistan was caught in such \"criminal\" act. \"Mausoleums of Sufi saints in Pakistan have been bombed and clerics targeted. It engineered 26/11 and now seems to have doctored images which incited Muslims in India. The government should deal with Pakistan firmly,\" said Ashraf, who heads Madrassa Qadriya Ashrafia in Mumbai.Majlis-e-Ittehad-ul Muslimeen leader and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi said, \"Why this perception that Muslims in India always look to or are swayed by Pakistan? To hell with Pakistan. A Muslim in India has the right to be angry and protest as much as anybody else. Will the home secretary tell us what the cyber cells of various police forces in the country or the IB were doing when Pakistan sent bulk messages to India?\" Owaisi said.He said that the government must nevertheless answer why lakhs of Indian Muslim riot victims in Assam are being called Bangladeshis.In New Delhi, Mahmood Madani, general secretary, Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind, echoed the same sentiment.Patron of the Lucknow unit of Jamiat-Ulama-i-Hind Maulana Jahangir Aleem Qasmi was incredulous. \"Our government can blame Pakistan for a bicycle puncture,\" he said. \"I don't mind saying let Pakistan go to hell. But by blaming Pakistan, we are overlooking the real cause of trouble: organizations that work to strain the traditional ties between Hindus and Muslims.\"Zafarul Islam Khan, president of All India Muslim Majlis-e-Mushawarat, said, \"The photographs or bulk messages may have originated from Pakistan but the local culprits who circulated them should be identified and arrested. The police know who the culprits are but they won't arrest them due to in-built bias.\"(With inputs from Mumbai, New Delhi, Lucknow, Hyderabad and Bangalore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565426", "title": "Consultant hired to promote tourism", "text": "PATNA: The ministry of tourism, Government of India, has appointed a national-level consultancy firm, M/s Jones Long Lasale, to prepare detailed project reports for the schemes to be taken up in Bihar for tourism promotion. The consultant would also give suggestions for developing new religious circuits.Bihar government has already taken up steps to develop various religious circuits, including Ramayan circuit. Places associated with the Ramayana period would be developed into a tourist circuit on the lines of Buddhist circuit, said an official.Recently, the state government has identified several places falling under the Ramayan circuit for developing tourist amenities there in a phased manner for the overall development of the circuit.At present, the state government has sanctioned schemes for developing Janakisthan, Punaura and Haleshwarsthan at Sitamarhi, Girijasthan and Phulhar at Madhubani, Ahilyasthan and Kamtaul at Darbhanga, and Ram Rekha ghat at Buxar.An official said the consultant is likely to provide holistic approach for the overall development of these places associated with Ramayan circuit. Basic infrastructure like hotels, motels and better transportation facilities would be properly developed in a phased manner.Similarly, in order to develop Sufi circuit, the government has also planned to include other lesser-known places associated with sufis. Recently, the state government decided to include Arwal district under the Sufi circuit.To promote Sufi circuit, the government has already started an annual festival at Kako in Jehanabad district. Last year, noted Sufi singer Kavita Seth had performed at the remote area of erstwhile Naxalite-infested Jehanabad district. This time also, the department of tourism has decided to organize Sufi Mahotsava at Kako on September 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15563703", "title": "Rains bring bladder problems to many", "text": "LUDHIANA: The changed weather conditions during monsoon has led to a spurt in Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) cases. Doctors say the increase during the rains has been as much as 50%. They feel lack of proper hygiene in women and late treatment of urinary problems by elderly and children is resulting in high incidence of UTI.Dr Baldev Singh Aulakh, the head of department of urology and transplant surgery at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, said, \"UTI is a bacterial infection that affects any part of the urinary tract. There are many reasons for it including stones, prostrate problem and enlargement or congenital blockage of kidneys. Of the 30 patients I see on an average in a day, 15 have UTI infections. However, of these 15 cases, about 80% are women.\"He reasons, \"Women are more prone to UTIs than men because in women the urethra is much shorter and closer to the anus than in males, and they lack the bacteriostatic properties of prostatic secretions. This allows the bacteria to easily enter the urinary tract and their survival is also high, which results in high incidence of UTI among them.\"According to doctors, the symptoms of infection include, cloudy or bloody urine, which may have a foul or strong odour, low fever, pain or burning with urination, cramping in the lower abdomen, strong need to urinate often. Dr Vikas Kumar, an associate consultant in urology at SPS Apollo Hospital, added, \"Out of the 40 patients who visit our department, 15 to 20 are diagnosed with UTI. Lack of personal cleanliness is one of the major causes of UTI both in females and males.\"However, in elderly people, especially men, the infections are mainly caused because of delay in treatment of prostate and enlargement or congenital blockage of kidneys. In children also, UTI happens because of delay in getting treated for urinary tract problems, including obstruction in urinary tract.\" He said, \"There has been an upward trend in UTI cases in the last few years in city.\"Dr Kim Mannen, the head of department of urology at Christian Medical College and Hospital, said, a??If we see 50 cases a day, 50% end up being UTI. There has been roughly 20% increase in the number of patients with UTI in the past few years a?? the increase is witnessed more in women after first pregnancy and in the stages after that.a??", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15562891", "title": "33rd death anniversary of VP Naik held in Pusad", "text": "YAVATMAL: The 33rd death anniversary of former chief minister late Vasantrao Naik has been organised at the Late Sudhakarrao Naik auditorium of Babasaheb Naik Engineering College at Pusad on Saturday under the aegis of Vasantrao Naik Smruti Pratisthan.The speaker of Maharashtra State Legislative Assembly Dilip Walse Patil presided over the function while minister for food and drug administration Manoharrao Naik, PKV vice-chancellor Dr. Ravindra Dani and senior journalist Madhukar Bhave were chief guests.In his presidential address, Walse Patil paid rich tribute to both Late VP Naik and Late Sudhakarrao Naik. and highlighted the invaluable contributions towards the uplift of farmers and development of agriculture and water conservation made by them during their chief ministership.\"We have decided to celebrate the birth centenary of late Vasantro Naik on the line of the Yeshwantrao Chavan's birth centenary celebrations organized across the State,\" said Walse Patil.Patil said that the Central government has sanctioned Rs. 3000 crore for water conservation projects in Vidarbha at the behest of the Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar.Lauding the efforts of the Vasantrao Naik Memorial Trust to keep alive the ideology of the originator of green revolution in the state, Patil said that Vasantrao Naik had launched the Employment Guarantee Scheme in 1972, Sudhakarrao Naik had established a new ministry for water conservation in 1992 and the present minister Manoharrao Naik has banned gutkha in 2012 in the state. Terming these to be the milestones in the history of progressive Maharashtra, he urged the gathering to continue with their efforts to create mass awareness about the importance of agriculture and water conservation.At the function, the Vasantrao Krushi Gaurav Puraskar was presented to a select group of progressive farmers, agricultural scientists, agriculture writers and journalists by Dilip Walse Patil.The award winners of the year are: Arvind Uddhavrao Bende (Rathchandna-Yavatmal), Kuldeep Ramrao Raut (Sawargaon-Washim), Sikandar Kaduba Jadhav (Jalgaon Feran-Aurangbad), Dnyaneshwar Nivruti Bodke (Maan-Pune), Mandatai Babasaheb Chavan (Deolali Pravara-Ahmadnagar), all progressive farmers, agri scientist Dr Ashok Sampatrao Jadhav of Parbhani (Marathawada Agriculture University), Dr. Vilas Kharche of PKV (Akola), editor of Shetimitra magazine Pramod Arun Patil (Barshi-Solapur) and the Krushi Mitra Puraskar for Sudhir Ramrao Jagtap (Amravati).The winners of various awards were felicitated by presenting them with shawl, coconut and memento at the hands of Dilip Walse Patil.Patil also released a souvenir titled Mrudgandh on the occasion.The chairman of the Prathisthan Deepak Asegaonkar has made the introductory remarks while Dr. Uttam Rudrawar and Madhuri Gulhane have jointly compered the programme.Prominent among others present on the occasion include MLAs Vijay Khadse, Prakash Dahake and Sandeep Bajoria, Maharashtra Cotton Federation Chairman Dr. N.P. Hirani, ZP President Pravin Deshmukh, Vice President Yayati Naik, Ex MP Sadashivrao Thakre, Ex. MLAs Vijay Patil Chondikar, Annasaheb Parvekar, Prakash Patil Deosarkar, and Anantrao Deosarkar, NCP District President Suresh Lonkar, Adv. Nilay Naik, Raj Jai Naik and farmers and citizens from the region. (EOM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15569778", "title": "Northeasterners' exodus: Govt orders blocking of more than 250 websites", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up its drive against \"erring\" portals, government has ordered blocking of more than 250 websites in which morphed images and videos were uploaded to incite Muslims leading to exodus of people belonging to the northeast from Karnataka and some other states.Home ministry officials said more than 130 websites have been blocked till now while the rest will be blocked shortly.\"We are planning to block some more sites,\" an official said.Government is also contemplating to take up the CERT-In (Computer Emergency Response Team-India) findings at the international forum as it has turned out to be the biggest instance of cyber warfare on India in recent times.A Pakistan-based hardline group is suspected to have been involved in doctoring images and spreading them across social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and You Tube to incite Muslims and create scare among people of northeastern region living across India.Most of the online content started getting posted from July 13 and fake profiles were created for spreading morphed pictures, according to a home ministry report prepared in the wake of mass exodus of people belonging to the north east from Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Mumbai following rumours about possible attack on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15565056", "title": "Nanda meets MSU VC over NE issue", "text": "VADODARA: Principal chief secretary (home) S K Nanda met M S University vice-chancellor Yogesh Singh and city police commissioner Satish Sharma to take stock of the situation in the wake of the reports of exodus of residents of North-Eastern states from other parts of the country. He asked the officials to take necessary steps to ensure that such a situation did not happen in the city.Nanda was briefed about the series of steps taken by the police and the university to build confidence amongst the residents from the North-East, who were staying in the city. Nanda asked the officials to ensure that the students and those working in the city felt safe and were reached out to. tnnThe university, meanwhile, held a meeting with the students from the North-East as well as Tibet studying there. Nearly 350 students attended the meeting. Senior police officials, deans of various faculties and wardens were present besides Singh at the meeting held at the latter's official residence.University officer on special duty (registrar) Dr Amit Dholakia said the students were asked to avoid any panic and rumours. He said the students also said that they had no problems and felt safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557359", "title": "I\u2019d like to be the best father in the universe: Vivek", "text": "As parents-to-be Vivek and Priyanka prepare to welcome the next generation of Oberois in 2013, the actor tells us he wants to be the kind of dad that his father Suresh Oberoi has been to himHow and when did you find out? My wife and I were in Singapore and as I was saying bye to her at the airport while I took off my Jaipur shoot, I asked her to join me. But she said she had work, my parents and the house to take care of; and so, returned to Mumbai. Later, when she found out, she called me. Barely four days into my schedule at Jaipur and I'm like 'I have to see you'. I spoke to director Soham Shah and luckily, the schedule opened up for two days. I rushed back. It was the most incredible feeling I've ever had. I'm crazy about kids. I've been the designated babysitter for all my friends. I've been the most popular chachu and mama, and everybody's always been talking about me getting married and having children. Now that it's happening, it feels incredible.And yet you managed to keep this news under wraps? It's traditional to keep it under wraps for the first trimester. I would have screamed from the rooftops but you have to respect tradition. The family wanted us to wait.You've often said that Priyanka brought stability into your life. How do we see you changing with the baby coming? I'm already trying to make sure I'm free around February next year \u2014 to be there for my wife and the baby. This has been a really hectic year for me. I was talking with Baba bhai ( Sanjay Dutt ).... He's such a passionate dad. He's been telling me since Zilla Ghaziabad, 'Bro, you got to have babies. This is how life changes'. The passion with which he talks about his twins is adorable. He's actually been giving me tips and threats for a while now saying, 'Priyanka is my sister now. If there's a tear in her eye, you are in trouble'. For me, becoming a father is a natural progression. I've already worn the brotherly, fatherly mantle with the Vrindavan schools, which we started to help the children there. That's part of my life. This is a more personal step in the same direction.At one point, you were pretty outspoken. You seem to have mellowed down quite a bit now... That's the thing. The minute you get married, you stop being outspoken. Marriage teaches you how to shut up. Jokes apart, marriage makes you understand that there's someone who is so high priority for you and when you are besotted with them, you just want to keep creating memories together. That's what we do - we both love deep sea diving, we love the environment, forest treks, walks, etc, and that's how we spend time together as a couple.You almost sound like the pretty ideal guy... or is that just an impression you've created? I'm far from perfect. Ask my wife. I think I'm an okay guy. I'd like to be the best husband in the world, and I'd definitely like to be the best father in the universe.Is fatherhood a responsibility, as much as it is a new phase of your life? It's not a responsibility in a cliched way. I'd like to be a father but I'd also like to be a friend, like my dad has been for me. He's been a guide, mentor and buddy. I never hid anything from him. I've always been able to go to him and say everything, especially the major screwups. The big mistakes and the first person I told was my dad. And he'd always say let's sort it out. We're here. He's been so non-judgmental. I never felt humiliated or embarrassed at home when I made a mistake outside. I may have made monumental mess-ups career-wise, or gone through really rough patches, but when I came home, it was a sanctuary. There was no judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564533", "title": "Camp teaches disabled to tee off", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Olympics may have just ended but the organizers of a five-day golf camp, which started on Thursday, have already set their eyes on training promising differently-abled players for the 2016 Rio Games.What makes this camp a first of its kind is that the participants included an equal number of abled and differently-abled youngsters.The Golf For All Foundation (GFAF) conducted the camp at Delhi Golf Club for 50 children \u2014 between the ages of 14 and 20 \u2014 in an attempt to promote inclusion of people with disability, and to make golf more accessible as a sport. From Delhi, GFAF plans to take the camp to Chandigarh, Lucknow, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, and Pune as well, and select and train promising differently-abled children.\"I want to build a team and take this further. The kids have immense potential, and are very enthusiastic about playing more of the sport,\" says Jasjit Singh, coach and managing trustee, GFAF. Next year, they want to organize an Indian Open for the disabled where they will play inclusively on the first day, and between themselves on the other days.The camp worked on a buddy system, so one abled person was paired up with a differently-abled one. The differently-abled children included those with mental disabilities like autism and Downs Syndrome, as well as those facing physical challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15565052", "title": "Class IX student raped, accused still at large", "text": "BATHINDA: Four days after the rape of a minor girl at Mour Kalan, 20km from here, the accused youths, who had fled after the crime, are still at large.According to police, a class IX student was raped by Santu Singh, 22, and his cousin Kala Singh, 28, on August 16, after abducting her from her home.Police said the 15-year-old girl's father was totally drunk and had slept early on Thursday night, while her mother had left the home that night following a fight with the father over his drunken ways. Around 11.30pm, the duo came to the girl's house and knocked at the door. When the girl opened the door, thinking her mother had returned, the youth caught hold of her and took her on a bike to an abandoned house a few kilometres away, where they raped her. They threatened her with dire consequences if she reported the matter to police. They fled on their bike after leaving her back at the village.The victim narrated the incident to her parents, who took her to the civil hospital at Mour on August 17 and the doctors referred the matter to the civil hospital in Bathinda for thorough medical examination. The hospital also informed the police about the incident and a case was registered against the duo.\"Families of both the victim and accused are known to each other,\" said investigating officer Khoja Singh. He added that the police had raided a few places to nab the youth and that they have also failed to trace the bike till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567475", "title": "What makes Eid special for TV actors!", "text": "As the world celebrates the auspicious occasion of Eid today, TV actors too partake in the celebrations that they hold dear to their heart. For most, it's spending time with families that's important apart for the lavish spreads and the Eidi they receive/give.Says Adaa Khan, \"This Eid is very special for me as my 2 year old nephew is coming down from Dubai! This is my first Eid with him so I am thrilled! I will pray namaz , go to work and by lunchtime, I'll leave work to go home and spend time with my family. I will also be giving Eidi to all my cousins\". She laughs and adds, \"I will however not be receiving any Eidi as I'm all grown up and have started working now\".For Arif Zakaria, \"Eid is the most celebratory, happy and cherished festival of Muslims in general and it holds a special place for him too\". \"Eid comes at the end of 30 days of fasting which is sweet penance every Muslim goes through in the process of cleansing his body and mind. Abstaining of food is the obvious, but you also abstain from negative thoughts, bad deeds and uncharitable acts. Throughout the month, with these vigorous physical and mental fasts a Muslim is supposed to cleanse himself and be born anew! For the uninitiated this is akin to vipassana . It is also family time where Muslims consume the sheer khurma delicacy and reflect on the past month and redeem the future. Some watch a Salman Khan movie too. He too is re born every Eid!\"Rukhsar usually spends Eid with her family. \"In the day, I meet my elders and we pray. In the evening, we call close friends for dinner and these dinners last for two-three days\". Also sharing, \"I get lots of Eidi from my husband, father in law and mother in law\". Laughingly adding, \"Thankfully I have to give Eidi only to my sister in-law as she is the youngest in the family\".Actor Eijaz Khan prays with his dad and brother in the morning. Says Eijaz, \"I'm not celebrating much this time as my grandma passed away recently. I will take sheer khurma for my friends on Eid otherwise it will be a quite festival for me\".Ace choreographer Salman Yusuff Khan says, \"I spend Eid with my family and close friends. I would never miss this for anything. In fact I have to finish perfecting two acts in two days this week. I haven't slept in the entire two days as I'm rehearsing day and night. I am looking forward to getting Eidi and eating my favourite sweets as well\".With a hectic shooting schedule, actor Mohammad Nazim will spend a quite Eid in Mumbai as he is shooting for his show. But this does not dampen his spirit, \"I do have some special plans with my friends in the industry and some from outside. We will go for a nice dinner after I finish shooting. Last year I went to my home town in Punjab for Eid, so this year I am missing it a lot. I feel during the festive season we should all celebrate with our families because this is the time when the whole family comes together and exchanges wishes. Even our extended family members come to our place to celebrate. During Eid, the one thing I always look forward to is the food with sewai and shahi korma are my favourite\".Anas Rashid, who has been keeping unwell as he's down with Typhoid, misses his home on this special occasion. \"I will do my namaz and then go to work. It is better that way as my whole family is Punjab and I miss them terribly.\"Wishing each and every one Eid Mubarak!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15568445", "title": "Indian athletes lack hard work and commitment: Sriram", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sriram Singh's feat of achieving the seventh position in the men's 800 metres at the 1976 Montreal Olympics is one of the greatest accomplishments in India athletics history -- and one which has not received the publicity and acclaim that it deserves.Sriram set the pace -- like Milkha Singh did at Rome in 1960 in the 400m -- and led the pack till the 600m mark, before Cuba's Alberto Juanterano burst forth to clinch the gold medal in world record time. Still, Sriram's timing of 1:45.77 was a major achievement and is still the India national record today -- 36 years after it was established.\"Juanterano hugged me after the race,\" the self-effacing and soft-spoken Sriram said on the sidelines of the Arjuna awards function in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. \"He told me, 'because you set such a scorching pace, I could set the record.'\"Sriram Singh, who participated in three Olympics -- Munich '72, Montreal ad Moscow in 1980 --was awarded both the Arjuna and Padma Shri.A captain in the Rajputana Rifles, Sriram retired in 1988 and then became the SAI's athletics coach. He is a shy and self-effacing man who rests lightly on his laurels. He bemoans the lack of achievement in middle and long distance running by today's Indian athletes.\"They have talent and facilities -- and incentives. What they lack is hard work and commitment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567750", "title": "Dhama Verma to act in a film with Konkana", "text": "One of the very talented actor in Bhojpuri cinema and the one who played the role of 'Sudama' in this year's biggest hit film 'Jaan Tere Naam', Dhama Verma is now going to show his talent in Bengali films once again. Dhama Verma has worked in more than two dozen Bhojpuri films and many serials.Dhama Verma is more than happy that a noted filmmaker like Gautam Ghosh called him and had full faith in his capabilities to do the role of an informer in his film based on maoist background. Now Dhama Verma will be seen in the films with stars like Konkana Sen, Priyanshu Chatterjee and Dhitriman Chatterjee.Year ago Dhama had started his film career with a Bangla film 'Patang' which had stars like Shabana Azmi, Om Puri, Mohan Agase and Shatrughan Sinha and was able to make his presence felt and leave an impression on the audience.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15563984", "title": "Students to be sensitised on nurturing birds", "text": "PUNE: To bring back the birds affected by their loss of habitat to the city, an awareness campaign in schools and colleges has been taken up from August 23 to 27. As part of the initiative, 'Hira-Nivara', artificial bird nests will be hung on trees, bird feeders will be provided, and trees will be planted in the campuses of the education institutes during the drive. There will also be a presentation on artificial bird nesting, and habitat loss and how to protect them. The initiative has been taken up by the Encore Group, environmentalist Vishwajeet Naik and Darode-Jog Properties.The campaign will be taken up in the SNDT Girls College on Karve Road on August 23, Ramanbaug High School in Narayan Peth on August 24, the Ness Wadia College near Mangaldas Road on August 25 and Nivara Old Age Home in Navi Peth on August 27.Addressing a news conference on Friday, Vishwajeet Naik said wooden and plastic oil cans are used to build artificial nests, which will be hung on trees in the campus of these school and colleges. Total 10 to 15 flowering and fruiting tree species have been selected for plantation to attract birds and insects. They includes Mulberry tree, Silk Cotton, Flame of the Forest, Drumstick, Jamun, bamboo, among others. All these native saplings will be provided by Devrai Nursery on Theur-Solapur Road.Bird feeders will also be kept in the campus which the birds can use for drinking as well as water bath. Each institute will get 50 artificial nests, around 25 saplings and one water feeder.He said, \"I will give a presentation on artificial nests, how to prepare them, the importance of such nests in cities, the reasons for birds losing their habitat and how we can protect and bring back birds in cities. For the first time, we are going to school and colleges. These artificial nests will be in a secure place inside the campus and students will be able to observe them.\"Naik has kept 200 artificial bird nests in his garden and the bird occupancy is almost 70%. Recycled boxes of plastic oil cans or wooden boxes are used as artificial bird nests. Birds like magpie, robin, mynah, parakeet, hornbill, forest owlet have occupied these boxes and are breeding too, he said.\"Birds are losing their habitat due to tree felling. Planting new trees will take 20-30 years. We are not spoiling their natural instincts by placing artificial nest. They need a secure place for nests and breeding,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15564391", "title": "Karnatak University controversy: Minister remains non-committal", "text": "DHARWAD: The hopes of the people in Karnatak University in Dharwad that higher education minister C T Ravi's visit to the campus on Sunday would solve their long standing problems and that the minister would make announcement regarding fulfillment of some of their demands were belied as the minister remained non-committal on the issues raised.This was Ravi's maiden visit to Karnatak University after assuming charge as minister for higher education. Ravi arrived on Sunday morning and visited the hostels in the campus and also the DNA Research Centre in the department of Genetic Studies and later had a brief interactive session with the teachers and other employees.Everyone expected that the minister would solve the issue of appointment of registrar (evaluation) which had triggered a controversy and had shown the prestigious university in poor light.However, Ravi chose not to speak anything in public and sought to be cautious by saying that he would discuss the matter with the chief minister and legal experts regarding the provisions of the Karnatak State Universities Act 2000 and come out with a solution within a week.It may be recalled that the state government had appointed J S Bhat as registrar (evaluation) on August 4 this year using the provisions under KSU Act 2000 Section18 (1). However vice chancellor H B Walikar terming the order as defective had refused to allow Bhat to take charge. Thus the V-C had invited criticism that he was violating the government order.Meanwhile, Prof Durgadas of department of Kannada has approached the high court circuit bench questioning the government order. The court has issued notices to three respondents- the state government, the University and Prof. J S Bhat- asking them to file their reply within 15 days. However, the court has not stayed the government order appointing J S Bhat.The minister said the KSU Act had provided certain responsibilities and powers to the University and also to the government and has clarified the role of each. \"Autonomy does not mean dictatorship. The government will not encroach upon the varsity's autonomy but at the same time will not desist from exercising its powers in the interest of the University\" Ravi said as an oblique reference to the V-C's refusal to obey the government order.The minister admitted that the controversies were denting the images of the Universities in the state but maintained that the quality of teaching had remained good despite controversies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "humidity levels to stay high", "code": "15564655", "title": "Hot, humid day for Delhi", "text": "Humidity levels to stay high: Sun shone bright and humidity made life tough for Delhiites even as the temperature remained above normal. While the maximum temperature was recorded at 34.5 degree Celsius, the minimum temperature settled at 29.8 degree Celsius. The maximum temperature was one degree above normal, while the minimum temperature was three degrees above normal. Humidity was recorded between 70% and 77%. The Met has forecast similar weather conditions tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564565", "title": "Supply papers in Metro pillar collapse: HC to cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has asked police to supply copies of the chargesheet and documents, running into 6,104 pages, to 24 accused in the 2009 Metro pillar collapse case.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Lokesh Kumar Sharma asked the crime branch of Delhi Police to supply hard copies of the chargesheet to the lawyers representing all the 24 accused.The court asked cops to give soft copies of probe report to all the accused and commented on the voluminous chargesheet, saying it looked like the crime branch was following CBI which is accustomed to filing bulky reports.\"On the next date of hearing (September 29), you (crime branch) bring marked CDs, so that defence lawyers do not waste time in hunting for contents ...,\" the court said. So far, police have provided hard copies of the chargesheet to lawyers representing officials of DMRC, Gammon India Ltd and Arch Consultancy.The crime branch has chargesheeted 11 DMRC officials and 13 others for allegedly being negligent in construction of a Metro pillar at Zamrudpur here, which collapsed in 2009 claiming eight lives.The police had earlier said it would be filing soft copies of the chargesheet in pursuance of the Delhi high court's direction that e-copies of bulky documents be filed in courts. The contention has been opposed by the lawyers of the accused who are seeking hard copies of the chargesheet. The court had earlier granted bail to 22 accused. The 23rd accused, Amrik Singh of Gammon India Ltd, who did not appear on the earlier date, was granted bail on August 18 on a personal bond of Rs 10,000 each with one surety of like amount. Vivek Prakash Srivastava of DMRC is now the only accused who is yet to get bail.After a three year-long probe, the Delhi Police had filed the charge sheet on July 5 against 24 persons, including 11 DMRC officials and had accused them of being negligent in constructing the pillar.The charge sheet named DMRC's ex-Chief Engineer (Design) Rajan Kataria, its present Chief Engineer (Tenders) Subodh Kumar Gupta, who was the chief project officer at the mishap site, besides Director (Design) Rajiv Ahuja of Arch Consultancy and Pradeep Gupta of Gammon India Ltd.It also held DMRC, Gammon India Ltd and Arch consultancy responsible for causing deaths by approving a \"faulty design\". On July 12, 2009, an under-construction girder on the Central Secretariat-Badarpur Metro line had collapsed killing eight people and injuring 12 workers at the project site in Zamrudpur.The Delhi Metro had attributed the accident to a \"problem in the design\" of the pillar, claiming they \"were trying to rectify it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568602", "title": "Kiccha gets webbed!", "text": "Just days ahead of his birthday, actor Kiccha Sudeep received an early gift from his fans. The actor, who turns 39 on September 2, now has an official website.  Sudeep, who is very net-savvy and tweets often to share his good and bad moments with his followers, has never before had a dedicated website. The portal, run by the Karnataka Kiccha Sudeep Fans Association, features personal and professional information about the actor, a huge gallery of some of the actor's best pictures and detailed information about the charitable work that the association does on behalf of the actor. In fact, Sudeep had once told TOI that he doesn't like to go to town about the social work he is involved with, and said that he had left it to his fans association to decide what to do.The association often conducts blood donation camps and distributes books to poor, deserving children. Food camps are also on the agenda of the association. The portal will also have information about the activities undertaken by the Kiccha Trust. The trust, incidentally has been set up by the actor in association with the fan association, with Sudeep promising to contribute 5% of his remuneration from every film for charitable work. While his fans have also been invited to contribute towards the trust, the actor says that he expects as little as Re 1 per person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565490", "title": "Sanitation help boosts girl students\u2019 attendance", "text": "A Muruganandam remembers visiting a hilltop village in Himachal some years ago. \"None of the girls there went to school, one reason being that they didn't have enough sanitary protection,\" he recalls. The Coimbatore-based innovator of a sanitary pad-making machine sold one of his models to a group in the village. He says that his efforts have made a difference. \"I have come to know that many have started attending school now,\" he claims.It's a fact that something as basic as lack of access to sanitary napkins is often enough to limit a girl's life. A national survey conducted by AC Nielsen and NGO Plan India earlier this year found that 23% girls drop out of school after reaching puberty. Unicef , too, has reported that one in 10 girls in Africa drops out of school for the same reason. Why? Firstly, the lack of affordable sanitary products restricts the mobility of girls. Secondly, lack of facilities like toilets and running water means that they often don't have a place to change or dispose off pads safely and in privacy at school. Thirdly, the nature of the issue prevents them and society from talking about the problem.\"There are lots of taboos about it,\" says Muruganandam. He would know \u2014 he was socially ostracized in his quest to make low-cost sanitary napkins ever since he saw his wife stealthily carrying some rags into their home in 1999. \"I would not have wiped my two-wheeler with those rags, so I was shocked to know what she used them for,\" he says. Unfortunately, it's a reality for a majority of underprivileged girls and women who use dirty cloth, husks, dried leaves and grass, sand or newspapers, exposing themselves to infections, insect bites and injuries. Muruganandam hopes to change that with his machine \"costing less than Rs 1 lakh\", which can make about 120 pads of wood fibre per hour. He has sold 643 machines \u2014 \"only to self-help groups of women\" \u2014 in 23 states and is handling international queries too.The good news is that there are several initiatives similar to Muruganandam's that are trying to bring dignity to women's lives. A group of Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) graduates have come together to form Saathi, a project to develop a machine that makes affordable sanitary napkins using local resources. Their first machine prototype, built at MIT, is now being customized for the Indian market in collaboration with IIT Bombay and Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham University. CEO of Saathi, Amrita Saigal says, \"I was shocked to learn that more than 25% of rural girls/women miss up 50 days of school work a year due to lack of access to proper sanitary protection.\"The Saathi napkins, costing Rs 2/pad, are made using waste banana tree fibre, but \"we have designed our machine to accommodate a variety of filler material,\" she adds. One of the biggest problems Saathi has faced so far is \"convincing older women that using sanitary pads over old clothes/rags is a good thing. We've found many mothers understand the benefits of proper sanitary pads and are willing to buy them for their girls, but are unwilling to change their habits,\" says Saigal.It's never been easy to change centuries of beliefs, especially where women are involved. Kala Charlu, founder of Bangalore-based NGO MITU, says, \"Some girls believe god has cursed them with menses. I have seen girls sit in a corner in schools because they don't have any protection. Most don't have even clean underwear. People donate clothes, but who donates underwear?\" MITU distributes low-cost napkins \u2014 made from wood pulp by a self-help group in Mysore district \u2014 to underprivileged girls in government schools and those for the blind. \"If the school head is a male, he sometimes discourages us, saying we should donate books,\" Kala says. The NGO also holds short sessions on the importance of personal hygiene and cleanliness for teenage girls.MITU funds the pads with donations, but Kala believes nothing is appreciated if it's given for free. Amrita agrees: \"It might be worth doing that initially to bring awareness (but) I do not believe that the pads should be given away for free as it is not sustainable in the long term.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565294", "title": "CCTV cameras in hotel kitchens soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Hoteliers in city are planning to install CCTV systems inside the kitchens of their hotels soon in a bid to regain customer-confidence.The recent raids on various city eateries by food safety department officials had hit the hotel business in the city badly.The plan is to spread the message that hotel owners have nothing to hide from customers, who could watch the activities inside the kitchen live and make sure that the dishes served are fresh.Kiran Ram, general manager of White Dammar, which is in the process of installing four CCTV cameras inside their kitchen, said that the idea was to make the consumers believe that food is prepared in a safe environment.\"Following the raids which led to the seizure of stale food from hotels, regardless of their grading, there was a drastic fall in residents dining out thus hitting business badly. Now, people are not just satisfied with the cleanliness at the dining area but need assurance that food is prepared with utmost care and using fresh materials. The television screen which we have kept at the restaurant area will give customers a glimpse of the activities inside the kitchen,\" said Kiran.MD of Rajadhani group of hotels, Biju Ramesh, said that besides the CCTV facility, the group will also allow customers to examine the kitchen if they want to. However, ultimately it is not cameras that matter but the quality of food, he added.Jose Mohan, general secretary of the Kerala Hotels and Restaurants Association (KHRA) said that as per the Food Safety Act that is being implemented in the state, it is mandatory for three-, four- and five-star hotels to install cameras inside their kitchens.\"We have advised those hotels to install the system. Since most of them have already installed cameras for security reasons, it would not be difficult to extend it to the kitchen area too. However, the food safety commissionerate is hell bent that small restaurants too follow suit, against which KHRA has protested. It is not practical to include them and we will not allow this burden to fall on them,\" Jose said adding that a petition in this regard has been submitted to the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15564769", "title": "Mysore City Corporation flexes its muscle to curb visual pollution in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: When the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) started a drive to remove banners some days ago, buntings and cutouts which were illegally put up in the central business district, it was expecting the violators to fall in line. It was in tune with the state government's move to remove visual pollutants in the tourist hub. Within days, they staged a comeback.Faced with scant regard for the regulation, the MCC is now seeking to enforce the ban like they do during election time when the violation attracts strict punishment.The civic body has made the first move asking the printing presses where vinyl advertisement banners are printed to get the details of the persons who place the order and publish it on the prints, commonly called as flex. This is to ensure that the outdoor advertising banners are tagged so that they can be traced.There is a reason: The MCC is finding it difficult to fix the responsibility for the lapse. In case of such details, it can track the violators.\"We've filed cases for defacement and removed the vinyl banners. But, still they are being put up defacing the public places. We want to effectively tackle the menace,\" corporation commissioner M R Ravi said.\"This is like what we do during the election time when the printing presses are directed to furnish details. We've made a request now and hope that they will help us. In case they don't, we'll issue notices. We have the provision to cancel the trade licences issued by us,\" he told TOI.The MCC is using provisions contained in the Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act, 1981. Some years ago, A B Ibrahim, the then commissioner had removed the banners and buntings in the city a day after the elections and had ordered the amount spent for the removal from the candidates and the political parties.The civic body is keen to emulate it now since the vinyl banners are dotting the city's length and breadth marring the beauty.This comes amid the MCC's move to restrict display of ads by way of hoardings and poll-ads in the city centre. Most of the banners that are being put up are digitally printed on large format. There are some 30 printing presses in the city of which 10 print vinyl banners that have become fashionable to display, be it birthday or death anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15563303", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation to seek help for mobile tower radiation lowdown", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid new regulatory guidelines for mobile towers, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is writing to the Telecom Regulation Authority of India (TRAI) on Tuesday to conduct a survey to check radiation from e mobile towers across the city.The new regulatory guidelines to become effective from September 1 specifies that radiation from the mobile towers will be reduced to 1/10 of the present radiation. This means radiation from the mobile towers will be reduced to 0.92 w/ sq. m (watt per square metre) from the existing 92 w/sq. m.\"We are writing to the TRAI, local authorities and the telecom companies to have a check on the radiation from mobile towers\",\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"Irrespective of whether the towers are legal or illegal, radiation from every mobile tower will be thoroughly checked and then a certificate will be issued for the same,\" he added.\"We are doing this since the corporations does not have staff trained to keep a check on the radiation from the mobile towers,\" the commissioner said.This decision was made to reduce harmful effects caused by the electromagnetic field radiation from the mobile towers and mobile phones.\"After this survey action would be taken against the illegal mobile towers, the onus for which is always controversial,\" the commissioner said. \"The illegal mobile towers in the city are definitely harmful for the residents,\" he added.\"After removing 58 illegal mobile towers in the city, presently there are 338 illegal mobile towers remaining in the city,\" Pramod Shukla, additional commissioner, BMC said.Status of mobile towersTotal towers in city: 637Illegal towers: 338Legal towers: 259Dismantled: 58High court stay: 50prachi.mujumdar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564338", "title": "Govt vehicles being misused rampantly: Cop", "text": "COIMBATORE: Senior IPS officers in the west zone are in the dock for misusing government vehicles, reiterating the rampant corruption that occurs among government servants.According to police, vehicles of two senior IPS officers with Coimbatore registration are being used by their families stationed in Chennai. Similarly, a DIG of police presently stationed in Chennai, has given a department motorcycle to his orderly, for use to meet the personal needs of his family stationed in Coimbatore. Police say that although these are a few instances of misuse that have come to light, many more government servants are using department vehicles to meet personal needs.According to a police source, the family of a senior IPS officer in the west zone, living in Chennai, is using a Bolero attached to Coimbatore rural police, for their personal needs. A police constable who is a member of the Coimbatore rural armed reserve police has been working as a driver in Chennai. His main job is to chauffer the officer's family around, wherever they want to go. The fuel for these vehicles is provided by the Chennai city police, although it does not show up in the account books.Similarly, a Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of police working in Chennai has sent an orderly along with a motorcycle attached to his department to Coimbatore city where his wife resides. The petrol for the vehicle is provided free of cost by the Coimbatore city police.\"Many IPS officers are misusing government vehicles. The state government has allotted one staff vehicle to each police officer. Apart from this, many officers are using additional vehicles under the pretext of work. However, the city police commissioner and superintendent of police can use camp office vehicles,\" said a police source.All police vehicles are maintained by the armed reserve police. However, officers of the armed reserve police do not raise any questions regarding the misuse, fearing punishment at the hands of the IPS officers. Many state police officers use government vehicles on personal visits to Coimbatore, said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564319", "title": "Cops assure people safety and security", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amidst rumours triggering panic among the people from the north east here, the city police today convened an assurance meeting attended by senior police officials and also members from the north east.Most of them mainly students from various educational institutions claimed they felt safe here, however, their parents back home were constantly asking them to return fearing for their safety. Meanwhile, a section of the students raised apprehensions about their safety even after the police reiterated their commitment to prevent any untoward incident.\"We are taking necessary precautions to ensure total safety of the people from north east. Police patrolling has been intensified especially in areas around educational institutions, where students from north east are studying,\" said AK Viswanathan, commissioner, Coimbatore city police.However, the assurance meeting, seems, did not have the desired effect as 60 more people from Assam and Manipur booked tickets on the Trivandrum -Guwahati express for Sunday night. Majority of the north eastern population, who arrived for the assurance meeting were students and only a few were Assamese and Manipuri youth employed in Coimbatore.As of now about 300 people have left Coimbatore as per official records but the actual estimate is more than 400 as north east people working in various private industrial units and hotels in the city have already left the city either fearing their safety or to ensure the security of their dear ones back home.\"Our college officials have assured we will be safe here but we are worried about our parents and relatives. They have been asking us to come home,\" said Suraj Deb Barma, a student from Tripura pursuing MSc in Food and Nutrition here in the city.The college authorities also pointed out they are repeatedly reassuring the students about their safety and some institutions have also allowed the students from the north eastern region who were day scholars to temporarily shift to the college hostels if they were apprehensive about their safety.\"We have about 20 students from the north east in our institution. They were apprehensive but are slightly relieved now after we boost their confidence,' said Sheela Ramachandran, vice chancellor, Avinashilingam University.City police assured the anxious people that they will provide safety and security of each and every member from the north east in Coimbatore by intensifying police patrolling in areas where the community is large in number like in SITRA, Ganapathy and nearby areas. Presently, police have only details of north east students enrolled in various educational institutions in the city and on the outskirts. They are yet to collect a list of all people from the north east employed in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567611", "title": "Attakathi success meet", "text": "The Dinesh-Nanitha starrer Attakathi, which released on August 15, seems to going great guns at the Box Office. The film has been receiving rave reviews from everyone and the response from critics and audience too has been encouraging. The realistic acting by the lead pair, the peppy music and the marketing of Studio Green have ensured that the movie has made the right noise at the box-office.To celebrate this success, Studio Green held a success party at a star hotel, which had over 150 guests from the industry, including the cast and crew. Gaana Bala entertained the audience with his hit gaana numbers from the movie on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566667", "title": "Kalpana Lajmi turns peacemaker for North East", "text": "The filmmaker and late Dr Bhupen Hazarika's companion of many years, will carry forward his message of peace and harmony in the region. Will form a team from the industry to visit the placeThe music of late Dr Bhupen Hazarika, who hailed from Assam, epitomised humanity and universal brotherhood. More importantly, it was an astounding unifier, bringing the North East closer to the mainstream than any other medium possibly did.Today, when violence, uncertainty and insecurity plague the region, the singer-composer's soul-mate and companion of many years, filmmaker Kalpana Lajmi, misses his presence the most. Not one to sit idle and watch her beloved's land go up in flames, Lajmi is firming up plans to take Dr Hazarika's message of peace and harmony to the strife-torn region.She is reluctant to divulge details but we hear, she plans to enlist her friends' Mahesh Bhatt and Ila Arun's help to form a team from the film industry to visit Assam and the North East. Shabana Azmi , who shot the filmmaker's Ek Pal in Assam, and Javed Akhtar , who has penned many of Dr Hazarika's lyrics, are expected to join her.Kalpana, who is trying to find her way through the North Eastern imbroglio, said, \"I am deeply sensitised to the situation in the North-East. Culturally, politically, ethnically and anthropologically, I am not equipped to slip into Bhupen's shoes. But my heart bleeds for the impoverished, distressed victims of the violence. I have to do something. Otherwise, I will be suffocated to death by the senseless anarchy.\"Remembering Dr Hazarika, she said, \"Alas, the man who sang proud, passionate songs about the Brahmaputra would have been bitterly grieved to see blood flow across the sacred river. Bhupen was a great visionary and a true son of the soil. He showed the North East a path of light, peace and hope continuously for 75 years, and they worship him there like God. He would have personally propounded a message of peace. And now I am trying to walk on his path and honestly, I feel myself most inadequate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563346", "title": "MNS plans show of strength tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: The MNS is all set for a show of strength. The party has instructed its 227 ward level units across Mumbai to mobilize nearly 50,000 activists for a protest march which will begin at Girgaum Chowpatty on Tuesday.\"Meetings are being held across Mumbai to work out the nitty-gritty of the morcha. Many activists will come from Pune, Thane, Kalyan-Dombivli and Nashik,\" said a senior MNS functionary on Sunday.MNS chief Raj Thackeray said, \"What happened at Azad Maidan on August 11 should not be viewed through communal prism. It was a case of complete breakdown of the law and order machinery in Mumbai.\"The MNS has demanded home minister R R Patil and city police commissioner Arup Patnaik's resignation for the mob violence.Sena tribute: Not to be leftbe-hind, the Shiv Sena has planned party CEO Uddhav Thackeray's visit to the Amar Jawan memorial on Monday, a day before the MNS morcha. Uddhav will pay tributes at the memorial, which was desecrated by a group of hooligans on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "santabommali (srikakulam)", "code": "15564498", "title": "Anti-power plant stir to continue", "text": "Santabommali (Srikakulam): The anti-thermal power plant agitators of Kakarapalli have given a call to the people to continue the agitation till the government cancels the coal-based plant to be set up by East Coast Energy Private Limited.The anti-thermal power plant agitation committee conducted a public meeting at Vadditandra village to mark the completion of two years of relay hunger strikes in protest against the proposed thermal plant. Hundreds of agitators started the relay hunger strike agitation on August 15, 2010. The agitators said six people have been killed during the protests and yet the government was going ahead with the project. Leaders spearheading the stir said that they would intensify the agitation by visiting the plant-affected villages and creating awareness among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569365", "title": "'Uncle' Vijay throws a surprise!", "text": "It was a pleasant surprise for Sneha who is debuting as a director with the remake of Sattam Oru Iruttarai as her uncle, actor Vijay, dropped in on the sets recently.The 20-year-old, along with the unit of the film, were pleasantly taken aback when they saw the Ilayathalapthy on their sets. The actor was at his gracious best and even posed for photographs with the cast and crew of the film.Says a source in the unit, \"Sneha explained to Vijay on the day's shoot, which was a party song sequence involving 40 Mumbai-based dancers and showed him the edited scenes from the film on her laptop.\"The film is being jointly produced by Vijay's dad S A Chandrasekar and Vimala Rani, and stars Tarun Kumar and Kazhugoo girl Bindu Madhavi in the lead. SAC also is acting in the film, something that he has not done for the past 20 years. The film also has Reemma playing a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15562615", "title": "Ravi Shastri's absence rankles ministry", "text": "BANGALORE: The Union sports ministry is miffed that former cricketer Ravi Shastri did not turn up for the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and Arjuna awards committee meeting on Saturday despite repeated requests in the last four days.Ministry sources told TOI that they must have made at least a dozen telephone calls from August 14 to Shastri's residence only to be told by the person at the other end that the cricketer-turned-commentator was not at home.\"This person even refused to give us Mr Shastri's cell phone number. But we left a message every time we called stating we wanted to speak to him about the awards,\" the sources said.The sources agreed it had operated under severe time constraints. \"After the minister decided the composition of the panel, we tried to get in touch with Mr Shastri. But there was no reply.\"When asked, Shastri said he would have been glad to be part of the committee but did not receive any information from the ministry. Of the 10 eminent sportspersons nominated to the panel, only eight attended. Baichung Bhutia too opted out but informed the ministry well in advance, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568095", "title": "5 SMS cap: 10 alternative messaging apps", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568861", "title": "No more babies for me, says Gwyneth Paltrow", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow has revealed that she has no plans to add to her brood.The 39-year-old star - mother to daughter Apple, eight, and Moses, six - juggles parenthood with a busy film and business career.When asked if she would have more children with husband Chris Martin , she said, \"I don't think so. I would love to, but I sort of feel like I don't know if I can go back to diapers and things like that. I'm so past that, I think I may have missed the window.\"I think if maybe when Moses was three, I would have done it, or four even, but now he's six and such a guy, I feel like I'm out of the baby phase,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"If it happens, it happens.'Miss Paltrow and Coldplay frontman Mr Martin divide their time between homes in London, New York and Los Angeles .Miss Paltrow also said that being a parent gave her 'real happiness'.\"I feel like motherhood has given me all my happiness and a real life: a husband, my children and everything that's invested in that,\" she said.\"Every woman is different, but for me that's where I've gotten my real happiness,\" she added.The actress also admitted she doesn't mind the aging process.\"I like being older. It's nice to really know yourself and feel relaxed. And I actually think I look better now than I did when I was 24, so I'm very comfortable with myself,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557590", "title": "I\u2019m no style icon: Sussanne", "text": "Sussanne Roshan was also one of the celebs who flew down to Delhi for the Bollywood-packed PCJ Delhi Couture Week 2012 recently, though she didn't walk the ramp. She was a front row guest for Manish Malhotra's show, along with Karan Johar and Shabana Azmi . She praised Manish for his style sense, but when we asked her what she thinks of the fact that she is considered one of the most stylish star wives, she laughed. \"Really? I still don't register that. I am very normal and a simple person by heart. So whenever anybody says that, I am just like, 'thank you', but I don't know,\" she said. She also said that now she's started moving out a lot more because she's a working woman. \"Earlier, I was a little more reserved. I am much more comfortable than I used to be with all the attention. But I'm still getting there. Somewhere, it's also because of my work. I had to go to many platforms, to talk about what I am doing as an entrepreneur. That gave me a lot of confidence. It is not about the look, it's about the thought,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15562791", "title": "Badrinath's inclusion adds to skipper Dhoni's headache", "text": "CHENNAI: The Indian middle-order is suddenly looking very different. The assurance of a Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman is not there any more and every Indian cricket fan is feeling a little jittery.There's still Sachin Tendulkar , of course, but with Dravid and Laxman gone, places have opened up. The Indian team management's first duty is to ensure that they find suitable replacements for these two slots before England and Australia arrive.MS Dhoni and Duncan Fletcher had Cheteshwar Pujara , Ajinkya Rahane and Suresh Raina to choose from, but now the selection committee has thrown S Badrinath into the ring as well.There were a few raised eyebrows about Badri's inclusion in the 15 in place of Laxman, but the selectors believe he has done enough over the last few seasons to at least get a chance.Rohit Sharma , who was seen a sure-shot replacement, didn't do himself any favours by failing miserably in the ODI series and that opened the slot for Badri.Chetan Chauhan , former India opener, though, feels Rahane and Pujara are the ones who should be included in the playing XI against New Zealand. \"Both these guys have the attitude to play the longer version. But the problem with Rahane is that you have to decide first whether you want to use him as an opener or a middle-order batsman,\" Chauhan told the TOI.Rahane was tried in both the roles in the India A series in West Indies, but he didn't do too well. \"I don't think the Indian team management will read too much into it...They should play Rahane at No 3 while Pujara should come in at 6,\" Chauhan said.Former India player WV Raman doesn't agree. He feels it's Badrinath who should get his chance. \"He was initially seen as a player for the longer version and then he was dropped for not doing too well in the ODIs. I think this is his best chance to cement a place in the Indian side,\" Raman said.But for that to happen, Badri has to get a chance in the playing XI. Dhoni has always preferred to go in with Suresh Raina and Raman feels that the UP left-hander \"has got his chances in Tests\". \"Raina started off well, but couldn't carry the momentum forward. Now let's give Badri a chance before it's too late and see how he does in Tests. If he doesn't do well in two games, you always have the opportunity to bring somebody else in,\" Raman said, adding that Pujara, too, should be used at No 3 slot.Chauhan, on the other hand, still pines for Rohit. \"He is such a classy player and has the gift of timing...It's unfortunate that he failed in Sri Lanka . I hope he does well in domestic cricket and gets back into reckoning soon enough,\" Chauhan said. Former India stumper and chairman of selectors Kiran More , on the other hand, feels that the four selected in the 15 \"are all good enough\".\"You cannot replace players like Dravid and Laxman. Badri has finally got his chance. He has a half-century in two Tests that he has played (against SA) and I have every reason to believe that he will make the most of this opportunity,\" More said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15564341", "title": "Sri Lankan navy seize TN fishermen\u2019s catch", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Sri Lankan navy allegedly took away the catch netted by fishermen forcibly on Sunday, when they were fishing near Katchatheevu in the Palk Straits, fisheries department officials said.Lankan naval personnel allegedly surrounded ten boats and at gunpoint seized the catch early on Sunday, the officials said.The officials claimed that the Lankan navy was now strictly enforcing the ban on Tamil Nadu fishermen from fishing near Katchatheevu, their traditional area of fishing. Katchatheevu islet was ceded to Sri Lanka by India under an agreement in 1974.\"For the past one week, ten Sri Lankan navy boats have been anchored near the islet and they are using focus lights to warn the Indian fishermen from going anywhere near Katchatheevu,\" said a fisheries department official.The Lankan naval men were patrolling in the area throughout the night, signalling with \"focus lights\" not to enter their area, they added.Assistant director of fisheries, Kathikeyan said Lankan fishermen and navy would not have any objection to the Indian fishermen fishing in the area provided they used proper fishing nets, which they were not.But Rameswaram fishermen were using \" banned fishing nets\" which were causing harm to marine wealth, and as a result there were clashes between the fishermen and their Lankan counterparts, he said. Asked why the fisheries department was allowing banned nets to be carried into the sea, he said, \"I don't know what net they are using in mid-sea, and it is not possible to check every boat.\"Meanwhile, fishermen on Sunday returned with a poor quantity of fish as they were not allowed near Katchatheevu, officials said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567741", "title": "I want to create musicians in Tihar jail: Kamal Sabri", "text": "Sarangi player Kamal Sabri is one rare musician who has had the privilege of teaching and training Tihar jail inmates.Although, the first stint is over, Kamal wants to go back and teach them for the second round. \"I loved that experience and because of my efforts a lot of people are thinking of living a good life after they get released. So I want to go again and train them further,\" avers the world renowned musician on his recent visit to Allahabad where he had come to participate in a private function recently, adding, \"But this time I want to go there with a purpose of creating some good sarangi players who can assist me in my concerts abroad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15564359", "title": "Finally, fly within Gujarat starting today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The man who redefined the aviation industry in India is all set to do it again. Captain G R Gopinath will finally launch Deccan Shuttle on Monday, connecting the cities of Ahmedabad, Surat and Bhavnagar by air. Attempts to start the service have seen many hurdles in the recent past, but it has finally been given the green signal.\"Imagine, till now it took a businessman more time to reach Surat or Kandla than he did to reach Bangalore or Delhi from Ahmedabad,\" says Gopinath. The service will initially connect the three cities and will go on to have 12 daily flights between nine major cities of Gujarat . Jamnagar and Kandla are expected to be added next.Gopinath had announced the service last year but the plans were grounded after the lease agreement under which the aircraft had been procured was not acceptable to the Director General of Civil Aviation. The captain has now procured two Cessna Grand Caravan 208 B aircraft under 'dry lease'.\"Many states have approached me for the service, but I wanted to start it from Gujarat. I am trying out with nine-seater flights and will start with daily to-and-fro Ahmedabad-Surat and Surat-Bhavnagar flights,\" he adds.\"In September, we will add Ahmedabad-Kandla-Ahmedabad flights.\"Gopinath has refused any subsidy from the state government for the service. The airfare on all the routes initially will range between Rs 3,500 and Rs 4,000.\"I asked the government to promote the airline instead of subsidising it. The service will transform the way business is done in Gujarat. We will add bigger aircraft soon,\" Gopinath says.Deccan Shuttle, the first-of-its-kind service in India, will make Ahmedabad its main hub and Surat as the second hub. Flights for different cities will take off from these airports six days a week within a gap of 30 minutes every morning and evening.Gopinath had founded India's first low-cost carrier Air Deccan in 2003, which Kingfisher Airlines took over in 2007.He had signed a five-year no-competition clause when he sold his stake to Kingfisher's Vijay Mallya, which ended in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563233", "title": "Exodus of northeast people: Eight Pakistani sites identified for spreading rumours", "text": "NEW DELHI:With investigations into the cyber warfare unleashed by religious fundamentalists from across the border identifying eight sites from where the bulk of the fake photos and stories about purported atrocities on Muslims were circulated, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde talked to his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik on Sunday and sought action against these elements.Shinde, while exchanging Eid greetings over the phone, sought Malik's cooperation in checking and neutralizing elements circulating fake pictures and stories through social media to whip up communal sentiments in India. This was the first direct contact between the two leaders.Shinde's concerns were based on a 43-page report prepared by intelligence agencies along with National Technical Research Organization (NTRO) and India Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-IN) that has traced several doctored images to Pakistan.Agencies have also zeroed in on a particular Pakistan-based hardline group that is suspected to have organized the false propaganda as part of what the government suspects to be an organized destabilization effort.A senior official in the security establishment said agencies had by Sunday afternoon identified at least eight sites, all with origins in Pakistan, which were at the forefront of circulation of the hate material. \"CERT-IN is trying to block them after formal approval from the government,\" he said.\"From all available forensic evidence, we are fairly convinced that all those postings came from Pakistan,\" the official said. Till late on Sunday, NTRO investigators were combing through internet to see if the postings were mushrooming elsewhere.While work is on to track some 110 sites and postings, it may take some time to trace all of them as in some cases, especially in the case of Facebook, tracking the IP address to ascertain where a post was created needs the company management's cooperation. However, the identical nature (in terms of language, design and images) of several of these posts points to the fact that they were all drafted at one place.Sources said several other fundamentalist organizations in Pakistan were under the scanner for having participated in this hate campaign. Although there is no concrete evidence yet of the effort being state-sponsored, radical organizations in Pakistan have close links with the establishment and have frequently been its proxies.Most of the online content started getting posted from July 13 and fake profiles were created for spreading morphed pictures, according to the home ministry report prepared in the wake of mass exodus of the northeast Indians from Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Mumbai following rumours about possible attacks on them.\"Pictures have been taken from different places such as Tibet earthquake, Thailand etc and most of the fake profiles have been created since end of July,\" said an official quoting the report.A senior official involved in India's Pakistan watch for several years said the trend of the last few days wasn't an isolated development, but a wake up call that the attempt at destabilization may involve new weapons including rumours designed to cause communal tension. \"It has been happening for several months now. This is a low cost, very effective way of destabilizing us,\" he said.\"They don't need to send terrorists and explosives to create mayhem. Internet has been a very effective platform for instigating communal divisions in India. They also have a multiplier effect, first resulting in anger and hatred, then riots and, finally, many taking to terrorism,\" he added.The home ministry report which has put Pakistan in the dock also touches upon activities originating from India. It notes that social media, e-mails, Internet chat rooms and VoIP calls were rampantly being used to spread disinformation and rumours to provoke unrest in Assam and other parts of the country.\"These unidentified Muslim extremists are waging an online campaign after the outbreak of violent clashes in Myanmar between Buddhists and Muslims. They are using the Internet and its social media sites for the dissemination of exaggerated accounts of the violence in Assam and for re-circulating fabricated evidences to inflame the passions of Muslims in different parts of India during the fasting period of Ramzan,\" the report said.Meanwhile, agencies are tracking if those spreading rumours through SMSes are linked to some fundamentalist organizations. \"SMSes have all originated from India. But different groups are fishing in troubled waters. Both Muslim and Hindu fundamentalists are under the scanner,\" an official said.However, by Sunday evening, home ministry sources the situation report from various parts of the country spoke of noticeable improvement in the ground situation. On Saturday and Sunday, there were no special trains to the northeast, and the number of northeast residents fleeing from Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra dropped significantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563468", "title": "Chain snatchers held, gold worth Rs 8L seized", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons, who used to waylay and rob women walkers in Anna Nagar and Arumbakkam, were arrested and 8 lakh worth of gold jewellery was recovered from them.Police said that they were identified as Karuppu alias Vadivalakam from Semmenchery and Rajendran alias Kulla Rajendran.Police said their modus operandi was to approach women pedestrians on the pretext of asking for directions and snatch their gold chains. The duo were involved in several crimes, including murder, robbery and theft.\"We had been on the look out for them after we kept receiving several complaints. They were once detained under Goondas act by Chetpet and Aminjikarai police, but managed to escape,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563917", "title": "Eid Mubarak: Shopping at its peak", "text": "VARANASI: Eid shopping reached its peak in the prominent markets of the city. The last hour purchasing geared up in the city on the eve of Eid on Sunday.Shops at Nai Sarak and Dalmandi witnessed heavy sale of clothes, edibles and dry fruits till late at night on Saturday. People were also seen splurging on dairy products like khoa (hardened milk) and milk.\"The rising prices of other ingredients like dry fruits, cream, sugar and others which are used to prepare delicacies of the festival have increased due to which customers are buying less quantity of khoa this year,\" said a shopkeeper at khoa mandi. The traders pointed out that the outbreak of violence in Allahabad and other districts of the state did affect the sale of dairy products.Khoa is selling a little higher than its regular price. According to Neelu Yadav, another shopkeeper, the regular price of khoa remains between Rs 120 to Rs 130 per kg while it is selling at Rs 160 per kg. \"On an average customers are purchasing 250 gm to 5 kg of khoa for the festival,\" he added. \"Call it surplus availability of milk or less customers, the market has not faced shortage of milk and the prices are not rising unlike last year when it reached Rs 70 per litre on the eve of Eid,\" informed Babbu Yadav, incharge of Godowlia milk mandi. A milk seller in Rajatalab area said that the cost of milk by Sunday afternoon was Rs 45 per litre, which is only Rs 10 to Rs 15 more than the regular price.Over a dozen milk markets in different parts of the city supply more than 50 per cent of milk consumed in the city.The milkmen from rural areas and outskirts carry milk in the buckets and brisk selling of is witnessed in the morning and evening. The sale remains low in the Bhadra month of Hindus due to absence of festivities and auspicious occasions. The markets also remain deserted because there is less demand of curd during rainy season. \"We are hoping of making some profit during Eid. Milk was sold for Rs 55 per litre on Saturday,\" he informed.Meanwhile, a large number of customers were seen buying eatables like dates, dry fruits, sewai and snacks on Sunday. A dry fruit seller at Dalmandi market said that the shopping for Eid will pick up at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567379", "title": "No Entry stills are out now", "text": "The most awaited stills of No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey(NEPDA) are out now. NEPDA is Marathi remake of Bollywood blockbuster 'No Entry' starring Salman Khan , Fardeen Khan and Anil Kapoor.'No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey' is the story of three friends Krishna 'the married man'. Sunny 'the bachelor' and Prem 'the married bachelor'. Prem brings Krishna into trouble by introducing him to a woman. In order to hide all this from his wife, Krishna starts telling lies to her which gradually forces him to get into a bigger trouble.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15567543", "title": "Exodus of northeast people: Pakistan rejects India's assertion, seeks evidence", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan has rejected as \"unfounded\" India's assertion that elements in this country were using social media networking sites to whip up communal sentiments and create a scare among people from northeast, and asked New Delhi to provide evidence in this regard.The matter figured in a phone conversation between Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik and his Indian counterpart Sushilkumar Shinde. Malik said he has asked India to provide evidence that elements in Pakistan had used social media networking sites to whip up communal sentiments. \"The Indian minister has said that rumours were generated from Pakistan through cellular services,\" Malik told reporters referring to his phone conversation with Shinde on Sunday.\"I had requested him (Shinde) to provide evidence in this regard to us and we will take care of it,\" he said.Malik said he and Shinde discussed the regional situation, including rumours which forced thousands of people from Assam to flee Karnataka, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu.Malik had telephoned Shinde to convey greetings for Eid-ul-Fitr and briefly spoke about pending issues between the home and interior ministries of the two countries. This was the first direct contact between them.Separately, a Foreign Office spokesman dismissed India's assertion as \"baseless and unfounded.\" \"We totally reject these allegations and insinuations. They are totally baseless and unfounded. Such unsubstantiated statements are not very helpful in creating a conducive environment necessary for improving the relationship between our two countries,\" he was quoted as saying by The News. The report said the Indian charge had \"irked\" Pakistani officials, who claimed New Delhi was again using the media to conduct diplomacy instead of acting in a more responsible manner and sharing information.The Pakistan Foreign office spokesman said the tools of modern technology were not in the hand of a single person or a national capital, and claimed that the insinuations coming from New Delhi were simply due to people jumping to conclusions, which was not very helpful.During his conversation with Malik, Shinde had expressed concern over social media networking sites being misused by elements based in Pakistan to circulate false pictures and stories to whip up communal sentiments in India. Shinde sought Pakistan's cooperation in neutralising such elements.On Saturday, home secretary R K Singh had said the bulk of the rumours that triggered panic among people of northeastern states in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra had originated in Pakistan. After his telephonic conversation with Shinde, Malik said India and Pakistan have expressed their resolve to work for the eradication of terrorism from the region and for the progress of the people of the two countries.\"We will have to work jointly for the safety of the region,\" he said.Malik said he has invited Shinde to visit Pakistan to take forward work on a revised visa agreement between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563175", "title": "Ketan Desai fights to keep licence", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former president of the Medical Council of India (MCI), Ketan Desai has filed an affidavit before the Gujarat high court in response to the appeal filed by People for Better Treatment (PBT) demanding suspension of Desai's license to practice medicine.PBT has filed the appeal against the Gujarat Medical Council (GMC) for its refusal to cancel Desai's medial registration after he was arrested on charges of corruption. In his affidavit-in-reply, Desai has claimed that PBT head, and NRI Dr Kunal Saha, has been fighting him only to \"get even\" because of his wife's wrongful death.Desai has also claimed that his medical license was cancelled because of collusion between Saha and the MCI members and that Saha filed the case because of a personal grudge as he was MCI president, when Saha's wife died due to medical negligence by doctors in Kolkata in 1998.Saha had approached the HC last year demanding suspension of Desai's license to practice medicine after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) nabbed him red-handed allegedly taking bribe. Later he was charged for having assets disproportionate to his known source of income. Desai was jailed and later released on bail.Saha and his NGO had requested GMC to cancel Desai's license, but when nothing happened, he filed an appeal before MCI. The central regulatory body ordered GMC on October 9, 2010 to cancel the license, but GMC did not act upon the order, Saha contended before the court. But his plea was dismissed last year.In his appeal challenging the single-judge's order, Saha has claimed that MCI had ordered GMC to cancel Desai's license \"for his deplorable and unethical activity\" as per the provisions in sections 8.7 and 8.8 of the MCI 'Codes of Professional Conduct, Etiquette and Ethics, 2002\". However, GMC did not act upon the order.Saha also challenged Desai's election to the Gujarat University senate and fought the legal battle up to the apex court, but failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15568708", "title": "Assam violence: No fresh incident reported in the state", "text": "GUWAHATI: No fresh incident of violence was reported from any part of Assam where security has been beefed up on the occasion of Eid on Monday.\"There are no fresh incidents of violence. We are in constant touch will all the districts and Eid prayers have passed off peacefully,\" Assam IGP (law &amp; order) L R Bishnoi said.He said police and security forces have been deployed in all districts and regular reports have been received.There are reports of Eid celebrations from districts, including Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri, which bore the brunt of the recent violence.In Guwahati, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi called for peace and harmony in the state.\"Let us hope that this day of Eid will bring lasting peace and amity in the state. We will all have to work together and strive for peace,\" Gogoi said addressing people at the Machkhowa Idgah here.He said relief and rehabilitation of the affected people is the biggest priority of the government. The CM also said that an action plan to deal with such incidents of violence will be prepared by the state administration and police.Meanwhile, two more special trains from Bangalore reached Guwahati on Monday morning bringing around 2,000 passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15564006", "title": "Bishop Dabre urges state to maintain peace in city", "text": "PUNE: Bishop of Pune Rt Rev Thomas Dabre on Sunday said the state government must take steps to stop any attacks on people from the northeast and ensure peace and harmony in the city. He also condemned the attacks that have taken place over the last fortnight in the city.After the Sunday mass, Bishop Dabre and Father Malcolm Sequeira, vicar general of the Pune Diocese, addressed as many as 500 people from the northeast living in the city.Bishop Dabre said, \"Pune has a tradition of equality, peace and harmony. However, the unfortunate incidents that have taken place in the last fortnight are disturbing the fabric of the city. It is shameful that such things are happening in Pune.\"He further said, \"It is extremely sad that people from the northeast living in Pune, Mumbai and Karnataka are leaving for their hometowns. But we assure that the Diocese of Poona will support the people from the northeast and will do whatever is needed for the safety of our brothers and sisters.\"The Diocese of Poona has sent a circular to every school and college of the Diocese to pray for the people of the northeast during their daily assembly. Bishop Dabre said, \"We hope that the government steps in and takes action so that the people from the northeast can live safely in the city and that none of them leave for their homes, thus continuing with their education or profession.\"Father Sequeira said, \"We are here to show solidarity with the people from the northeast in view of the present situation. A total of nine services have been offered at the church so that the situation is under control and no harm is caused to people from the northeast. We assure our support and help to all those who are in trouble.\"Father Sequeira also shared the numbers of the Diocese of Poona and other members with the people present. After the address, Bishop Dabre blessed every person from the northeast present in the church and interacted with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15563641", "title": "Now showing: A brief history of the camera", "text": "When an old house on Kasturi Rangan Road in Alwarpet was turned into a gallery this year many took notice. On Sunday, 'Art House' - set up by A P Shreethar - was the venue for a camera and photograph exhibition. On display were some of the rarest, largest and smallest cameras. Also on display were rare photographs of Sivaji Ganesan , MGR to Kamal Hassan wielding cameras and clicking with ease, contributed by film photographer 'Stills' Gnanam.\"In the early 1900s, Kodak was a layman's camera and brands such as Laica were the status symbols for the rich. But the camera which sold for $12.5 in 1901 began to sell for $275 in 1936 because of the increasing demand,\" said painter Shreethar, whose - 1,050 and counting - camera collection is on display at the exhibition.From the world's smallest camera Mini HD, which weighs about 11gm to a megalithic like Bellows cameras, the exhibition is a treat, especially for many lensmen, who were celebrating World Photography Day on Sunday. \"The first decade of the 1900s was when the Bellows cameras were popular. They are like large box cameras, which can be folded, varying between 12ft and 6ft,\" the 41-year-old said.Other cameras that are part of the exhibition, which is on till September 10, are a 1950 Nordetta 3-D effect camera and a watch-shaped Victorian spy camera. A sleek yellow Alfon camera, the first underwater camera, breaks the monotony of the largely black collection.\"In many respects, cameras were developed rather than invented. Johann Zann, Nicephore Niepce and Louis Daguerre contributed before the first practical camera was invented by George Eastman in 1888,\" said Shreethar, who started collecting rare cameras nine years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563418", "title": "Sanwer incident: Husband, two others confess killing", "text": "INDORE: With the arrest of three persons including husband, police claim to have cracked the murder of the woman who was brutally killed and thrown at a road side in Sanawer area. Next day, her former friend also committed suicide claiming his life meaningless without her friend.ASP, rural, Padmavilochan Shukla informed that Vijay Singh , husband of the deceased woman, and his two accomplices Tipu Sultan and Dagru alias Shailendra Singh have been arrested. They have also reportedly confessed their hands in the killing of the lady. Quoting Vijay, Shukla said that Vijay killed his wife as he did not like her since the beginning of their relationship. He also suspected her fidelity.The deceased Savita Singh, 23 had come to celebrate raksha-bandhan at her parental home at Barodia Khan few days ago. Later, she was killed by unknown persons.Vijay reportedly called his wife from his accomplice's phone Tipu, who is a bicycle mechanic, and offered her to go to Ujjain. Vijay told his wife that he will come and pick her up. Later, she was murdered. Tipu was caught and he revealed the entire story.Sanwer police station in-charge UPS Chouhan said that police got the information that a dead body was lying at the road side at around 6 am. When police reached there, if found a body in pull of blood.Savita Singh was found dead in the morning of August 9 in her village. Next day, a man Rakesh Singh , 26, son of Gopal Singh had committed suicide. He had also left a suicide note in which he said that he loved Savita, and did not want to live alone as she has been killed. He had also written that he was taking the extreme step because police could suspect his role in the murder of Savita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563839", "title": "Special operation group &amp; Cantonment police nabs two sharpshooters", "text": "VARANASI: The special operation group (SOG) and Cantonment police, on Sunday, nabbed two shooters of a gang, who had opened fire on a vegetable wholesaler in June last after failing to extort money from him.SSP BD Paulson said that SOG and Cantonment police raided Lachhipura road in the afternoon period when Salim alias Chini of Pitarkunda and Subedar alias Manish Singh of Hukulganj were going somewhere. The cops nabbed the two and recovered a pistol and cartridges from their possession. During initial interrogation, they confessed their involvement in attacking vegetable wholesaler Jivan Patel on June 20 when the latter was heading towards his shop in Pahadiya Mandi.Paulson said that the arrested persons belong to the gang of notorious gangster Abhishek Singh alias Honey of Khajuri. Honey had come out of the jail a few months back. When he was in jail, Salim and Manish came in his contact. After coming out of jail, Honey organised his gang. The SSP said that Abhishek alias Prince arranges arms while Dilip Singh alias Pravin alias Pintu alias DK arranges vehicles for the shooters of the gang. Salim, against whom over six cases of murder and loot are lodged with Varanasi and Chandauli police and Manish, who has a history-sheet with Varanasi police, are the main shooters of the gang.After Honey came out of jail, one Nadim Khan, who was employed as the driver of Patel in the past, met him and informed that he could extort money from Patel. However, despite issuing threats of dire consequences Honey and his gang members failed to pressurise him. Finally, they decided to eliminate him as it was also a must to create panic among other traders to run the extortion trade. Police teams have been formed to nab Honey and other members of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15564482", "title": "Hard-pressed Britons sell hair to make ends meet", "text": "LONDON: Hard-pressed Brits in their 20s are resorting to desperate and tawdry measures to make ends meet, including selling their hair, lapdancing and skipping meals.More than 2,000 young adults, including graduates, students and unemployed school leavers, were questioned in an the Institute of Commercial Management (ICM) poll. Nearly a quarter (22%) said they knew of someone who had gone without food because they could not afford three meals a day, the Daily Express reported. As many as 3% said they knew someone who had sold their hair. Some 10% had heard of someone who had got sucked into drug dealing to make extra money.Eight per cent said they knew another young person who had worked in the sex industry , either through prostitution , glamour modelling, escort work, lapdancing or stripping. A further 4% said they knew someone who had faked an insurance claim.\"Our research has uncovered a generation of risk-takers , credit-hunters and those willing to go without the most fundamental basics of everyday life in order to save money ,\" said director Michael Taggart MRM. \"With wages falling and unemployment rising it is small wonder that some are taking desperate measures,\" said Taggart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15563707", "title": "Medical representative held for Nellore bus killings", "text": "NELLORE: Dhulipudi Srinivas alias Vasu alias Psycho Srinu, who took policemen from Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Kerala on a wild goose chase for over three weeks over the Tada bus killings, was finally arrested and produced before the media here on Sunday.District SP B V Ramanakumar said they would seek custody of Srinu after producing him in court. Srinu, a medical representative residing in Kachiguda in Hyderabad, was arrested in Vijayawada around 11 am on Saturday, the SP claimed. Three sleeping passengers \u2014 Ajay Biswas of Odisha and Rambabu and Niranjan of Prakasam district \u2014 were killed by Srinu in the early hours on July 26 near Tada when they were travelling on a Bhadrachalam-Chennai bus. Srinu jumped off the bus and escaped under the cover of darkness.Srinu, who nursed a grudge against Tada SI Srinivasa Reddy wanted to teach him a lesson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jhargram (wb)", "code": "15570058", "title": "Class VIII student tortured by hostel mates with blades, sticks in West Bengal", "text": "Jhargram (WB): A Class VIII student was allegedly attacked with blades and sticks by his hostel mates who locked him up in a room after he protested against them for stealing and eating his food in Salboni in West Midnapore district.Dipankar Mal had returned to the hostel on Sunday with some food from home which five other boys stole and ate. When he protested, they locked him inside a room and allegedly tortured him, police said today.The boy's lodged an FIR with the police yesterday itself and the five boys, all of them his seniors, were arrested, the police said.Dipankar was admitted to Salbani Health Centre and gave his statement to the police.\"They cut me with blades and then beat me with sticks in the room,\" the police quoted him as saying.The five boys were later rusticated, the school authorities said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569368", "title": "Dia Mirza denies being married!", "text": "The actress clarifies that she has not gotten married to her boyfriend Sahil Sangha as yet, contrary to reports.Actresses' marriage rumours are not uncommon. After Rani Mukherjee , looks like Dia Mirza is the latest to fall prey to these speculations.The actress is surprised how it has been falsely reported that she has gotten married to beau Sahil Sangha.Dia clarified, \"I am extremely perturbed to know of some reports that state that I have gotten married. I would like to state clearly that I am not married. When I am married there will be no need for speculation as it is not an aspect of my life that I would feel the need to hide from my fans or from the media.\"The actress has been going strong with Sahil. The couple is likely to get married next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15563491", "title": "Cellular services suspended in 4 Pakistani cities over terror threat", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Cellular services were on Sunday night suspended in four major Pakistani cities, including Lahore and Karachi, to prevent terrorist attacks using bombs triggered with mobile phones, interior minister Rehman Malik said.Millions of people in Lahore, Multan, Karachi and Quetta were unable to use their mobile phones from 8pm as cellular operators suspended all services in most parts of these cities on the directions of the interior ministry.\"We have done it to stop bombings using mobile phones,\" Malik said during an interaction with reporters when he made a surprise inspection of security at a market in Islamabad late on Sunday night.He said the interior ministry had made arrangements to suspend cellular services in Islamabad too in the event of any emergency.Mobile phone services could be restored in the four cities during the night so that people could wish their relatives and friends for the festival of Eid-ul-Fitr.However, services would be suspended again between 7am and 10am on Monday to prevent possible terror attacks on congregations offering Eid prayers, Malik said.\"The objective of the Pakistan government is to save lives. There will be some inconvenience due to the lack of mobile services but I will request the people to bear with it,\" he said.The decision to suspend cellular services was made following intelligence reports of possible terror attacks during the Eid holidays, he said.\"There have been instances of mobile phones being used as detonators in bomb attacks,\" he said.However, the move was sharply criticised by residents of the four cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563348", "title": "Good response to Live Times Tambola", "text": "INDORE: The Live Times Tambola, which was kicked off by The Times of India here on Sunday, evoked a very good response from the people. People, numbering more than 500 attended the show and enjoyed it.Rani Ninosey said, \"It was a great experience. Such events should be organized more often. I had a good time playing tombola here.\"Says Ashish Agrawal, who is full house winner of first round, \"I'm a regular reader of The Times of India, it was a good fun. I enjoyed a lot playing tambola and also winning it.\"Nisha Kabra, said, \"I did not expect I will get to be a part of such an event when I entered the mall. I regularly play Times Tambola every week and I got to play it live as well. I am amazed.\"Poonam Mangwan, said, \"I liked playing Times Tambola very much. I am a regular reader and also a regular player of Times Tambola. My son is crazy about it, so we have come to participate here. We had a very good time!\"Every Sunday, the ToI has given a ticket and everyday lucky numbers are published in The Times of India. So, you can win and claim your prizes in Times Tambola. To make it a live round, ToI has taken initiative to go to masses. Under the initiative, we have gone to Central Mall here on Sunday where hundreds of prizes were distributed to winners. We have planned for two Tambolas for coming Sundays. Keep on looking for the advertisement and avail yourself of the opportunity to win fabulous prizes from The Times of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565317", "title": "Bihar plans its own North-South corridor", "text": "PATNA: Once known for its bad roads and poor connectivity, Bihar has built a network of roads as part of infrastructure development programme during the past few years under various central and state schemes. Now, the road construction department (RCD) is working on an ambitious plan to provide a smooth passage from Nepal to Jharkhand through a four-lane road while the rural works department (RWD), responsible for rural roads, is working on plans to provide road linkage to all the habitats with a population of 250 by 2017.Talking about the state's own 'North-South corridor', RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav said the state government has taken up this major initiative on its own. \"This four-lane road will connect Nepal with Jharkhand. It will stretch in north Bihar from Bhitha Mor bordering Nepal to Rajauli in Nawada district in south Bihar, which borders Jharkhand,\" he said.The construction of road from Rajauli to Bakhtiarpur, Yadav said, has already been awarded to an agency under Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode at an estimated outlay of Rs 847 crore. From Bakhtiarpur, this road will be linked to the upcoming Bakhtiarpur-Tajpur river bridge. This bridge too is coming up under PPP mode at a cost of Rs 1,602 crore.\"From Tajpur to Nepal border, the work for construction of road would be given to the Bihar State Road Development Corporation, which has been asked to prepare the detailed project report (DPR),\" the minister said. This four-lane, 115-km-long road will pass through Bithauli, Atarbail, Jale and Pupri in northern part of the state before culminating at Bhitha Mor. On completion of this North-South corridor, people would be able to travel from Nepal to Jharkhand by a shorter route without passing through Muzaffarpur, Hajipur and Patna.In another major initiative in road sector, the state government has planned to link all the habitats with a population of 250 with concrete roads in the next five years. Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who has worked out this plan, said efforts would be made to arrange the huge funds required for the project. It is estimated that about 28,000km roads would have to be constructed at a cost of Rs 25,000 crore to achieve this goal by 2016-17.Incidentally, in nine Maoist-affected districts of the state, the habitats with a population of 250 would be linked with roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna (PMGSY). In the remaining 30 districts, the state will have to manage funds for the scheme on its own.RWD minister Bhim Singh said the state would construct these roads with its own resources, including external and internal loans from agencies like World Bank , Asian Development Bank and Nabard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568512", "title": "Indian racer finishes on podium", "text": "Young Indian racer Parth Ghorpade capped off a great weekend at the 2012 Formula Pilota Championship with a win and a creditable second-place finish in the Asian category at the Ordos International Circuit in China.With three rounds taking place over the weekend, the Indian driver finished at fifth, second and first places respectively. With his fourth podium finish in six races so far, Parth now stands second in the championship standings in the Asian category of the series.In the overall category, Parth had finished at sixth, third and second positions respectively. Parth had earlier qualified in sixth and fifth positions for Races 1 and 3. Race 2 grid was determined by the order of fastest laps set in Race 1 and Parth qualified in third position there.Parth had a slow start to his weekend as he struggled to find the right balance for his car. Qualifying was tough as he tried different set-ups but could not get the car to turn into the corners properly. After a slow start to the race weekend, Parth was delighted with the results he achieved.\"We went the wrong way on the car setup for qualifying and paid the price for it. For the race we went back to the basic setup and this made the car a lot more comfortable to drive,\" the 18-year-old later said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563399", "title": "Protest against atrocities on Hindus in Pakistan", "text": "INDORE: To protest the atrocities against the minorities in Pakistan, Hindu Jagran Manch and Sindhu Sabha jointly organized a symbolic protest at the collector's office on Sunday. Later, they also submitted a memorandum to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Anant Kumar during their visit to city on Sunday. In the past one week, nearly hundred migrant Hindus have come to Indore to take shelter and large number of them is expected to come in the next few days. Hundreds of Paksitani Hindus are already staying in Indore.J P Mulchandani of Sindhu Sabha said that they observed symbolic protest to highlight the plight of Pakistani minorities. He said that the group submitted memorandum to CM and senior BJP leaders demanding to send a delegate to asses the condition of minority in Pakistan and present that report at international level; grant refugee status to Pakistani Hindus and give them residential visa in one year and restore the power of collector to grant visa.BJP leader Arun Jaitley and Anant Kumar assured us to raise the issue in parliament and put pressure on union government for expediting citizenship of Pakistani Hindus. They also said that Madhya Pradesh government will provide us all support, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "daresi", "code": "15563787", "title": "Quarrelling groups a scuffle with policemen", "text": "Daresi: Two quarreling groups reportedly roughed up the cops at Daresi police station when they tried to resolve their dispute on Sunday afternoon. Daresi police registered a case based on head constable Makhan Singh's statement. Though station house officer of Daresi Sanjeev Kapoor denied the cops were attacked, he said both the groups did not listen to the two head constables on duty at the station and fled before he reached the station. Kapoor said the accused will soon be nabbed.Head constables Makhan Singh and Jaswinder Singh were at the station while the remaining staff was deputed at Jalandhar Bypass to handle a teachers protest, said the SHO.Two parties involving contractor Parveen Soni and hosiery trader Harish Malhotra got into a brawl over some encroachment issue. The two head constables went to the spot to calm down the quarreling parties, but none of the two listened to them. Following this, the cops asked both parties to come at the police station to settle the dispute. The groups arrived with about 20 men on each side and instead of listening to the policemen, allegedly roughed them up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15565010", "title": "Pistol, country bombs found in irrigation tank", "text": "MADURAI: A country-made pistol and two country bombs found abandoned in a dry bed of an irrigation tank near Madurai creating flutter in the area on Sunday morning.The pistol loaded with two bullets was found in Kuthayarkundu tank near Thiruparankunram rusted. Police suspect that some anti-social elements possessing the weapons might have abandoned it recently due to fear of being caught. \"We have inquired people in the locality if they had seen anyone roaming suspiciously in the area. So far, we have not received any concrete clues over the identity of the culprits who left the weapons in the tank bed,\" a police officer said. But he ruled out the possibility of extremist link to the weapons as they were of rudimentary country-make.Police said that few youth from Thoppur were walking across the dry bed of Kuthayarkundu tank in the morning when they spotted a baggage there. Driven by curiosity , the youth opened the baggage and were shocked to find the pistol and country bombs. They immediately alerted the villagers who in turn informed the police. Police, led by DSP Purushothaman rushed to the spot and recovered the weapons and brought them to the station. Sleuths of the bomb detection and disposal squad were summoned to diffuse the bombs.Police have said that they are interrogating where the weapons could have been made as well as who was in possession of them. However, the police said that there was no violence planned with the pistol in Madurai. Police said that the pistol appeared to be very old and were not in a proper state.The detection of the weapons created a flutter in the locality as villagers thronged to have a glimpse of the pistol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15564793", "title": "From treasurer to a social treasure", "text": "MADURAI: K S Iyamperumal (63) may be old according to numbers, but is young in spirit. He runs to help even the elderly especially at old age homes who find it difficult to come to hospitals for health check-ups. Iyamperumal was a government employee from 1980 to 2008 in the treasury department and retired from service as senior accountant. According to him, his helping nature started even from his schooldays and he never hesitated to help others in whatever way he could. During his service in the treasury section, he had to see hundreds of pensioners who came to the office for various purposes and readily helped them with small assistance like even crossing the road.But the turning point came when he had to spend six months with his elderly father in an old age home in 2010. \"Due to circumstances, my father had to stay in an old age home and I accompanied him for those six months, where I happened to see the elderly struggling to reach hospitals. Though there were regular physicians to attend to the elderly, those who needed expert care had to travel, which was very tedious for them,\" he said. \"So I started helping the elderly to reach hospital and get medical care for them,\" he said.He has been helping the elderly in this manner at two old age homes in the city for the last two years. He also reached out many elderly people referred to him for solutions to pensionary issues. \"Most of my beneficiaries are quite unfamiliar to me, referred by friends and colleagues. I try to do whatever I can. If I find someone hungry on the street, I buy them food but never give them money,\" he said.His family members also encourage him. \"Ours was a revolutionary marriage in 1977 without any rituals. My wife married me after she heard about my nature from some of our family friends. She has never discouraged me from helping people and renders her support wholeheartedly,\" he said.\"Helping is in Iyamperumal's nature and he never gives a second thought to reaching out to the needy,\" says R Asaithambi of Rasi Studio in Karimedu who is his buddy in social service. \"He goes around helping others in whatever way possible,\" he added.\"When you know someone you helped leads a happy life, it gives a lot of satisfaction and motivates one to go that extra mile in helping others,\" Iyamperumal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15564487", "title": "Now, you can kill Osama for just $325 in Minnesota", "text": "WASHINGTON: Want to kill Osama bin Laden all over again? A former navy Seal is offering people a chance to do so for just $325 in Minnesota in a re-enactment of the Seal raid that killed the al-Qaida chief in Pakistan .As many as 137 people have signed up, over the past four months, to hold paintball guns and pretend to be highly trained navy Seals sneaking into a compound in Abottabad , to kill a bearded man in a white robe.The former navy Seal, Larry Yatch told the Minnesota Public Radio that the game is not just for entertainment , but also taught them self-defence , the New York Daily News reported. According to the report, the fake al-Qaida compound is set up in the Sealed Mindset studio, which also takes self-defence classes and firearms training.In one July re-enactment , the group of 'Seals' included a plastic surgeon and a married couple, who said they bought tickets at a school fundraiser.In each imaginary raid, Yatch greets his Seals with startling news, \"We're going to be flying from our base in Afghanistan ... Obviously, this is a complete black op, or clandestine operation.\" There are fake briefings and plenty of instructions given to participants as they prepare to hunt for the al-Qaida leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565375", "title": "Patna University admn to consult students on hostel issue", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) students will now have a say in the allotment of hostel accommodation at the undergraduate and postgraduate level.According to an agreement reached between the PU officials and the representatives of All India Students' Federation on Saturday night, the new arrangement of hostel allotment mooted by Patna College administration would remain in suspended animation and a fresh decision in the matter would be taken at a joint meeting of the representatives of various student organizations to be convened later this month.The agreement was signed by PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad and AISF leader Viswajeet following which the 12-day-long fast ended on Saturday. Welcoming the students' gesture in calling off their agitation, Patna University Teachers' Association president P K Poddar said that academic normalcy would be restored on the campus from Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569183", "title": "A live mahurat for Tamannaah's Himmatwala", "text": "The pooja launch of south actress Tamannaah's much-hyped Bollywood flick, Himmatwala, is all set to go live on YouTube. Yes , the audience can catch the action live in the comfort of their own home now on August 22!Director Sajid Khan confirms, \"I want to reach out to as many people as possible and want to involve them from the very first scene. This is the reason behind the team's decision to stream the mahurat live on YouTube on Wednesday. This is the first time that this digital platform is being used by anyone in India for such an event. We are all very excited about the upcoming mahurat and can't wait to kickstart this film!\"The event will be held coming Wednesday at 1 pm, at the iconic Ramoji Studios in Hyderabad.This much-awaited film is a remake of the 70s Himmatwala , and stars Ajay Devgn in the lead. The film, which also stars Rawal, Mahesh Manjrekar , Zareena Wahab, Adhyayan Suman and Leena Jumani, has music by Sajid Wajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564534", "title": "4 arrested for robbing businessman in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four persons were arrested for robbing Rs 10.5 lakh from a businessman while he was travelling in his car in Rohini, police said.Shyam, Atul, Ankur and Rajpal were arrested along with a minor from near Rithala on Friday.Two country-made pistols, three live cartridges, a stolen motorcycle, a Maruti van and Rs 3.36 lakh in cash were recovered from them.On sustained interrogation, they disclosed that they had recently robbed Rs 10.5 lakh from a person going in a vehicle near G D Goenka School in Rohini.\"They also disclosed that a minor was involved in both the cases. At their instance, the minor was also apprehended from his house,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563382", "title": "Monsoon recedes, no crop loss: Officials", "text": "JAIPUR: After two weeks of relentless downpour across Rajasthan, the monsoon has become inactive now. The widespread torrential rain had improved the water condition in the state but the possibility of drought still lingers on at least 15 districts after the inactive monsoon from Saturday onwards.Officials of the Met department formally declared the current weather activity as the retreating monsoon in its last leg. However, they asserted that it will rain for some more days but not with the same intensity as earlier. \"The rains have started receding from the last 1-2 days and this will now continue. But we also expect that there could be little rainfall in the coming weeks,\" Jaipur Met office director S S Singh said.On Sunday, no rainfall in any of the districts was recorded in the state. Rajasthan is lagging behind on the average rainfall by 5% and has so far recorded 359 mm rainfall against the 377.52 mm marked for normal monsoon.However, despite a good amount of rainfall, at least 15 districts face drought-like situation. Rainfall in Churu, Srigangangar, Hanumangarh, Barmer, Jalore, Sirohi Sawaimadhopur, Jaipur, Alawar, Jhunjhunu and Sikar is still deficient. According to the Met department, there are 17 districts which have received normal rainfall while four districts have received excessive rain and 12 are still under the deficient zone.\"We generally consider it to be normal rainfall even when it is plus or minus 19%. If the rain keeps eluding form the places where it has been recorded normal, than those areas may again fall under the deficient category\" Singh said.Officials of agriculture department too are wary about the situation. \"There will be no loss of agriculture production this year. But still, if in the coming days, deficit places do not receive rain, an alarming situation may reoccur in some of the areas,\" an official of the agriculture department said.The only relief for the government is that out of the five districts - Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Nagaur and Barmer - declared as scarcity-hit, only Barmer is now left with deficient rainfall. The rest has received sufficient rainfall and have been placed under normal rainfall category.The torrential rain in the past two weeks has increased the water level at all the major dams in the state. Almost 90 dams out of the 724 are completely filled completely while 370 are partially filled. The rest has received very less water or are still dry. Water in Bisalpur dam, considered as the lifeline for the city, has reached the 311-metre level. It is likely that water in the dam may increase as the water from the other streams is still flowing in.The Met department in its weather report, forecasts thunder showers at few places in east Rajasthan and at isolated places in west Rajasthan.\"There will be no loss of agriculture production this year. But still, if in the coming days some of the deficit places receives no rainfall the alarming situation may reoccur,\" the agriculture department official added..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563653", "title": "Fresh trouble for Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda", "text": "NEW DELHI: After independent MLA Gopal Kanda, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda now faces a new problem and this time it's from party man and Cabinet minister Ajay Singh Yadav.On Sunday, Yadav said the CM did not keep his word to announce the upgradation of Indira Gandhi Post Graduate Centre at Mirpur in Rewari. \"Southern Haryana has been the Congress stronghold, but the genuine demands of people have been ignored. For me, it's more important to address people's concern, their issues than remaining a minister,\" the power and environment minister said.When he was asked where he would step down from Cabinet berth, Yadav said he is a minister because of \"party high command\" and none else.The minister's stand comes amid reports of his increasing differences with Hooda for his alleged step-motherly treatment for southern Haryana, which is dominated by Yadavs (Ahirs). There are also reports that Gurgaon MP Rao Inderjit Singh, who is known opponent of Hooda, has been in close contact with Yadav.Incidentally, many who attended the party workers meet addressed by the minister belong to Inderjit's camp. \"There is strong bonding between the two leaders and they know it well that they have to remain united to fight for this region, which has been generating maximum revenue to the state coffer,\" said a senior Congress leader.Yadav also said that he and Gurgaon MP will jointly take up the fight for the university at Mirpur.Several controversies in the past had surfaced exposing how Hooda and Yadav had never been on the same page. Recently he had cornered the government over land acquisition in Rewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567793", "title": "Anoop Menon heads off for a break", "text": "Anoop Menon's been one of the busier actor this year in Mollywood.Loaded with projects that require both his acting and scriptwriting skills, he's hardly had time to take a break. However, now with 10 days gap before his project goes on floor, the versatile actor has decided to take time to cool off.Anoop informs us that he will heading outside the country and will only be back just before Onam. But it wouldn't be an all-out vacation. \"I will try to cram in some writing during the break as well,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563537", "title": "Coin shortage likely to aggravate in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Shortage of coins in the city may aggravate with recent the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) decision to curtail delivering coins and currency notes from its counters.In its monetary policy statement in April, RBI had said it intended to channelize distribution of bank notes and coins only through currency chests and bank branches. \"The central bank wants to withdraw from the role of retail operation. This is to focus more on primary duties which is of regulation\" an RBI official said.Though the supply of coins and currency through RBI counters is not fixed, but it generally handles 20% of retail operations. The rest 80% is routed through 298 currency chests located at different places in Rajasthan.The RBI move is being strongly protested by its staff and officers' union. \"If RBI closes its counter permanently, the racketeers will become more active. They will hoard the coins and control the flow as per their whims,\" a member of the All India Reserve Bank Employee Association, Jaipur, said.He added, \"RBI took up the duty of distributing coins and currency notes after the banks have failed in meeting the demands. These banks still lack infrastructure and expertise in retail operations of banking.\"\"The traders in the city are also wary of the decision. We have more faith in RBI than on other banks. Whenever we need coins or currency nots in large numbers, we knock the doors of RBI only. In case they close down their operations, I am certain that scarcity of coins will occur in the market and the situation will get worse,\" Vishnu Saini of Jaipur Vaypyar Mahasangh said.However, the RBI officials claim that they have been organizing coin melas in different parts of the state to meet the requirements of the public. \"RBI has been taking proactive steps to monitor and meet the demand for coins in different parts of the Rajasthan. Coin melas are being frequently organized by the office directly or through the banks concerned whenever any requirement is felt. If the need arises, we will continue doing so,\" the RBI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15564064", "title": "Separate power lines for Noida\u2019s water supply", "text": "NOIDA: Essential services like water supply are expected not to be hampered in case of frequent power cuts as the power distribution firm of the city, Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), has begun work on separate electricity feeder lines for them. An 11KV feeder line would now supply continuous electricity to water distribution facilities and sewage treatment plants (STPs) irrespective of breakdowns or rostering.\"All divisional engineers have been asked to prepare their budgetary estimates for setting up this feeder line. This 11KV feeder would separate supply to water pumps and STPs of the Noida Authority from others which transmit power to different sectors for various types of consumption,\" said a senior official of PVVNL.The decision to put a separate feeder in place has been taken in view of the fact that the city had to bear an acute crisis in getting adequate water supply during frequent power outages this summer.There had been several instances when residents had to face considerable inconvenience when water supply to several sectors was hampered during the unprecedented power crisis. Noida Authority officials pleaded helplessness in supplying water as all tube-wells placed at underground reservoirs could not function with the help of diesel-powered gensets after the Northern Grid crashed. Since the STPs were also rendered non-functional during the power outages, sewage water drained out of the city went untreated.The 11KV feeder line in Noida would supply power to STPs in Sectors 50, 54, 123 and 168 besides the underground reservoirs in Sectors 9 and 168. \"The feeder line would also be connected to the Ganga Water Area Reservoirs in Sectors 35, 47, 51, 62 and 83,\" said Gupta.In Greater Noida, the power distribution company, Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL), has already put in a place separate 11KV feeder for water pumps of Greater Noida Authority. A separate feeder for supplying irrigational water has also been placed in Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562828", "title": "Govt gives Rs 45crore more for drought relief", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of severe drought in many parts of the state, the government has sanctioned Rs 45 crore for water conservation works as part of drought relief measures. The government had earlier sanctioned Rs 30 lakh to every district (excluding Mumbai and Mumbai Suburban districts) for water conservation works under Mahatma Phule Water and Soil Conservation Programme 2012-13.A revenue official said that the state government had identified 62 talukas that had received less than 50% rainfall so far. Each of these talukas would get Rs 48.54 lakh for water conservation works. The Rs 45 crore has been sanctioned from the state's share of funds under National Agricultural Development Programme (NADP). The works will have to completed by October 31.The 62 talukas will get Rs 40 crore under NADP's Rs 45 crore fund. Of the remaining Rs 5 crore, Rs 1 lakh will be sanctioned to all 353 talukas in the state. The remaining Rs 1.47 crore will be added to Rs 1 crore already sanctioned for creating awareness about water conservation. Ramtek and Narkhed talukas of Nagpur district are among the drought-hit talukas. Other talukas of nearby districts include Selu, Deoli and Ashti in Wardha district, Chimur in Chandrapur district, and Salekasa in Gondia district.The department has directed all district collectors to involve the residents of drought-hit talukas and use government funds only where people's participation is inadequate. The district administration should first try to secure excavators free of cost from government agencies and local bodies. In case this is not possible then these machines should be taken on rent. The funds are also to be used for buying diesel for the machines.The district administrations have been asked to execute six type of works using Rs 48.54 lakh fund. They include: repairing the check dams, fitting gates on Kolhapur-type weirs, removing silt from small dams, building earthen dams, creating deep continuous contour trenches (CCTs) and rejuvenating wells.The Rs 2.47 crore mass awareness fund should be used for pasting posters on state transport (ST) buses, erecting hoardings at ST bus stands, advertising through Doordarshan and Akashwani and sending bulk SMSes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15563212", "title": "Today's youth confident, but held back by corruption'", "text": "Scene-Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kanpur. Year-1975. A group of 45 young men set out with a prestigious degree in hand to fuel the engine of their dreams that might have seemed too idealistic in an economy which had just sprouted its roots.When they met 25 years later in 2000 at the IIT Kanpur campus, the young boys had grown into the who's who of the corporate world. By their 35th reunion, life in brand IIT 'had been demystified' and from the seemingly unattainable had become part of the popular culture.In the monsoon of 2012, when the group of 45 industry giants, along with their spouses, decided to catch up on the latest life had to offer, the meet was organized by classmate Vijay Priyolkar at a South Goa hotel. Ravi Dhariwal, CEO Timesgroup, Anil Tandon of Tex Corp Ltd, Deepak Mohoni of Trend Watch India Ltd, Arun Bhalaik of the US-based CH2MHill were only a few among the many well-known names from the alumni of the 1975 batch.Huddled together in small groups, and with chatter and laughter rising over tables, not only was the past alive but the future seemed livelier.\"There were five IITs then, now there are 15. There were 200 graduating then, now there are 10,000. There is a huge number pursuing postgraduate studies and those doing doctorates is increasing multifold. Today, research and industry interface is stronger in IITs than ever. There is a lot of cross disciplinary studies and the focus on societal concerns assures of a good future,\" said Ashok Jhunjhunwala, professor of electrical engineering in IIT Madras.Pawan Goenka, president of Automotive and Farm Equipment Sectors at Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Ltd, said IITians have served as a lever for the Indian economy by opting to be entrepreneurs and employment generators.\"Many have emerged as serious business leaders. A lot many have also started NGOs. A large number of them have shifted to the social field after a good 20 to 30 years in the industry,\" he pointed out.IITs are all about meritocracy, said Hari Padmanabhan, chairperson of Pan IIT Alumni and chairman of Encore Group. \"In a way, India is what it is today because of the IT revolution of the 90s. And IITians have contributed tremendously to this huge transformation. IIT is a brand accepted phenomenally across sectors.\" He added, in a lighter vein, \"There is this huge expectation out of anything that IITians do. Chetan Bhagat and popular culture have demystified it in a way and have sent the message that anyone can do it if you have the merit.\"S N Trivedi, chairman Trivedi Groupe, and Ashwini Chadda, managing director Espi Industries and Chemicals Pvt Ltd, were among those from the batch who stepped out of college one day and were entrepreneurs the next. \"I will never work for anyone. I will be the employer,\" was Trivedi's resolve, as he drew the blueprint for his business while still in college.\"I started out with only 10 to 12 people. Today, the goods manufactured and supplied by the company is around 500 crore. Every young person should be able to come out of college and start an enterprise. The system and corruption in it doesn't allow you to start an enterprise and you get working for others. Because everyone knows how you will have to pay for a license the minute you set out to start a business,\" Chadda said. He said this situation keeps youngsters who have migrated abroad from returning home as the environment there is much more conducive to start an enterprise.\"Corruption was existent when I started out too, but the politics was not as dirty. It was easier to start a business than it is today. But I am optimistic. The youngsters today are much more confident and have better thinking capacity than in our times. Because of corruption they don't have the freedom to do what they want. But we need people to start small enterprises. It doesn't have to be a huge industry,\" Chadda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564631", "title": "LMC tells students to install hoardings only on LU campus", "text": "LUCKNOW: An enforcement squad of Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) carried out a drive against hoardings and banners put up by student leaders in the state capital on Sunday.Municipal commissioner, Nagendra Prasad Singh said the hoardings in different parts of the city are unauthorised, as they violate Lyngdoh committee observations. The committee had suggested that the students may only put up hand made hoardings and banners, that too, within the premises of the university.Singh said that the outdoor advertising agencies too have been directed not to allow their hoardings to be used by university students contesting university elections. In case of violation, the agency may get a complaint lodged with the respective police station. The Allahabad High Court too had directed the LMC authorities to ensure that the recommendations of the committee are not violated. The directions followed a writ petition 3748(MB)/1998 outdoor advertising agencies vs the state government.Municipal officials said that they had warned the student leaders to get the unauthorised hoardings removed on their own within 24 hours. \"In case that does not happen, the hoardings will be forcibly removed and fine slapped on the student leader,\" said additional municipal commissioner Rakesh Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563280", "title": "Jaya writes to PM demanding entire power from Kudankulam first unit", "text": "CHENNAI: With Tamil Nadu still grappling with power crisis, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday sent a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh stating that the state should get the entire 1000MW power that will be generated from the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP).The loading of fuel in the first reactor is expected to start within a few days.\"I would like to draw your attention to my earlier letters dated March 31, 2012 and April 25, 2012, wherein I have sought your assistance for the allocation of the entire power to be generated from the first unit of 1000MW capacity to Tamil Nadu. To my dismay, no response has so far been received from you,\" Jayalalithaa has stated reiterating her demand at a time when the state is reeling under a demand-supply gap of around 4000 MW.\"I am given to understand that nuclear fuel loading in the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant is to happen within the next few days. May I remind you of my earlier request and expect a quick response? I am sure you will appreciate my state's justified demand in this matter and convey a positive response soon,\" she said.According to the power sharing formula, Tamil Nadu's share in the 2000MW KNPP is 925MW, while the rest of the power generated would be allocated to neighbouring states. Kerala is entitled to get 266MW of power from this plant. Union minister of state for energy K C Venugopal had clarified this in April against the backdrop of Tamil Nadu's demand.Sources in the TN electricity board said fluctuating yields of wind energy in recent months have brought only partial relief to the state although there were indications earlier this year that wind energy would meet 30% of the power requirement of over 12,000MW. The Kudankulam plant in Tirunelveli district, erected with Russian collaboration, has a total power generation capacity of 2000MW from its first two units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15564555", "title": "Integration of power grids by Jan next year: Veerappa Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: The time limit given for the process of integrating the southern power grid with the national power grid has been advanced from December 2014 to January 2014. The process will help five southern states - of Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Karnataka and Puducherry - get their due share of power from the central grid, said Union minister for power M Veerappa Moily said here on Sunday.\"At present, such a scenario is not physically possible,\" he said.Speaking to mediapersons, Moily said the southern grid is not connected to the national grid and hence any surplus power available therein cannot be transferred to southern states. \"The situation was highlighted when a high power review was carried out following the major grid collapse that the nation witnessed earlier this month,\" Moily said, adding there is a need for power stations to be built, which can help facilitate transfer of power to southern states.A major power station is being set up in Raichur and it will in turn be connected to Sholapur in Maharashtra, which is a part of the western power grid. \"The construction of such power stations is a time-consuming process and has been taken up in right earnestness. Moreover, the power allocation to states is being done as per the Gadgil Formula and all chief ministers are fully aware of how the formula works,\" he added.Admitting that Karnataka lacks a major centrally funded power project, Moily said the void is being addressed by way of setting up a 4,000-MW ultra mega power project series at Kudigi in Bijapur. \"Karnataka will get its due share of the power produced at Kudigi as per Gadgil Formula ,\" he said.On the grid failure witnessed in north India, he said there are suitable redressal mechanisms in place including power grid code to check such incidences. The Central Electricity Authority has sufficient powers to punish errant states. \"Escoms and Discoms have been asked to maintain discipline,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore/udhagamandalam", "code": "15564302", "title": "Competition and flash mob to celebrate Photography Day", "text": "COIMBATORE/UDHAGAMANDALAM: A two-day photography competition and workshop for college students in the city, organized by the Coimbatore Press Club, evoked a healthy response besides showcasing some of the city's talent.\"I was in college 20 years ago. But it is good to be back. So much has changed since my youth. The camera which used to be very heavy is now as light as a feather. This allows us more focus on our subject. Meanwhile, the principles of composition and balance have remained the same,\" said SD Vijay Milton, cinematographer for many movies including Kadhal and Vazhakku En 18/9. He said that social media and advanced digital photography have ensured that young cameramen kept up with latest developments in the field.S Deepak, whose picture of three monkeys sitting on a rail near Aliyar dam won the best picture award, said he has been using a Canon 550D camera for over a year. He is a student of Rathinam College of Arts and Science.L Selvaprakash, chief photographer, Time Out, Bangalore, who conducted a two-day workshop for students, said he had focussed on the theoretical aspects of photography more than the practical aspects.Meanwhile, in Ooty, tourists who visited the Government Botanical Garden were in for a surprise. Many boys and girls were found posing while there were others with cameras. It was the 'flash mob' session conducted by students, faculty and alumni of 'Light and Life Academy', the first professional photography institute in India located in Lovedale, to create awareness on World Photography Day.The students guided by the founder of the academy and one of India's leading photographers, Iqbal K Mohamed, captured snapshots at various points on the Commercial Road. Tourists witnessing the flash mob were pleasantly surprised and their reactions were faithfully captured by the photography students. They kept unfolding their flash mob every half a km, thrilling the public.Siddharth Srinivasan, an alumni of the academy and who is now in the industrial advertising field said, \"It is good to be a photographer and I enjoy my profession.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "filing income tax returns is a veritable nightmare for most people. to facilitate matters, the income tax department, m/o finance, goi, has announced a scheme to train a fresh batch of professional tax return preparers (trps) to help small and medium tax payers prepare and file their income tax and huf returns. this opens a window of opportunity for self-employment for 5,000 unemployed /under-employed youth (21-33 years). applicants will be shortlisted for appearing in the enrolment exam on september 23 on the basis of marks obtained at the bachelor's degree level in commerce/law/economics/maths/statistics or management. age", "code": "15564833", "title": "Income tax facilitators", "text": "Filing income tax returns is a veritable nightmare for most people. To facilitate matters, the Income Tax department, M/o Finance, GoI, has announced a scheme to train a fresh batch of professional tax return preparers (TRPs) to help small and medium tax payers prepare and file their income tax and HUF returns. This opens a window of opportunity for self-employment for 5,000 unemployed /under-employed youth (21-33 years). Applicants will be shortlisted for appearing in the enrolment exam on September 23 on the basis of marks obtained at the Bachelor's degree level in commerce/law/economics/maths/statistics or management. Age: 21-35 years (DoB: On or after April 1, 1977). The IT department will offer free training and study material comprising 15 days of self-study and 11 days of classroom-sessions . Upon successfully completing the training and clearing the assessment exam, you'll receive a certificate and a unique identification number authorising you (under the IT Act 1961) to work as a self-employed Tax Return Preparer. You will also be entitled to subsequent support through an online 'Knowledge Portal' and 'Help Desk' to prepare and file returns. Apply online on the TRPS website: www.trpscheme .com. August 20 is the last day.German delightAfter completing my graduation in electronics and a certificate course in German, I have enrolled for diploma from DU. I want to take up a short-term course, which will keep me preoccupied throughout the week. Are thereany short-term courses in German? I want to work as a German teacher or translator. How should I proceed? Swathi VishwanathIf you would you like to teach German in a school, college or a professional language institute, Ignou in collaboration with the Goethe-Institut /Max Mueller Bhavan and the University of Vienna offers a diploma in teaching German as a foreign language. The second batch commenced their studies in January 2012. The eligibility for this German language teachers' training programme via distance-learning is a Bachelors' degree in any subject plus knowledge of German (Level B1 'Zertifikat Deutsch' or higher ). The four-module course combines the advantages of self-study in distance mode, contact classes and workshops with practical training of 240 hrs at a partner school. For more information, e-mail to renub@ignou.ac.inForiegn shoresWhat is the difference between doing MS in finance in the US and the UK? Which exams should I take if I want to pursue my Masters in either of these countries? Radhika UppalA Masters programme in finance is the equivalent of an MBA-finance , focussing purely on finance subjects, without papers and subjects in marketing, general management, human resources , strategy. A Masters in finance programme is usually a one-year programme in the UK, while in the US it could vary between one and two years. The title of the course may also differ. In the UK, it will usually be an 'MSc in finance' (all courses with a significant math component get classified as science subjects while in the US it will be a 'Masters in finance' or a 'MS in finance.') You can choose to specialise in areas such as investment analysis, computational finance, financial modelling, financial economics, financial risk management, etc. To apply for such programmes, you will need to take the GRE regardless of whether you are applying to a US or UK university. Along with this, you would need to submit your 'Statement of Purpose' (SoP), academic transcripts and letters of recommendation, if asked for. From your query it appears you are doing a three-year undergraduate programme. This may prove to be somewhat of a hindrance when applying to the US, as they follow a fouryear undergraduate study system and most of the better courses also ask for additional work experience. There is no such issue when applying to the UK.Health managementI am pursuing final year of my BPharm. I want to pursue MBA in healthcare management after graduation. I'll take an education loan for postgraduation. Can you suggest institutes/universities that offer courses in the range of Rs 2-3 lakh that can help me get a placement in a good hospital? Aviral Khanna", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15565113", "title": "Man kills 7-yr-old disabled daughter", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A seven-year-old physically-challenged girl was brutally murdered by her father in front of her mother and four sisters at their home at Singhawala village near Ambala Cantonment area on Sunday morning.Neel Pal, 50, waited for the police at his house to surrender. Cops found the victim, Rajni, lying in a pool of blood, with her throat slit with a sword.Sadar police arrested Pal, a carpenter, and booked him for the murder. Rajni's mother Harjeet Kaur said, \"He was mentally disturbed after the birth of Rajni.\" According to her, when Pal came home around 9am, he was carrying a sword. He took Rajni to another room and slit her throat. Her four sisters tried to stop him but in vain.DSP Purnima Singh said Pal has confessed to the crime. \"There was no sign of remorse on his face.\"Sukhwinder Singh, a relative of the family, said Pal was reeling under financial problems and he was a superstitious man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564762", "title": "'Reds' attack 4 women for not paying 'levy'", "text": "RANCHI: Suspected Maoists attacked the house of one Tilakdhari Sahu at a village in Palkot on the night of July 30 after they refused to pay 'levy' of Rs 50,000.After receiving the extortion demand, the male members of the family fled leaving behind the women and children thinking the rebels will not attack them. However, when the Maoists came to collect the money, they shot at and injured four female members of the household present. All four are presently undergoing treatment at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) .\"Maoists claim they never attack women and children. But a group of 25 to 30 Maoists attacked our house and fired indiscriminately even though all male members had fled earlier,\" said Renu Kumari who is undergoing treatment at RIMS. Others injured in the attack were Baltorni Devi, Kaushlya Devi and a minor girl, Kshanma.Hulash Sahu, a member of the Sahu family, said the rebels had initially demanded Rs 60,000. \"We were able to pay only Rs 10,000 and tried to explain to about the our poverty. They were not willing to listen to us. On July 30, the Maoists attacked out house at around 9 pm,\" said Hulash, who also helps his father in running the family business.Palkot police station OC Pradeep Chowdhary said the attack was carried out by suspected rebels. Doctors attending the victims at RIMS said the minor girl had been discharged. \"All of the others will be fine and discharged soon,\" a doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569643", "title": "A filmi do", "text": "Tollywood bigwigs were spotted making their way to wish the cast and crew of the upcoming flick, Kaalicharan. The muhurat saw leading man Chaitanya Krishna and and co-star Chandini pose for the shutterbugs. Director Praveen Sri was spotted interacting with industry folks.spotted: Allu Aravind, Tammreddy Bharadwaja, Sundeep Kishan among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15563766", "title": "Amritsar girls script comeback", "text": "LUDHIANA: The U-13 girls category witnessed one of the most close finishes at Mahindra NBA Challenge so far, as Amritsar scripted a thrilling comeback to beat Gymkhana Club by a point on Sunday. Gymkhana Club were in a good position at the halfway mark leading 11-8, but Amritsar girls fought back in the second half of the game to win it 23-22.The top scorer, however, was Lavpreet from Gymkhana Club with 15 points. Gymkhana Club senior women made amends by winning their match against DAV College, Amritsar, by a convincing 40-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568178", "title": "Allu Arjun excited about Puri\u2019s script", "text": "By now, we know that stylish star Allu Arjun will be teaming up with director Puri Jagannath in his next film titled Iddarammayila Tho. And the actor is all kicked up about the script and can't wait for the shoot to begin.Apparently, Puri has just finished narrating the final version of script Allu Arjun, and according to sources, Arjun is all excited on listening to the script. Iddarammayila Tho movie would formally go on the floors from September 20.Allu Arjun, who is currently basking in the glory of his latest hit Julayi, is quite prepared to experiement with different scripts and has recently given the green signal to Puri's final version. Bandla Ganesh Babu would be producing the film under Parameswara Arts and Devi Sri Prasad would be composing the music.As the title suggests, the film has two heroines and the makers have not confirmed any name till now. Also, this would be the first time Allu Arjun romancing with two heroines since all his earlier films have only one female lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563307", "title": "4 Shiv Sena men held for assaulting NCP activist", "text": "MUMBAI: Four Shiv Sena party workers were arrested by the MHB Colony police on Friday for assaulting NCP activist Dhananjay Chavan in Borivali (West) on August 6 over a Janmashtami banner. They were later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "15564004", "title": "Rs 57L unaccounted cash seized from jeep", "text": "AURANGABAD: Three people, including the manager of a courier service, were arrested after the police seized Rs 57 lakh of unaccounted money being transported to the city from Jalna on Sunday.The men were nabbed in front of the SFS High School on Jalna road on a tip-off received by deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Arvind Chawaria.The jeep's occupants, Ramlal Motilal Parmar (36), a resident of Old Mondha, Jalna, and Sanjay Prabhakar Pakhre (32) of Ramnagar, Christi Camp, Jalna, were questioned and the jeep searched. Bundles of notes were found in a gunny bag. \"They were taken to the office of the DCP, Zone II, where the police found that the bundles contained Rs 57 lakh in notes of Rs 1,000, 500 and 100 denominations,'' Chawaria said.Later, the duo confessed that they were taking the consignment to Vishnubhai Jivrambhai Patel (53), the manager of a courier service company, which has its headquarters in Ahmedabad. Patel lives at Gulmandi in Aurangabad.\"We strongly suspect the cash to be havala money. The men will be produced in court so that their remand can be sought,\" Chawaria said.Aurangabad: The city police, in the early hours of Sunday, seized unaccounted cash of Rs 57 lakh which was being transported to the city from Jalna. Three persons including manager of a courier service have been arrested in this connection.Police said that the deputy commissioner of police (Zone II) Arvind Chawaria, on Saturday evening received a tip off that unaccounted cash, suspected to be havala money, would be transported to Aurangabad from Jalna in a white jeep late on Saturday night or earlier hours of Sunday.Chawaria communicated the information to the commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar and under his guidance laid a trap on Jalna road. The policemen, led by DCP Chawaria, assistant commissioner of police Vijay Pawar, inspector Hemant Kadam of Jawahar Colony police and PSI Mukund Palwe, stopped the jeep in front of the SFS High School on Jalna road, as they had the specific information description of the vehicle.In the presence of witnesses they questioned the jeep's two occupants Ramlal Motilal Parmar (36), a resident of Old Mondha, Jalna and Sanjay Prabhakar Pakhre (32) of Ramnagar, Christi Camp Jalna.When the duo didn't give satisfactory replies as to where they were going and what exactly they were carrying, the police searched the jeep to find a bunny bag hidden beneath the seats. The bag contained three bundles of notes of different sizes. The duo also failed to explain as to what the bundles contained. They were taken to the office of the DCP, Zone II, where the police found that the bundles contained cash of Rs 57 lakh cash in Rs 1000, 500 and 100 denominations,'' Chawaria told TOI.Later, the duo confessed that they were taking the consignment to Vishnubhai Jivrambhai Patel (53), a resident of Mehsana district, Gujarat who was presently staying at Samadhan Chambers at Gulmandi inAurangabad. Patel is the manager of a prominent courier service company, having its headquarters at Ahmedabad and branches in many cities. We strongly suspect it to be havala money. the police would produce three people before the court to seek their remand, to interrogate the suspects,'' Chawaria added. The police have also seized the jeep worth Rs 5 lakh, which was used to transport the unaccounted money, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564764", "title": "All formalities for appointment of acid victim complete", "text": "RANCHI: Keeping the promise made by chief minister Arjun Munda , the state home department has completed the paperwork for the appointment of acid attack victim Sonali Mukherjee. The department completed the formalities after getting a detailed report on the attack from the Dhanbad district administration.Confirming the development, principal home secretary J B Tubid said the formalities have been completed by the department on directives from the chief minister. Depending on her educational qualification and physical abilities, Sonali will be appointed and posted to a suitable job.\"The department is waiting for Sonali to submit her certificates and join service. She has gone for treatment after meeting the chief minister. The moment she submits her certificates, we will give her the appointment letter. We want to post her at a place which suits her best,\" said TubidSonali became complete blind and partially deaf after an acid attack by three youths in 2003. Her face was also badly burnt. Since then, Sonali has been running from pillar to post for justice and she met the chief minister with a request for a suitable job.The ordeal of Sonali, who is now 27-year-old, started when she was just a teenager and was very active in National Cadet Corps (NCC). As a teenager, Sonali was allegedly harassed for years by youths from her neighbourhood. When she opposed their overture, the three accused attacked her with acid. At present, all the accused are out of jail and are even threatening her family of dire consequences.In the last decade, Sonali's family members have kept visiting hospitals for treatment, spending their entire life's savings and selling their ancestral land. Just before meeting the chief minister, Sonali had approached Union minister for women and child development Krishna Tirath for help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15569131", "title": "App that gives 'knocked-up makeover' causes controversy", "text": "MELBOURNE: An iPhone app that cheekily claims to \"impregnate anyone you meet simply by taking a photo of them\" has been attacked by family planning groups as irresponsible.The Australia-developed iPhone app allows users to mark up the image by simply pressing a button.The app, which has already skyrocketed to number one in the entertainment category in the Australian stores, digitally alters images to give subjects the appearance of being nine months' pregnant.According to Angus Mullane, from Appy Dude, who developed the app, hundreds of users are already posting pregnant photos of themselves on Facebook to \"scare\" their friends and family, the 'Sydney Morning Herald' reported.\"Knocked App means you can meet someone and conceive with them with just the press of a button,\" the app boasts.\"We really just wanted to give people a laugh. It's had an amazing response. It's all over Facebook with teenage girls scaring their mums and stuff like that,\" Mullane said.\"It's really just about getting girls to have a laugh and see what they're going to look like with a bump and also kind of sending it to their mums and saying 'whoops,\" he added.But family planning groups have called for the app to be withdrawn from sale.\"I think it's absolutely dreadful,\" said Joanne Ramadge, chief executive officer of Sexual Health and Family Planning Australia.\"Teenage pregnancy is an extremely serious issue and to treat it in such a trivial way is not a considered or helpful approach... Teenage pregnancy causes quite a lot of distress and problems for young people and their families and it should not be treated in such a light-hearted way,\" she noted.Ramadge cautioned that it could be used as a form of cyber-bullying.\"For someone who is out to bully this could be very easily used to make someone look as if they're pregnant and dispersed in a way that could be quite horrifying and devastating for some people,\" she stated.Though Mullane defended the app as \"tongue-in-cheek,\" he admitted it could attract some controversy.\"We definitely knew that some people would dislike it and some people would love it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15565026", "title": "Father-son duo held for selling govt plots", "text": "MADURAI: A father-son duo was arrested for selling free plots given by the state government under various schemes in Madurai. Police have also seized fake pattas and government seals from the duo.Police said that V Pandian of Kodangi Theruku Theru in Tiruparankunram had bought a piece of land from Surulimalai (53), a resident of Om Sakthi Nagar in Nilayur. Pandian failed to inquire about the veracity of the land documents provided by Surulimalai and was shocked to find that he was duped. Surulimalai had allegedly faked the patta of the land that was originally given free of cost to beneficiaries of government schemes that should not be sold.When he approached Surulimalai, the latter failed to give a convincing reply and subsequently Pandian lodged a complaint with the police.Police arrested Surulimalai as well as his son Karuppasamy (18) for faking the land documents and selling it. Investigations have revealed that Surulimalai with the help of his son had faked the patta of 63 such plots and have sold 50 of them to as many persons for Rs 15,000 per plot. The fake pattas for the remaining 13 plots were seized from his house. tnnPolice said that Surulimalai had also forged the signature of government officials. As news of the fraud by Surulimalai spread , B Rajendran, a resident of the same locality lodged a complaint with the police that he was also duped. Police are investigating whether Surulimalai had sold government lands in a similar manner elsewhere", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15564721", "title": "Out of Nagarahole, tiger holes up in cane field", "text": "MYSORE: A tiger ventured out of the woods and hid itself in a sugarcane field, setting off panic among villagers near the Nagarahole National Park.Though forest department personnel feel that the tiger would return to the wild soon, they have placed a cage about 400 m from Metikuppe range to trap the animal as a precautionary measure.The big cat is believed to have attacked cattle on Friday but escaped when some labourers raised an alarm. However, it returned to the same location within 48 hours. The tiger was sighted at Dasanapura, 50 km from Mysore. Chikkaninge Gowda, a landlord who spotted the pugmarks in the sugarcane field, alerted the forest department. \"It has not harmed anybody on Sunday and we are trying to cage it,\" additional principal chief conservator of forests, B J Hosamath, told TOI.Biologist D V Girish of the Bhadra Wildlife Conservation Trust told TOI that the tiger could have been forced to hunt outside the wild to establish a territory. He said the tiger, if undisturbed, will go back to the wild. Conservator of forests, Nagarahole, Kumar Pushkar said tigers \u2014 mostly male cubs aged 2 or above \u2014 come out of the forest in search of new territory or food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564000", "title": "Accept school-level exam results: CBSE", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is writing to all state governments to accept its school-based examination results for admission to Class XI courses. This is to ensure that students who opt for this examination system are not put at disadvantage if they wish to shift to state syllabus.\"On analysis of the data of last two years, we found that there's no difference in the results of the two examinations (board and school-based examination). We are now writing to all states to accept the school-based examination results for admission to Class XI state syllabus schools as it is on a par with Board results,\" says CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi.Recently, the Teachers Club at Kolenchery had filed a petition challenging the admissions of CBSE students, who passed Class X through the school-based examinations, to the Class XI in schools run by the higher secondary directorate, in the Kerala high court. They contended that at present it is mandatory for students who wish to move out of CBSE after Class X to appear for Board examination.However, CBSE believes that if they can convince the state governments to accept school-based examination results, thousands of students would be benefited. CBSE studies reveal that in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Maharashtra, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh, nearly 80% students leave CBSE and join state board after Class X. \"We don't want any student to be put at disadvantage just because he had appeared for school-based exam. We are convinced about the accuracy of school-based examination results, as the Board imposes several checks and balances to ensure transparency and accuracy in conducting these examinations,\" says Joshi.Aimed at de-stressing students appearing for Board examinations, Union minister for human resources development Kapil Sibal had in 2009 announced that CBSE Class X board examinations would be optional and those studying in senior secondary schools (up to class XII) were given the option to opt for school-based examination if they wished to continue with CBSE. Students in schools up to secondary level or Class X had to continue taking the Board examinations.However, from this academic year, CBSE decided to extend the option even to schools up to the secondary level. \"This year we are extending the option of dual examinations even to schools up to the secondary level and students studying in 4,000-odd schools will now have the choice to opt for Board or school-based examination,\" says Joshi. Regardless of the examination system, students who pass out of CBSE-affiliated schools are issued the same certificate by the Board. The syllabus for both examinations is prescribed by the Board and they are conducted based on question papers sent/vetted by the Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564628", "title": "Mulayam has all abilities to become prime minister: SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party on Sunday said its party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has all the abilities to become the prime minister after 2014 Lok Sabha elections. On Saturday, Mulayam had stated that a Third Front will emerge as the majority choice over a non-Congress and non-BJP coalition at the Centre.\"Mulayam Singh Yadavji has everything it takes to become not only the prime minister but one of the most successful ones till date as well,\" SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary told TOI. Political observers interpreted Chaudhary's statement as a well planned move to pave the way for the formation of SP-led Third Front. \"I see it coming up formally within the next couple of months,\" said one of them.A few days ago, BJP leader LK Advani too had predicted that there will be a non-Congress and non-BJP prime minister after next general elections. Though after mounting pressure within and outside the BJP, Advani had stated that his statement was misinterpreted.Mulayam too on Saturday predicted that SP was sure to dominate the Third Front as it was likely to be the single largest party in the formation. \"The situation prevailing in the country at present indicates that the two national parties - the Congress and the BJP - will not be able to win enough seats in the Lok Sabha elections to form the government at the Centre,\" Mulayam had said while addressing party workers in Lucknow on Saturday. \"In comparison, the smaller parties are in a better position to win elections in many states,\" he said, suggesting that such a situation will eventually lead to the formation of the Third Front.With 22 seats in Lok Sabha at present, Mulayam said the party will automatically emerge as a driving force towards formation of a Third Front if SP manages to secure 60 or more seats in 2014 polls. SP sources said Mulayam is not only banking on 80 parliamentary seats of Uttar Pradesh. The party is sure to contest in a big way in Maharashtra, Delhi, West Bengal , Uttarakhand , Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and Jammu and Kashmir.In the event of a Third Front being formed, the SP is sure benefit in most of these states if it manages to rope in the regional parties which play a pivotal role in the assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15567788", "title": "BSNL to hive off telecom tower business; to issue tender for consultant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom PSU BSNL is considering hiving off its telecom tower infrastructure into a separate company and will float a tender this week for appointment of a consultant to suggest the business roadmap.\"We are exploring opportunity to bring our tower business under separate company for optimum utilisation. In this regard, BSNL will issue expression of interest this week to appoint consultant that will suggest us the roadmap,\" BSNL chairman and managing director RK Upadhyay told PTI.He added that company has around 70,000 towers and it will explore various business models that can realise value of its infrastructure.The plan to hive off BSNL tower business into a separate entity is in line with recommendation made by Sam Pitroda Committee for revamping business of the PSU whose profit started declining from Rs 10,183 crore in 2004-05 before showing a loss in 2009-10.The Committee has suggested to form separate \"subsidiary company for tower-related infrastructure to aggressively market to other public and private sector customers and unlock whole/substantial potential value through strategic stake sale, mergers and acquisition or separate IPO (Initial Public Offer).\"\"Mobile telephony started in 1996. BSNL got permit after five years in 2001 to start it. Within a year, BSNL acquired top position. Through reforms, we are striving to regain our leadership position,\" Upadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "riyadh", "code": "15569934", "title": "Buying fake Twitter followers a 'sin': Saudi cleric", "text": "RIYADH: A Saudi cleric has said that adding fraudulent followers to your Twitter account is a sin. Senior Islamic scholar Sheikh Abdullah said that purchasing followers to boost your Twitter popularity is a 'lie and slander'.According to the New York Daily News , Abdullah's comments appear to be aimed at a common practice among celebrities and religious figures in Saudi Arabia , who add fake followers to increase their popularity.Saudi companies reportedly charge between 70 and 270 dollars for adding up to 10,000 new fake followers to a Twitter account, the report said.According to the report, Abdullah said: \"Thou shalt not pay for faux followers on Twitter. Not only is it a 'lie and a slander,' and thus a sin\".The Sabq piece has also been supported by a mental health expert in the country.\"A person who pays money for the sake of increasing the number of followers has a weak and disturbed personality, and is unable to achieve that feat by any other means,\" psychologist Dr Talal Thaqafi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15565429", "title": "56% women face assault in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: About 50% women in Bihar are subjected to domestic violence at home and pregnant women are the worst sufferers, according to the State Commission for Women. The main reasons behind it include the desire for male child, resistance to female foeticide and denial of physical intimacy. A large number of males also beat up their wives during pregnancy.According to National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) figures for last year, 56% women in the state between the age of 15 and 49 years are subjected to physical and sexual violence. Bihar ranked second in the country, behind Uttar Pradesh, in kidnapping cases, dowry deaths and dowry-related crimes against women in the year 2011.NCRB records show that women in Bihar tend to marry at an early age. Thirty-eight per cent of women get married between 15-19 years.Sources said less than one per cent domestic violence cases are reported to police. Domestic violence also includes domestic abuse, spousal abuse, family violence, and intimate partner violence (IPV), and can be broadly defined as a pattern of abusive behaviour by one or both partners in an intimate relationship such as marriage, dating, family or friends.According to Chandramukhi Devi, member of the State Commission for Women, women should be made aware of legal provisions to protect themselves. She added that aggressive males should also be counselled.City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant, said, \"Majority of women in Bihar still marry before reaching the legal eligible age of 18 years. In cases of domestic violence, we try to counsel the couples first, but if police find the level of violence has crossed the limit, action is taken.\"According to police records, around 150 cases of violence against women get registered with different police stations every month in Patna district. After the creation of Patna Mahila thana on June 3 this year, only five cases have been registered. The Mahila thana officials said, \"Initially, many women came to the police station, but later they got hesitant and despite all odds, decided to stay with their husbands due to financial insecurity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567517", "title": "Vishwajeet looking for a challenging role", "text": "His character SSP Brahmanand Jakhar gave goosebumps to people who watched his daily soap, Maryada on TV. In his two year stint on TV, Vishwajeet Pradhan, who played the character, became a household name. In the show he ill treated and used women for his own pleasure.  The show became so popular that he was known by his character's name in his real life too. His popularity wasn't limited to India, but crossed all over US, UK, Canada and across the globe.And now after making a mark in the Hindi serial he has got back to films. Recently, he worked in the film Kya Dilli Kya Lahore , where he acted as a Pakistani Captain. So, why did he opt for movies after a such a hit serial, Maryada and not any other soap? He says, \"After two years in TV, I realised that I need a break from 9 to 5 routine work. I just wanted to explore and get back to movies for a while. So, right now I am happy working in movies including Sher in Jaipur, The Saturday Night which we will shoot in Goa next week.\"Though he is busy with films at the moment his heart is in TV and plans to come back to small screen soon. \"I am getting offers for TV shows almost every day . I am choosy for the kind of show I will take up. And if it is a challenging role, then I will soon decide to come on TV. As I have quite enjoyed my experience on TV,\" says Vishwajeet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563920", "title": "Road rage: Casualties rising as traffic modernization project gets delayed", "text": "VARANASI: While the highways and roads of this backward region of east UP continues to prove big killer zone, the fate of traffic modernization project, a project of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's priority, is hanging in balance.After assuming his office, the CM had made his priorities clear among, which the emphasis was also laid on traffic modernization plan. In view of that traffic directorate had sought proposals from all the zone offices of the police. If the sources are to be believed the Varanasi zone office of state police had forwarded a proposal of Rs 2.5 crores to the traffic directorate on June 16. As the directorate asked to send the proposal on prioritized works for traffic modernization, a revised proposal of Rs one crore was forwarded again in July last. However, as no other zone could send its proposal to the directorate in this regard, said the sources adding, that no decision could be taken on the proposal of Varanasi zone.As the proposal is pending at higher level no local authority is ready to make any comment on this issue. When TOI tried to take stock of the road accidents and casualties in road mishaps, it became very clear that more than even dreaded criminal, the highways and roads of this region are proving the biggest killers. The records of Varanasi range office of police showed that the number of persons died in criminal attacks from January 1 to July 31 in the four districts was 99. In comparison to it 338 persons lost their lives in the road mishaps on the highways and other roads of the range. Though the number of road mishaps and casualties has reduced in first seven months of current calendar year if compared to the records of past four years, the traffic scene is still alarming.When the DIG Range A Satish Ganesh was contacted he said that by initiating some measures the number of road mishaps can be reduced. Some of the same measures had been included in the proposal forwarded to the traffic directorate to consider under traffic modernization plan. In their proposal the cops have sought radium glow sign boards, radium coated jackets, signal torches, collapsible grill barriers and fixed barriers, delineators, close circuit television cameras and digital video cameras, tint meters and many other equipments from the directorate. The DIG said that utilization of these equipments can help in reducing the possibility of road mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563148", "title": "Gujarat-wide hunt for lost children from other states", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A state-wide hunt for missing children from other states who are working at menial jobs in Gujarat has been launched by CID (Crime) officials. The CID top brass has sent a missive to all police stations in the state to hunt for these children, especially those who work as servants in homes or offices.Gujarat police officials have been asked to begin by first evaluating housing societies which have more than 75 persons living. With the help of office bearers of the housing societies, they are to prepare a list of children below the age of 14 who work as domestic servants.R J Sawani, DIG CID (Crime) said: \"We are going to track down children below 14 years who are working in factories or homes. With the help of labour department officials we shall ensure that children are sent back to their respective homes.\"\"We have also asked the policemen to ascertain whether the children are staying with their families in the city or they have escaped from home. If we track down such children who have been missing from their homes in other states, then it is our duty to ensure that they return home safely. All information regarding these missing kids should be sent to CID,\" said a CID official.Police officials said that children belonging to poor families are often sold to work as domestic servants. If such cases are tracked down then the employers shall also be booked for human trafficking.Train best means for escaping kidstimes news networkAhmedabad: Train is preferred by all children who escape home. This fact has emerged from questioning missing children who have been tracked down by the Gujarat police and brought back home.\"Most of the children who we have sent back to their homes have told us that they had boarded trains without a ticket and with very little money,\" said a CID official.To tackle this problem effectively, special missing children's squads have been constituted by the Government Railway Police and stationed at four railway stations in Gujarat - Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat and Rajkot. The GRP teams have been asked to carry out on-board checking in all trains and also video tape the exercise.The video recordings will be sent to CID (Crime) in Gandhinagar every week. \"The video clippings and data will be saved for use later,\" said a CID official. This campaign will also be supported by railway ticket checkers and Railway Protection Force jawans. They will help the GRP officials in keeping a check on runaway kids who have either fled home or are being taken away to bigger cities by touts who have made false promises to them.CID officials have also recommended that the CCTV camera network in railway stations needs to be upgraded with immediate effect. \"The CCTV cameras installed at railway stations are often ineffective in getting details like features of people who are caught on tape ,\" said a CID official. The Gujarat police have advised the Western Railways to use cameras with higher resolution that will help them identify even those who are standing at a distance from the camera.\"The superintendents of police in GRP have been asked to hold weekly meetings on the issue and to coordinate with the railway authorities,\" said CID officials.--", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15570067", "title": "Averted northern grid failure today: UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government today said the state has averted the failure of the northern grid, as electricity supplies were timely cut to certain districts.\"We timely succeeded in averting grid failure by cutting power supply to some districts,\" principal secretary energy AK Gupta told reporters.The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL) averted the failure this morning, at around 1000 hrs, when the grid frequency dropped to around 48.8, he said.The frequency -- generally referred to as the intensity at which electricity is supplied -- is to be normally in the range of 49.7 to 50.2.According to Gupta, the incident took place even as Uttar Pradesh was under-drawing 588 MW electricity. He said the situation developed probably due to shut down of three power plants in Himachal Pradesh that resulted in supply shortage of around 3,000 MW. However, further details were not provided.Gupta also said that timely action by the UPPCL was appreciated by officials of Power Grid Corp. The incident comes within three weeks after the northern grid tripped for two straight days on July 30 and July 31.One of the largest grids, it covers nine regions -- Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, J&K; and Chandigarh.India has five electricity grids -- northern, eastern, north eastern, southern and western. All of them are inter- connected, except the Southern grid. All the grids are being run by the state-owned Power Grid Corporation, which operates more than 95,000 circuit km of transmission lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563467", "title": "More than 1,000 left Chennai; northeast Exodus coming down", "text": "CHENNAI: The exodus of people leaving for the northeast continued, but the numbers were lower on Sunday, Southern Railway officials said.The railways did not operate special trains as most people were accommodated in additional unreserved compartments attached to the regular services. It added three coaches to Thiruvananthapuram-Shalimar Express which left at 10.25am on Sunday after more than 800 people assembled on the platform. Passengers were allowed to travel in the railway mail service coaches, which usually carries only post. \"This is a temporary arrangement. The ticketing trend has already come down,\" said the official.More than 400 passengers boarded the Bangalore-Chennai-Patna Sangamithra Express that departed at 3.35pm and carried about 400 passengers bound for different northeast destinations. About 300 passengers reached Central station on Sunday evening and railway police accommodated them in a train bound for Howrah at 11.40pm. \"The train already has 24 coaches. That's the maximum , we can't add anymore,\" he added.Officials said special trains are run based on ticketing trends. As many passengers take tickets from other stations, the railways could not estimate the exact number of passengers. Many passengers living in other cities came to Chennai hoping they would get connecting trains.On Sunday, about 200 people from Coimbatore and 30 from Trivandrum came to Chennai Central. \"We will be travelling to Vijayawada. From there we will board a train to Guwahati,\" said Thanglalson, an Assamese labourer from Coimbatore. People who had gathered at Chennai Central said they had not received any messages or threat calls. \"But we are scared. We want to leave because others are leaving,\" said a passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15564243", "title": "Special trains bring more NE natives to city", "text": "GUWAHATI: The exodus of people from the northeast from southern states is showing no signs of relenting with hundreds more arriving in the city from Bangalore, Hyderabad and Secunderabad for the fifth consecutive day on Sunday.On Sunday morning, the first special train arrived here from Bangalore carrying over 1000 people. Later during the day, another special train from that city reached Guwahati. A train from Howrah also arrived in the afternoon.To help cater to the needs of people from different states and to help them reach their respective homes, a special help desk was set up at Guwahati railway station. There were help desks set up for students and employees from Arunachal Pardesh, Nagaland and Manipur to enable them catch special busses arranged by the state government to take them to their respective destinations.\"The desks were set following exodus of people from different parts of the country, mostly from Bangalore, Pune and Hyderabad. We are arranging buses and private vehicles as well depending on the passengers. They only have to pay normal fare. We started the service from August 17. Till now, we have catered to the needs of more than 60 people from Nagaland,\" said an official of Nagaland House working for the help desk.On Sunday, more trains are expected to leave Guwahati for Bangalore to carry passengers from there. \"By evening, we are expecting some trains to leave Guwahati railway station for Bangalore and Howrah as well. Help desks have been set up for the passengers and different groups and organizations are working in tandem to help the tired passengers with food and water,\" said the deputy station manager of Guwahati.\"There were around 32 Manipuris among passengers who arrived here. They were mostly students and they arrived by the Lokmanya Tilak Express from Pune. When I spoke to them, they told me that there were some miscreants who threatened them and they had to leave Pune out of fear. There are buses that will take them to Imphal,\" said an employee of Manipur government working for the special help desk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564778", "title": "Efforts on to curb illegal mining in state", "text": "RANCHI: Concerned over illegal transportation of minerals through dense forests located on the Jharkhand- Odisha border, the state governments are planning to impose restrictions on plying of heavy vehicles in forests. The two governments are also planning to map such routes to indicate places where low height barricades need to be erected to keep heavy vehicles away from the forests.The officials will also discuss the possibility of digging trenches on roads which are used to transport ore from illegally mining.State deputy mining secretary SK Soren said efforts to curb illegal mining would be discussed between officials of Jharkhand and Odisha at the second inter-state coordination committee meeting later to be held on August 21 at Keonjhar in Odisha.\"All senior officials of Jharkhand and Odisha will attend the meeting,\" said Soren adding that the first such meeting was held in February.Sources in the state mining department said while both states would exchange smuggling status on either sides of the border, the meeting would take a decision on mapping of forest routes generally used by mafia for illegal transportation of minerals.Police officials of the two states would also participate in the meeting as they have a major role to play in checking the menace.\"We are planning to allow movement of heavy vehicles only on routes recommended by the transport departments of the two states. We will also set up unified check gates at some of the important locations including Murgabeda, Nalda in Keonjhar district and Tiring in Mayurbhanj district of Odisha and Jareikela in West Singbhum district of Jharkhand,\" said a source adding that they will also take a decision on a proposal to shift the existing forest check posts at Bisra in Sundergarh district of Odisha to Jareikela in West Singhbhum district.The check posts will be manned by officials of mining, forest, commercial taxes and transport departments from both the states,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563628", "title": "Bandh in Churu to protest stone pelting at MLA's house", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after some youths pelted stones at the residence of BJP MLA Rajendra Rathore during an Iftaar party in Churu, traders association of Churu and Taranagar observed a bandh on Sunday to demand action against the miscreants.Churu police has arrested eight persons for allegedly throwing stones at the MLA's residence. Rathore is an MLA from Taranagar (Churu) constituency.Following the declaration of results of students' union elections on Saturday evening, some miscreants, mostly students, threw stones at the MLA's residence which left 12 persons, including seven rozedaars, injured.As tension mounted in the area, extra police was deployed in Churu and Taranagar to avoid any clashes. Rathore too appealed to the students and residents of his constituency to maintain peace and order during the bandh.\"I think the NSUI members were sheltered by the police as they did this act under the patronage of the police,\" Rathore alleged.According to the police, one Harsh Lamba, an NSUI candidate, got elected as the president at a government college election. Lamba and his supporters during a victory rally pelted stones at the MLA's residence.\"We have arrested eight youths for disturbing peace. The minority cell of BJP and the traders union have given us a memorandum to arrest those who were behind the ruckus. After our assurance, the traders opened their shop in the afternoon,\" said Om Prakash , SP, Churu.Meanwhile, six roadways buses were damaged and two motorcyles set ablaze in a clash between two students' groups in Karauli district on Sunday.Following the results of the students' union elections, supporters of one Hari Gujjar, who lost the presidential seat to Ramveer Meena in Karauli Government College, started pelting stones at the rival group late on Saturday, police said.On Sunday, the group again clashed with the winning candidate's supporters and damaged state roadways buses. Police reached the spot and dispersed the students but by then, they had set ablaze two motorcycles and damaged buses, police said. Seventeen people have been arrested for the nuisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563231", "title": "Has IIT staffer washed away crucial evidence?", "text": "MUMBAI: Did the IIT-Bombay staffer arrested for allegedly misbehaving with a 28-year-old final-year PhD researcher on August 11 wash away crucial evidence after he allegedly served sedative-laden coffee to the victim before the matter could be taken to the police?Accused S V Rajan (56) was arrested two days after the alleged incident. After taking down the statements of eyewitnesses, all of whom mentioned seeing used cups in Rajan's drawing room, cops had gone back to the cottage for the second time on Wednesday to collect evidence. \"But by then the cups used by the victim and Rajan had been washed, wiping out crucial evidence in the case,\" a police officer said\"The second search was carried out as Rajan was not ready to cooperate with us,\" said senior inspector B Bhosale.\"The victim's colleagues said they had seen her lying unconscious on the bed in Rajan's home when they made him open the main door. They said they had seen the cups on the table when they entered his house. The cup was later found washed,\" an investigating officer said. The officer said a police team met the victim on August 16 to reconstruct the sequence of events. \"The victim had been admitted to the IIT hospital after getting discharged from Rajawadi Hospital. She suspects that the accused has raped her and thus needs counseling. She is still not ready to undergo a physical test to ascertain whether she was sexually assaulted,\" said the officer.The incident occurred on August 11, when the victim met Rajan at the badminton court inside the IIT-B campus. Rajan reportedly had been inviting the victim to his house for coffee for the last six months, which her colleagues knew.\"She finally agreed and went to Rajan's quarters around 9.15am on August 11. Later, the victim called her fiance in Hyderabad in a semi-conscious state and gave unclear information about what had happened to her. He called her colleagues and asked them to find out where she was,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "beed (maharashtra)", "code": "15564326", "title": "Gopinath Munde\u2019s brother booked after man dies in procession", "text": "BEED (MAHARASHTRA): A case has been filed against Pandit Anna Munde, the elder brother of BJP leader Gopinath Munde , following the death of a 70-year-old man during Pola festivities in Nathra village of Parli tehsil here, police said on Sunday.On Friday, during Pola, a bull-worshipping festival celebrated by farmers, one Nivrutti Munde died during a crowded procession at the event.Pandit Anna, the father of BJP MLC Dhananjay Munde, had reportedly fired in air during the procession.While it was suspected that the victim was gored by a bull, the postmortem report which came on Saturday mentioned that he died of a \"penetrating wound in the neck\", Parli police said.On Saturday, Parli police booked Munde under Section 304 of the IPC and Arms Act after a complaint was lodged against him by the deceased's son, Beed superintendent of police Dattatray Mandlik said, adding that Munde has not been arrested yet.The SP, however, did not clarify whether Pandit Anna had been booked for culpable homicide or causing death by negligence.Both Pandit Anna and his son Dhananjay had recently fallen out with Gopinath Munde. They are reportedly close to the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15562872", "title": "Confusion as government orders limit of 5 SMSs a day", "text": "MUMBAI: Mobile users were a confused lot on Sunday, as rumours went back and forth on whether the curb on five SMSs being sent at one go had now been extended to a cap of five messages per day. Some said the cap applied only to pre-paid consumers, while others spoke of getting messages from their operator mentioning a government ban on sending more than five SMSs a day.By the end of the day, however, it became clear that the government had on Sunday ordered that for the next 12 days, mobile users will not be able to send more than five SMSs/MMSs a day, carrying no more than 25 Kb of data. The step has been taken to deter the spread of rumours and hate messages of the kind that led to panic among people from the Northeast.Sources within the mobile industry told TOI that Telecom Enforcement Resource and Monitoring (TERM) Cell, under the Department of Telecom, visited locations of all mobile operations on Sunday for strict action banning bulk SMSes. A senior telecom executive said the industry would lose about Rs 300 crore revenue due to the 15-day ban which began last Friday. \"We have no option but to strictly implement the ban, with DoT actively following up on it,\" he said.Earlier on Saturday, the government had directed telecom operator not to allow consumers to send more than five test messages/ MMSs at one go. But this not only failed to check spread of threats to people from the Northeast but had also ended up creating a communication hurdle for many consumers in Mumbai following a technical difficulty for operators in implementing it.On Sunday, the government had to revise its order, this time putting a per-day cap on the number messages that can be sent.The new decision came in after the telecom operators clearly told the government on Saturday that it was not technically feasible to stop all their consumers from sending five SMSs or MMSs and those more than 25 Kb at one go.On Saturday the telecom operators, albeit with difficulties, could implement the earlier directive only for a section of post-paid consumers, but for pre-paid it created a major problem. Many companies denied though, their attempt to implement on it snowballed into a problem for post-paid consumers too as several consumers complained of congestion in their networks owing to implementation of the earlier directive.\"Till late in the evening the issue was being discussed between the operators and the department of telecommunication but finally late in the night the new directive was verbally conveyed. Some have also received the mails,\" revealed a senior official with one of the leading telecom operators.Interestingly a few telecom operators had already made it clear to the government on Saturday itself that they won't be able to implement that and later sent SMSs to their consumers informing them about the cap of five SMSs or MMSs for a day. In, fact they had flayed the government for taking a unilateral decision without consulting the operators over the issue and understanding the technical constraints in their systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "15564610", "title": "Manipal varsity beats water crisis through recycling", "text": "MANIPAL: The district witnessed one of its worst water crises last summer. However, Maniapl University, which is home to 26,000 students managed to wade through the crisis without much difficulty, thanks to its three sewage treatment plants.The varsity requires about one crore liters of water every day. At present, it gets 65 liters of fresh water from local water bodies and the three plants together produce 40 lakh liters water, which is being used for gardening, aroboriculture and in the flush system in its 56 hostels.The dried sludge generated as a byproduct in the plants is used as manure in its gardens, which comprises 30 per cent of the campus.MU director (purchase and general services) Colonel Badri Narayana told TOI that the first STP was setup nearly 40 years ago and the other two were completed in 2010 and 2011 respectively.\"The objective of setting up STPs is to save water by minimizing the usage of fresh water,\" he said.\"Since we are constructing four new hostels, we will have to produce five lakh liters more from the plants. They have the capacity to produce 55 lakh liters of water per day,\" he said and added STPs not only conserve fresh water but also promote environment-friendly campus.Anil K, a final year engineering student in Manipal Institute of Technology from Bangalore said in contrast to the general perception that there would not be sufficient water supply in hostels, the varsity never faced water crisis so far. \"I have not faced water crisis even for a single day in the past three years of my stay here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564037", "title": "Thunderbolts commandos to pitch tent in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Thunderbolts will soon hit the city. The 40-member squad of the state's elite commando force will soon be posted in the city to deal with any emergency, anti-terrorist and hostage situations.The force, which is being trained on the lines of the national security guards (NSG), will be posted at the Tripunithura Armed Reserve Camp in a few months. The force is being posted here in Kochi as part of the government's decision to divide the 160-men strong commando force into three units and post them in three major cities of Kochi, Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram.The force was officially inducted into the state police wing at a function held at Thiruvananthapuram recently. Police Headquarters Inspector General Manoj Abraham said that the force will be undergoing another set of training in the next couple of weeks and they will be posted in the three cities after the training.\"The force deployed at each unit will be equipped to handle all sort of operations and they will be provided with latest vehicles and arms,\" he added. Another police officer said that Kochi has been given top priority in deployment of Thunderbolts considering the security scenario, in the city. The force had already undergone an 18-month-long training including jungle warfare. \"The idea behind deploying the force is to ensure that a team can reach any part of the state on short notice,\" the officials said.The government has purchased state-of-the-art modern weapons and equipment for the force which has undergone training in combat missions, including Krav Maga, a lethal martial art developed for Israel's Special Force.The units deployed in the cities will have snipers, assault commandos and technical experts. The weapons included Italian SPAS 12 semi-automatic combat shot guns, Austrian Glock 17 semi-automatic 9 mm pistol, Steyr sniper rifles, Heckler &amp; Koch submachine guns, ARGES hand grenades, synthetic bullet proof body armour and bullet proof vests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564074", "title": "Eid-ul-Fitr celebrated in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Marking the end of the month-long Ramzan, believers in the state celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr on Sunday. Special arrangements were made for Eid prayers in various parts of the district.Eid prayers were held at Eidgahs and mosques in the district including at St Albert's College Ground, Marine Drive, Perumbavoor Municipal Stadium, Aluva Nochima, Parade Ground, Fort Kochi, Vypeen Malipuram Maidan, Palluruthy Veli and others.Over 8,000 people participated in the Eid prayer held in Kaloor, where actor Mammootty along with his actor son Dulquar Salman offered prayers. Abdul Majid Salehi, hakim of the Masjidul Islam, led the Eid prayers.Special arrangements were also made for women believers to offer prayers. The Eid prayer at Marine Drive was organized by the Greater Eidgah Committee. \"Eid-ul-Fitr was celebrated with religious fervour in the district on Sunday. This year the celebration was unique for several reasons. Arrangements were made for doing charity as the prices of various consumer goods went up making it difficult for the common man to make the ends meet,\" said, Hashim Thangal, Imam of Darul Ameen Sunni Jumamasjid, Palluruthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564836", "title": "Cook held for theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: A domestic help was arrested for allegedly stealing Rs 30,000 and mobile phones from his employer's house in Safdarjung Enclave.The accused has been identified as Ajit Kumar , a native of Madhubani in Bihar. The action came after Neeraj Chaudhary, a resident of Safdarjung Enclave, had approached police complaining that his cook Ajit, who was employed through a placement agency in Bhogal, stole cash Rs 30,000 from his house on Friday night.Ajit's police verification had not been done. Before Ajit could have fled to Bihar , he was caught from New Delhi railway station, police said. \"He disclosed that he stole the money and two mobile phones from Chaudhary's house . Ajit said he was in dire need of money as his sister's delivery is due and his earning was not sufficient to cater the daily needs of his family,\" said DCP Chhaya Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564501", "title": "Man jumps to death from Gandhi hospital building", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 59-year-old patient jumped to death from the Gandhi Hospital building on Sunday. The victim was identified as G Ravindar from Venkateswara Colony in Jeedimetla. According to the Chilkalguda police, Ravindar had been suffering from psychological problems and he was unmarried.On August 15, he accidentally slipped on the kitchen floor and suffered a head injury. After treatment at a local hospital, Ravindar's family members shifted him to Gandhi Hospital on August 16. Since then, he was at the neurology ward on the fourth floor of the Gandhi Hospital, Chilkalguda sub-inspector (SI) M Sarangapani said.Ravindar's brother Harindar had been staying with him as an attendant at the hospital. At about 2am, Harindar fell asleep and when he woke up at about 4.30am, Ravindar was not in the ward. \"From 4.30am onwards, Harindar started searching for his brother on the hospital premises and at about 6.30am, one of the hospital staff noticed a body in the iron mesh below the first floor of the building. Harindar identified that as his brother's body,\" the SI said.Police suspect that Ravindar might have jumped or accidentally fallen from the fourth floor and died on the spot. \"Doctors said that Ravindar's mental condition was very bad and he could not even identify his own family members,\" the SI said.Later, police removed the body by cutting the iron mesh and sent it for a post-mortem. A case has been booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15564204", "title": "Manipur officials air dash to Pune, Bangalore &amp; Guwahati", "text": "IMPHAL: To soothe the frayed nerves of panic-stricken Manipuri students putting up in Bangalore and Pune, two senior police officials air dashed to these cities on Saturday, while another two officials left for Guwahati to liaise with the large number of Manipuri students arriving from various cities.Their departure followed an emergency cabinet meeting convened on Friday evening with chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh in the chair even as a large number of Manipuri students continued to return home after unfounded rumors of threats of attacks them by a section of the minority community spread for the last few days.While deputy inspector general of police (range I) Clay Khongsai and superintendent of police (Chandel) Elangbam Priyokumar headed for Bangalore and Pune respectively, the home department's additional and deputy secretaries left for Guwahati, official sources said.Manipur home secretary Gaikhangam said that he is in touch with his Karnataka and Maharashtra counterparts and the latter assured him the safety of Manipuri students and employees staying there.He appealed to all Manipuris staying in various parts of the country to reject the unfounded rumours and remain calm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563096", "title": "Curtain comes down on Mallhar", "text": "MUMBAI: Malhar, the three-day festival of St Xavier's College, ended on a high note on Sunday when the Bollywood dance event turned out to be the biggest crowd-puller. Considered one of the most popular inter-college events, the fest recorded a footfall of more than 22,000 over three days.Illuminati dance\u2014its theme was For Malhar-local\u2014 and ultraviolet light performance also hogged the limelight of the cultural do, which ended with the crowning of Mr and Miss Malhar, won by Darius Pandey of HR College and Srishti Shrivastava of Sophia College. \"The queue to enter the campus over the weekend was crazy. Students had to wait for more than three to four hours before they could step in. Events like street dancing and Bollywood dancing, held in the evening, attracted most of the crowd,\" said Karan Nagwekar, one of the organizers. \"We also had a live-band that regaled the crowd.\" According to an organizer, the fest was not restricted to mere \"entertainment\". Those interested could also attend forensics and graphic novel designing workshops. HR College walked away with the winner's tag of the festival, while the second and third positions were bagged by St Xavier's and NM College. \"Over 60 events, workforce of 12,000 and three days, it's a festival that everyone wants to be part of. We successfully organized it, which itself was a celebration,\" said Utsha Mitra, an organizer.As the curtains fell on Malhar, NM College's fest, Umang, kick-started. \"The War of the DJs saw participation from more than 30 colleges,\" said Sohil Bhansali, public relations head of Umang. \"A robotics workshop was also held.\"As a prelude to the fest, the Vile Parle college organized a cyclothon last Sunday. \"We covered some of the slums where they spread awareness about the importance of sending every child to school,\" said Bhansali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15562856", "title": "Gang of vehicle-lifters, chain-snatchers nabbed", "text": "GONDIA: The special squad of crime branch of Gondia has nabbed a gang engaged in vehicle lifting and snatching mangalsutras all over the district on Thursday (August 16). Few two-wheelers, mangalsutras and weapons have been recovered from them.Following a spree of incidents of vehicle lifting and chain snatching, district superintendent of police Dilip Zalke had appointed a special squad to pursue these crimes. On Thursday, this squad arrested one youth Rakesh Khobragade of village Murri near Gondia, who confessed his involvement in these crimes and also revealed the names of three youths involved in this trade. They were Samit Kamble (20) of Khamari and Sanjay Dhande (23) and Anand Rahulkar (25) from Gautam Nagar in Gondia.After search of these youths, two CDs, one Pulsar, one Splendour, some mangalsutras and weapons were seized from these youths. They said that they were selling these articles to Ajmat Tigala of Salabtuli in Gondia. On the basis of information by these youths their network was spread on the borders of the district and Salekasa and Goregaon etc. Many more thefts are likely to be unearthed soon.PI Jayesh Bhandarkar is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563765", "title": "Enjoy Eid with sewain &amp; feast", "text": "KANPUR: Eid-ul-Fitr will be celebrated on Monday. A large number of people will assemble in mosques and Eidgahs to offer special namaz.Eid-ul-Fitr is celebrated to mark the end of Ramzan, the Islamic holy month of fasting. Eid is an Arabic word which means festivity. Eid falls on the first day of the month Shawwal. People celebrate Eid with fervor and gaiety.Dressed in their best, men, women and children were seen in the markets for the last minute shopping.Traditional markets like Chowk, Shivalaya, Naveen Market and P Road remained open even beyond midnight. People were busy purchasing `sewain', clothes and other accessories.\"We keep the shops open for whole night. This is a big festival and records a heavy sale every year,\" said a shopkeeper. 'Mehndi' and gift shops witnessed a large numbers of buyers.\"Eid-ul-Fitr or Eid is an occasion of brotherhood and harmony, a time to love friends and forgive your opponents,\" said Sheeba, who was busy in shopping. She added that a she will be preparing 'sheer khurma', 'lachha' and 'Benarasi sewain', on Eid. Most of these delicacies require dry fruits and finely chopped dates and coconut.\"We all eagerly wait for Eid and go to the houses of our friends,\" said Sachin, who was seen shopping with his friends. Eid symbolizes brotherhood and unity. \"We will feast at Aman's home and celebrate Eid,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15565419", "title": "India regroup without Pujara", "text": "HYDERABAD: After their resounding success in the ODIs in Sri Lanka last month, the Indians are keen to stamp their authority over lowly New Zealand in the two-match Test series which will begin at the RJIC stadium on Thursday.But the sudden retirement of VVS Laxman with 'immediate effect' has put the team on a backfoot.Already without the services of Rahul Dravid , who quit a couple of months ago, India will now have to contend with a big hole in the middle-order.Dravid and Laxman have for long formed the bedrock of Indian batting bailing the team out of crisis. It remains to be seen who will slip into the duo's shoes and fill the yawning gap. The national selectors, on Sunday, chose Tamil Nadu's S Badrinath as replacement for Laxman.In the backdrop of Laxman's retirement, Team India had their first practice session at the RJIC stadium on Sunday. Though the team was scheduled to have their session from 2 pm they arrived almost one-and-a-half hour late.But once they came to the ground, skipper MS Dhoni and his boys immediately got down to business. The skipper inspected the wicket and was joined by coach Duncan Fletcher. The duo had a lengthy chat with curator Chandrasekhar too.Badrinath and Cheteshwar Pujara were the only ones who missed the practice session. Virender Sehwag was the first to warm-up with the bat and he chose to get into rhythm against the likes of Pragyan Ojha and Piyush Chawla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15565374", "title": "Land worth crore leased for ever, almost free!", "text": "SASARAM: In a startling case, Sasaram Nagar Parishad board, on March 29 this year, decided to permanently lease out a plot of land worth at least Rs 1 crore almost free - for a monthly rent of just Rs 2 per month! According to sources, this was for the first time in the history of the Parishad that a mutation case was brought and decided at the board meeting.A legal expert, Chandra Bhushan Singh, who practises in Sasaram court, claimed that this case of transfer of property to a third party by the successor of the original lessee was in flagrant violation of the Indian Property Transfer Act, which clearly states that leased property could not be transferred and sub-leased to another person.Showing some hurry in the matter, the executive officer of Sasaram Nagar Parishad, P Lal, implemented the mutation decision without its ratification at the next board meeting, by issuing a letter on April 16, 2012, informing the beneficiary that mutation of the plot had been made in his name, sources said.However, Lal washed his hands off the case, saying he was bound to obey the decision of the board. He added that though the board had not decided to revise the rent of the plot, this would be done.On February 3, 1961, Sasaram Nagar Palika had settled 3.9 katthas of land at Sarai Road in ward number 2, now a business hub of the district, on permanent lease to one Sheikh Ashraf Hussain on a monthly rent of Rs 2. The rent was to be paid in the first week of every month and the lessee and his successors were to remain in possession of the leased property permanently.The documents in possession of TOI reveal that the rent was never paid on time. On April 5, 2005, rent of 21 years from 1984 to 2005 amounting to Rs 504 was paid to the Nagar Palika, sources said. They also said that after the Sheikh's demise some years back, his three sons divided the leased plot among themselves. The share of each son came to 1.3 kattha.Later, one of the sons, Chand Ashraf, applied to the executive officer, Sasaram Nagar Parishad, requesting transfer of his share of the leased plot to a businessman, Mumtaz Ahmad. The executive officer, instead of taking a decision on the application, placed it at the board meeting on March 29, 2012, which approved the request. At the meeting, the related documents were not presented before the members and the plot and ward number too weren't disclosed, sources said.They said it had not been mentioned anywhere in the original lease agreement that the plot could be transferred to a third person. Meanwhile, rent of seven years is still due.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567180", "title": "India caught in crossfire of global cyber war", "text": "There is a cyber war going on between Iran and a few other countries. And India has been caught in the crossfire. It all started two years ago with Stuxnet, considered the most sophisticated computer virus ever and the virtual world's first weapon of mass destruction. Stuxnet is like a laserguided missile. Compared to it, the older generation of viruses and trojans (malicious computer programmes) seem like crude bombs, says Shantanu Ghosh, MD, Symantec , a cyber security firm. It is capable of wrecking massive damage to digital infrastructure.There is a reason why Stuxnet, caught in the wild by cyber security researchers in 2010, acquired this fearsome reputation. Cyber security firms like Kaspersky believe Stuxnet is the work of a nation. The likely suspects are the US and Israel because the malicious programme seems to have been designed with a single purpose - to disable and create havoc inside the nuclear installations of Iran by targeting several components manufactured by Siemens which are used by machines inside Iranian facilities.While no one has confirmed anything,reports say that Stuxnet has hit a home run as far as derailing Iran's N-programme is concerned. This attack was followed by Duqu, a virus caught last year. It was designed to collect information from official computer systems in Iran and several other Middle East countries. And just a few months back, Iran was hit by Flame, which too is believed to be the handiwork of state agencies.Unfortunately,while Stuxnet,Duqu and Flame have acted as superb guided missiles, they are also weapons of mass destruction that are difficult to control. Cyber security experts believe that there may be several versions of these malicious programmes and not all are under control of the people who created them.Computer Emergency Response Team for India (CERT-IN ) issued the first alert regarding Stuxnet infection in India on July 19, 2010. But by then,it was already too late. Kaspersky estimated that by September that year, Stuxnet had infected over 80,000 computers in India. Another security firm, ESET, estimates that the virus even infected some computers in the US.By the end of last year, India was the third most affected country by Stuxnet, after Iran and then, Indonesia. Duqu too took a toll with India being the 8th most affected country. We even found a command and control server for Duqu in Mumbai, says Ghosh. There were reports in June that CERT-IN came across computers that had even been infected by Flame.While Stuxnet has affected thousands of machines in India, including computers in vital and strategic installations, it doesnt damage a machine unless it finds certain Siemens components, says CERT-IN director Dr Gulsha Rai. But that doesnt mean it is not a danger. We had cleaned the infection from nearly 60,000 computers.Nonetheless, companies and government agencies have suffered losses due to it. The main cost has been the resources we had to employ to contain and clean the infection, says Verizon's Mark Goudie, who handles investigative response in the Asia Pacific region. Goudie says, \"We have seen that many cyber criminals are trying to take control of Stuxnet so that they could modify and use it. Companies have to get rid of it. Our clients, who are mostly part of India's service industry, have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to get rid of it.In July, US President Barack Obama painted a grim picture of a cyber attack in an article in The Wall Street Journal. Across the country, trains had derailed, including one carrying industrial chemicals that exploded into a toxic cloud. Water treatment plants in several states had shut down, contaminating drinking water and causing Americans to fall ill. Our nation,it appeared, was under cyber attack, he wrote. He asked the US Senate to pass the Cybersecurity Act of 2012 which will help the US acquire better offensive and defensive cyber warfare capabilities.This case shows that cyber warfare is not likely to be confined to geographical boundaries. Rai and Ghosh agree that cyber warfare is akin to biological or chemical warfare,only with a potential to be messier as criminals or enemy states can theoretically target and damage vital installations, like power grids, on a grand scale. Rai says that an international treaty is required that clearly defines the rules of the game. Given the fact that cyber warfare is difficult to control, there is likelihood of massive collateral damage,something that will affect the common man even if he has nothing to do with the skirmish.Malicious MissilesStuxnetThis virus used stolen security certificates from well-known hardware companies like JMicron and Realtek so that it could fool computer systems Spreads through USB drives Reports say it crippled Irans nuclear installations by increasing and decreasing the speed of centrifuges rotor.It set that country's nuclear programme back by two years.DuquMostly spreads through emails. Commands and controls servers found across the world.FlameIt has a code with a size of 20MB; Stuxnet has a size of just 500KB. Can take screenshots, record keystrokes, steal data and monitor network activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565217", "title": "Lawyers to move HC against F1 demo drive", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A group of lawyers from the city have decided to approach the high court against ace driver Narian Karthikeyan's F1 demo drive to be held in the city on August 28. The lawyers claim that holding the event will amount to violation of traffic rules.\"The demo drive is being planned to spread a message against traffic violations and to promote safe driving. But, how can a campaign be done violating traffic regulations,\" asked V N Gopalakrishnan Nair, a senior advocate in Thiruvananthapuram district court. He, along with other lawyers, will approach the high court with a petition against this event on Tuesday.The lawyers are of the opinion that the government or the police cannot give sanction for such an event since it is being conducted flouting the law of the land. \"As per traffic rules, the maximum speed limit between Kawdiar and Palayam stretch is 40 km/hour. How can then the authorities give the sanction for an F1 car to speed at 300 km/hour, which is against the norms,\" said Gopalakrishnan.\"When we are taking strong action against bike racing in this stretch, how can we conduct such an event? This would give a wrong message to the youth in the city. Moreover, many accidents have been reported in this stretch due to over speeding and bike racing. So how can the government give sanction for the event by blocking the entire traffic along this stretch,\" the lawyers asked.The lawyers have also decided to question the conduct of the event since enormous funding is required for it. \"We suspect there is some hidden agenda behind this,\" said Gopalakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563219", "title": "HC flays minister, sets aside toll contract", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court came down heavily on Maharashtra minister Jay- datt Kshirsagar for acting arbitrarily and set aside a toll collection contract in Solapur given by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) Ltd, of which he is chairperson. The HC held that Kshirsagar's action as chairperson to keep out the highest bidder (Jai Laxmi Constructions) from the tender process was \"not only discriminatory, but also arbitrary, irrational, unreason- able and also bad and can never be bona fide\".MSRDC had awarded the contract to Shree Swami Samarth Engineers last April. Kshirsagar, an NCP leader, had defended his action of not awarding the contract to Jai Laxmi as it would lead to filing of court cases, which Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani found to be \"wholly misconceived and totally against public interest\".The HC directed MSRDC to issue fresh tenders and complete the process within three months on a petition filed by Jai Laxmi. It noted that though an earlier contract for a year of S M Authade ended in February 2009, MSRDC took almost seven months to initiate a fresh tender process with no justification for the delay. The HC said MSRDC's inaction helped Authade and caused greater loss to the state as the highest bid was of Rs 13 crore for 156 weeks. \"The bidder was kept off the process on a mistaken belief of non-existent facts, which is clearly unreasonable and thus not in good faith\" the judges said.MSRDC, instead of accepting the highest bid, authorized the chairman, vice-chairman and managing director to take a decision. While the VC and MD favoured Jai Laxmi, the public works (public undertaking) minister cancelled the process and ordered another tender be issued. The contract was awarded to Shree Swami Samarth Engineers last year.\"An administrative order based on facts which do not exist is unjust and arbitrary,\" the court said.\"Nothing prevented the MSRDC chairman or board to issue a temporary contract for collection of toll to the petitioners subject to decision of the state government in respect of change of location, which would have benefitted the public exchequer...\" the high court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567898", "title": "Micromax eyeing No 2 slot in Indian smartphone market", "text": "Aiming to become the second largest smartphone seller in India, homegrown mobile handset firm Micromax will expand its portfolio with eight new devices across various price points to attract consumers.The company also aims to double monthly sales to 1.5 lakh units by the end of 2012.\"Data shows that we are already ahead of most of our competitors in the smartphone space and we are confident of reaching the number two position by the end of 2012. We currently have a dozen smartphones and four new ones will be launched in the next few weeks,\" Micromax CEO Deepak Mehrotra told PTI.He added that four more smartphones will be added in the coming months.According to third party data quoted by the company, Micromax sold over 67,000 smartphones in July this year, much higher than its competitors like HTC and Karbonn. Smartphones, globally and in India, are gaining popularity and there has been a significant surge in sales volumes over the past few quarters.According to a CyberMedia study, smartphone sales in the country increased by 87 per cent to 11.2 million units in 2011 from 6 million units in 2010 compared to seven percent year-on-year growth in the feature phones category.Over 150 smartphone models by more than 30 vendors were launched during 2011.While Nokia emerged as the leader in the smartphones segment with a 38 percent share, Samsung (28 percent) and Research in Motion (15 percent) share followed in the list.\"Consumers are looking for a value product. Price is an important factor in decision making and our endeavour is to provide quality product at the right price. As a strategy, we want to play across price points,\" Mehrotra said.The company has launched its Superfone Pixel A90, a-dual SIM phone with 4.3-inch super-AMOLED touchscreen and equipped with 8MP camera, 1GHz processor and is priced at Rs 12,999. The other launches include Superfone Canvas A100, Ninja 3.5 and Ninja 4.Micromax is also betting big on its tablet range. It had launched its FunBook device in April and is expanding the range as well.It has launched Funbook Pro, 10.1-inch version of the tablet and will add two devices - FunBook Alpha and FunBook Infinity -- in the range soon.\"We launched our 7-inch device in April and sold 1.4 lakh devices in just 100 days. We are confident that the new 10.1-inch tab will also do well,\" Mehrotra said.Smartphones and tablet (combined) currently account for about 30 per cent of the company's revenues. \"By the end of the fiscal (March 2013), the contribution should increase to 40 percent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567102", "title": "Indian Idol top finalists are from Punjab", "text": "For the first time ever in the history of reality shows, all top three contestants are from Punjab. Devendra Pal Singh, Vipul Mehta, Amit Kumar are the three Punjabi contestants who left everyone behind and clenched the top spots. Lets view a little information about these four.Devendra Pal Singh who is just 17 years old, is from Ludhiana, he has impressed each and everyone with his versatile singing from the word go. He is admired by all the members of the jury as well as the celebrity guests. People believe that Devendra has brought back the memories of Ishmeet Singh, winner of 'Voice of India'.Vipul Mehta is also very young, aged just 22 years, Vipul already has the experience and weapon of already being in a reality show previous to this under his belt before this season of Indian Idol. Born and grown up in District Amritsar, Vipul has huge potential and he is a very strong contender to win the title of 'Indian Idol'.Amit Kumar is the city mate of Vipul belonging to Amritsar. Amit was in news headlines last week because he impressed the guest celebrity Salman Khan at a level that Salman gifted his bike to Amit. Amit is also been considered the top contender for this title.So let's see what happens this week at the grand finale of Indian Idol. But all we can say whoever wins this title, it's certainly gonna come to Punjab.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563451", "title": "Engineer held for stealing from cousin", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a civil engineering graduate for stealing money from his cousin Balasubramanian at Perunkalathur on Saturday. Srinivasan bundled 1.50 lakh into a polythene bag and dumped it near the Perunkulathur bus terminus.Police added that Balasubramanian, who works with an NGO, took a loan of 2.32 lakh from a private finance company for building a house near Tiruchi.On Friday, he gave the cash to his brother 'Mini' Arasan, who was managing the construction work. Srinivasan accompanied him to Chennai.On their way back, Arasan left the cash with Srinivasan as he had to buy some medicines near the Perunkulathur bus terminus.During this time, Srinivasan took 1.50 lakh, bundled it in a cover and threw it amidst the bushes.He also tore the cash bag so that Arasan would suspect that someone else had stolen cash. When Arasan returned, he found some cash to be missing. He immediately returned to his brother's house.Balasubramanian and Arasan lodged a police complaint. During interrogation Srinivasan confessed that he was the thief. Police recovered the cash and arrested Srinivasan. He was remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15564059", "title": "BSP to support e-way farmers", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Yamuna Expressway is now expected to face a roadblock from the BSP. The BSP MP from Gautam Budh Nagar, Surender Singh Naagar, held a panchayat with farmers and chalked out a plan to intensify the agitation demanding construction of a slip road and free access on the expressway.Sources in BSP said the party's top brass is not happy with the stand of the state government and expressway operator. \"Even though thousands of acres were acquired from farmers, why is no free access being given to them? Farmers now feel trapped in their villages as they have no route to travel to other places,\" said Naagar. \"We have given 15 days to the expressway authority and Jaypee group, which is operating the expressway, to settle the issues of farmers otherwise we will stop vehicular movement,\" Naagar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15570401", "title": "Supari is equally dangerous, say experts", "text": "PUNE: The recent initiative by Maharashtra Government to impose ban on gutka and pan masala in the state has lead the gutkha addicts to switch to other similar addictions. With the enforcement of this ban, people are switching to supari, (which is also called as areca nut / betelnut) whether in its plain form or products made of it.In the year 2004, International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) of World Health Organisation (WHO) has classified areca nut (supari) as carcinogenic to humans. This means, chewing of Supari can also cause cancer, even though the contents of supari do not have tobacco or magnesium carbonate added to it.The Food Safety and Standards Act 2006 makes it compulsory for all packets of supari and its products to mention a warning which says 'chewing of supari is injurious to health'. However, this mandate is not followed by many supari brands and hence its users are not warned of the fatal dangers.\"The habit of chewing of supari, if it lasts for years, could lead to a series of hazardous effects. Like, altered speech, increased sensitivity to heat, cold and spices, etc. Direct and repeated contact of supari with the gums, cause them to recede, which in turn results in loosening of teeth,\" said oral physician Alok Lathi.Increase in mouth ulcers and rotting of the gums is also caused by betel nut chewing. These effects are termed as 'areca nut chewer's syndrome'. These symptoms have no remedy and have horrifying consequences, he added.\"Supari contains alkaloids and polyphenols which are cancer causing chemicals. Use of Supari or its products on regular basis can cause various harmful effects on the human body,\" Lathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563542", "title": "Govt 'managing' judiciary: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee's recent indictment of the judiciary, it was BJP's turn to take a swipe at the institution with senior leader Yashwant Sinha accusing the government of \"managing the judiciary in innovative ways\". Speaking after a conclave of BJP chief ministers, Sinha demanded that a National Judicial Commission be set up immediately to put an end to this practice.\"This government is managing the judiciary. We must have National Judicial Commission which will take away this kind of discretion from the central government and put it in the hands of a neutral body,\" he said on Sunday.Raising questions on the process of appointment of judges, he claimed \"a judge is appointed on a probation basis for three to six months and only when the government is convinced that he is favourable, his appointment is confirmed''.\"Who would have imagined this innovative way of managing the judiciary but this government is doing it,\" the BJP leader said. His comments come days after Banerjee created a storm by saying that there were instances when court judgments were delivered for money.\"I said we have been told of instances where these kinds of management have taken place. So, I am not repeating it in her words. But I am definitely making the statement that this government has created a situation where it is easy to extract a judgment,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563756", "title": "CCTV cameras installed at sensitive places in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Close circuit television cameras (CCTVs) are being installed at places meant for religious congregation like Badi Eidgah, where a large number of people are expected to offer Eid namaz.The step has been taken to keep a check on troublemakers. \"The CCTV cameras are being installed at nearly 20 sensitive points across various police stations,\" DIG Amitabh Yash said.He said that the stations heads have been asked to remain alert and overhaul devices such a public address systems and walkie-talkie to sensitize the people not to pay attention on rumours.\"We have also cancelled the leave of hundreds of cops in view of the situation prevailing across the city,\" he said. The police and intelligence agencies have been asked to be more vigilant and take precautionary measures.\"Special tactics would be adopted by sleuths of the intelligence unit to nab problem-makers and to gather information on suspects. Such steps would certainly discourage anti-social elements,\" said a senior police officer.Watch towers have also been erected in few sensitive pockets and near places of religious congregation. Cops would be deployed on high-rise buildings near the Badi Eidgah and other sensitive spots. Anti-sabotage checks would be conducted prior to Eid prayers at religious places Badi Eidgah in Benajhabar, Usmanpur, Babupurwa, Bagahi, Colonelganj Chamanganj, Talaqmahal, Nai Sadak, Parade, Machariya, Naubasta, Collectorganj, Meston Road, Ram Narain Bazaar, Collectorganj and Moolganj.The religious leaders have assured the administration that they would comply with the code of conduct issued by the authorities. The religious heads would promote religious harmony and brotherhood.The police would conduct a drill. Apart from civil police, PAC, quick reaction teams, commandos, tear gas, bomb disposal and anti-sabotage squads would be in the drill.The basic objective behind the exercise is to make cops aware about each and every area of the district and stay tuned to handle any situation. He said that the timing of action of police teams would also be monitored.A senior police official told newspersons on Saturday that the traffic department has been asked to regulate traffic during festival. Fire brigade officials have also been alerted.Security has been beefed up around vital installations like airport, cinema halls, shopping malls, bus stations and Kanpur Central railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564752", "title": "BJP leaders slam coalition politics at state meet", "text": "RANCHI: The daylong state executive meet of BJP resulted in serious soul searching for party seniors who raised the issue of reconsidering their decision to remain in the coalition government. A faction of the party put forward its concerns that the party would face huge losses if they continued to back the government and remained busy pacifying alliance partners instead of pushing the party agenda. Sources said that some of the leaders were vociferous in demanding importance of political agenda of the party instead of the coalition government.One of the leaders said that BJP is being accused of all wrongdoings in the state, whereas its alliance partners are bagging credit for development works. \"If things continue this way, BJP would be reduced to the margins in the next election as the government is taking care of sentiments of alliance partners rather than its own workers,\" he said, unwilling to be quoted. Despite the demand for delegation of assignments to party workers and pushing party agenda further, the executive committee failed to build a consensus over the issue.Addressing the meet, chief minister Arjun Munda expressed confidence for better performance in next election. He called upon party workers to take the achievements of government to the grass root. Unwilling to comment on the limitations of the coalition government, he said that people in the state should be convinced about the development work they have initiated. \"A network of roads is being built, the government has ensured employment opportunities through skill development and has given extra attention to the needs of the girl child,\" he said.Munda criticized the role of Congress-led UPA government at the Centre in tackling the crisis in Assam. Munda said that the BJP-ruled states should unequivocally raise the matter so that moral pressure is built on the Centre to act against the Bangladeshi infiltrators. \"We must arrange sufficient help for those in security camps and mobilize our party units with every possible support to reach out to the Bodo tribals,\" he said.Earlier, a political proposal was presented by Anant Ojha which was approved by the executive committee with few amendments. State president Dineshanand Goswami said that the party has resolved to expose corruption of the Centre and involvement of ministers in scams. \"We will highlight the failure of the Congress government in controlling price rise, ethnic violence and corruption,\" he said, adding that the problem of infiltration in Assam has created tension across the country.Goswami said that the party is all geared to increase its members by around 40%, final figures of which would be available by September. \"BJP has emerged stronger in Jharkhand , which is evident from the response to membership drive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15562976", "title": "Mughal design floored imperial soldier of Raj", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you were to imagine walking through the Moti Shahi palace in the 1830s, then it would be apt to read Lieutenant Thomas H Ottley's description of the palace complex. Ottley was a subaltern in the East India Company's service. He was on his way to join his regiment in Deesa after his service in Bombay. He stopped by at the palace for a few days as it was raining heavily.Ottley recalls in his book 'Fourteen Nights at the Shahi Bagh at Ahmedabad': \"The royal residence stands on a small spot of table-land formed by a projection of a portion of the shelving bank of the river Sabarmati.\" He writes further: \"Up to the general level of the gardens, extends a foundation work, supporting the terrace above, in the center of which the building itself is raised. The whole of this underwork is arched and is divided into small apartments for lodging domestics and followers.\"Ottley notes that the palace could be approached via a small stone bridge that was constructed across a canal that ran around the complex. \"This artificial canal also cut into the terrace. Once the canal was filled with water, it leveled with the floor of the lower rooms of the palace,\" Ottley writes.Ottley is referring to the design of the palace in which water from several fountains - which were mounted on its terrace - used to flow down the building through a network of water channels before draining into a canal. He describes this system of fountains as one which was connected seamlessly to the canal network at equal distances. These fountains, he said, were also meant to act as natural water-coolers. The system provided cool breeze to people inside the palace. However, in 1830, Ottey could only see remains of this canal system where copper pipes and a small elevation of stucco surrounded the spot.Ottley had spent nearly 14 days in the palace before he proceeded to Deesa to join his regiment. To give him company in the palace was the caretaker, Rustam Khan, who also became the title of one of Ottley's books later. Khan would narrate strange stories to the British officer and the tragedies in his life. Ottley's book was based on these tales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15563810", "title": "Gupta is stock exchange chairman", "text": "LUDHIANA: Joginder Kumar Gupta replaced Padam Prakash Kansal as the new chairman of Ludhiana Stock Exchange (LSE) after the board of directors accepted Kansala??s resignation and unanimously elected Gupta.Gupta, who was LSE vice-chairman till now, also holds positions in other industrial associations, like being the CEO of Ludhiana Effluent Treatment Society (LETS) and president of Federation of Tiny and Small Industries Association of India. A well known person in Manchester city's industrial circle, Gupta has served the UCPMA in different capacities for many years.He assured the members he will give the best of his acumen for taking the LSE on the path of development and thanked the members for having reposed their faith in him. The board of directors also decided to hold the annual general body meeting of LSE on September 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565296", "title": "2-minute tests to blame for rickety autos?", "text": "Commuters in Mumbai have often complained about the state of autorickshaws in the city , most of which are often found to be in a rickety condition. Now, auto union leader Thampy Kurien has alleged that officials at the Andheri and Wadala regional transport offices (RTOs) spend less than a minute on each auto when checking the road worthiness of the vehicles.According to Rule 45 (i) of the Motor Vehicle Rules, after being in usefor two years ,every autoissupposedtoundergo and clear an annual fitness test at the RTO to ensure that it is in good working condition and it takes atleastfivetoten minutes to conduct a thorough fitness check on a single vehicle . Kurien hasclaimedthat most autos in the city clear this test in less than a minute.RTO officials , however , refuted his claim , saying they conduct the tests diligently and take close to ten minutes to check each vehicle.Kurien said , \"At least 250 to 300 autos arrive at the RTO daily .How can you finish fitness tests on all these in a single day if you allot ten minutes' time to each ?\" He added that though ten-minute tests are conducted on some autos, RTO officials clear a significant number of autos by merely signing /stamping the fitness certificate without following the prescribed norms for checking the autos.\"I sympathize with the RTO officials as they are short staffed and ill-equipped to conduct tests on such a largescale ,\" Kurien said. \"But this is against the general interests of commuters.If an auto is found unfit in some respects , it should not be allowed to ply on the road at all,\" he added.A senior RTO official said that the task of conducting fitness tests was given on rotation to two to three inspectors . \"These inspectors are not expected to conduct any driving testsor join flying squads on the day they are deployed for fitness tests,\" he said. He admitted that this was a \"huge burden\" on the threadbare staff at the RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563472", "title": "Actress-activist alleges threat by MLA\u2019s son", "text": "MUMBAI: Actress-turned-activist Kunika Lal on Sunday registered a non-cognizable complaint against Siddharth Khosa, MLA Baldev Khosa's son, with the Oshiwara police. Lal said on Sunday morning, Siddharth had barged into her Oshiwara apartment, verbally abused her and threatened to kill her over an argument she had with Siddharth's dad recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "the debate on financial literacy is back on the table. the financial stability and development council (fsdc) has formulated a draft national strategy for financial education. it envisages setting up a national institute for financial education (nife) and recommends several channels to educate investors. those interested in contributing to this debate should send their suggestions to fsdc. you can go through it at http", "code": "15565076", "title": "Making literacy a reality", "text": "The debate on financial literacy is back on the table. The Financial Stability and Development Council (FSDC) has formulated a draft national strategy for financial education. It envisages setting up a National Institute for Financial Education (NIFE) and recommends several channels to educate investors. Those interested in contributing to this debate should send their suggestions to FSDC. You can go through it at http:// tinyurl.com/d7h9kv8. Why is this initiative important? What can it do differently?First, finance is a technical area of study. It involves understanding concepts and principles. If the intention is to develop a curriculum for schools, the need is to treat finance as one would treat language , maths, art and science. If one goes through the curricula that have been developed and used in India, especially in finance, one finds very limited understanding of design. Most courses are descriptive , filled with jargon, and lack simple conceptual frameworks that can help develop a fundamental understanding . We learn language and grammar so we can independently read, comprehend and write. Finance needs such treatment in the curriculum. Rather than trying to do it themselves, FSDC and NIFE should use their clout to get the best minds to deliver good quality curricula , content, training and execution.Second, financial literacy needs organised content. Manufacturers of financial products have turned into defacto educators and devote significant resources to creating literature, research, communication and training initiatives. We have also seen a surge in personal finance content in the media, both editorial and promotional. While these have been useful in educating customers about financial products, they are very tactical in nature. Producers tend to align their content to their immediate business objectives, and media has to function in the realm of 'now' to produce stories that engage their audience. These efforts have been undoubtedly useful, but to the investor they represent disjointed learning. Educative content needs to be brought together meaningfully . This is best done without the bias of a product to sell or a story to complete. FSDC should enable a well-organised and categorised library of content, using multiple media, from print to digital , that is unbiased, updated and freely available to learn, refer, and keep.Third, the objective of financial literacy is not making money from the market. The broader objective, if the target audience is the household, should be personal financial management. Households have to learn how to manage their personal balance sheets. This involves a gamut of decisions-managing income, expenses, assets, loans, insuring against losses, and range of processes, laws and rules, and operational issues. In the interest of audience engagement, the media runs stories on households and their finances. The danger of oversimplification is stereotyping in the name of education . Investors engage with these initiatives , but without a framework of understanding , they learn in bits and pieces over a long period, making mistakes along the way. Financial literacy should focus on the household and its decisions. Financial products, planning and markets are only tools to implement the financial objectives.Fourth, education needs to be devoid of sensationalism. The urgency about financial literacy comes from several instances of fraud, misrepresentation and mis-selling . Investors have been shortchanged by sharp practices and empowering them to protect themselves is important. However, a lot of content is alarmist, cynical and righteous. Several influential writers have redirected policy action through concerted focus on sharp practices. Their success and popularity has spawned a large number of cynics and sensationalists, who sow seeds of mistrust. Several households that are otherwise modern in their lifestyle and thinking, remain cautious and conservative when it comes to financial decisions. Optimistic communication from producers and advisers is viewed with suspicion. In the interest of financial literacy we need more balance in educational content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568066", "title": "Sajid Ali's special gesture for daughter", "text": "Few know Sajid Ali of the music duo Sajid-Wajid fame is a doting father to his daughter. A source informed that Sajid who was in Dubai bought a cake from a plush hotel from there especially to surprise his daughter back home in Mumbai.\"Sajid was in Dubai for a recording. On the last day that also happened to his daughter's birthday when he was taking a flight back home to Mumbai he rushed to this island hotel just to buy a cake for her. He wanted to surprise his daughter on her special day,\" said the source.Back home father's sensitive gesture moved her. \"She just could not believe that her father had carried the cake parcel all the way from Dubai to Mumbai. They rang in the birthday in a grand manner and celebrated till wee hours of the morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15564589", "title": "Exodus, a blemish on Karnataka's image: Veerappa Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: The recent mass exodus of people from the northeast from Karnataka to their respective states is a major blot on the state's rich legacy that has always given shelter to people, according to Union minister for power M Veerappa Moily. \"While the state government has handled the situation well by taking series of steps, the exodus could have been prevented if they had acted on Centre's advisory on providing protection to the people from those states in time,\" he added.He added that the state police's intelligence apparatus should have been on the alert following the advisory. \"The state has to be on the alert in the future to prevent recurrence of such incidents. Karnataka has always prided itself on being a state with a large heart and this rich legacy has been tarnished a wee bit,\" he added.Karnataka has never discriminated against anyone. \"We have a history where poet-saint Sri Ramanuja took shelter in Melkote after he faced trouble in Tamil Nadu. The state wholeheartedly welcomed Tibetans when they faced problems by setting up camps for them. Even Sri Lankan Tamilians were accommodated here and Kashmiri students were given special privileges when I was the CM,\" he said.Decrying attempts in certain quarters to politicize Assam riots and the resultant exodus, Moily said the UPA government has taken steps to prepare the National Population Registry, which will set to rest questions on illegal migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "townsville", "code": "15567977", "title": "India beat Pakistan by one wicket to reach Under-19 World Cup semifinals", "text": "TOWNSVILLE: India's tail-enders held their nerves in the tense dying moments to edge out archrivals Pakistan by one wicket in a low-scoring thriller to cruise into the semifinals of the Under-19 World Cup on Monday.After dismissing Pakistan for a paltry 136, India made rough weather of a small target as they were reduced to 127/9 in 41 overs after being in a comfortable 124/6 at one stage.It was a nerve-wrecking final 25 minutes as Mumbai lad Harmeet Singh and number 11 Sandeep Sharma from Punjab held their nerves to eke out a narrow one-wicket win with two overs to spare at the Tony Ireland Stadium.The two tail-enders played out seven overs to score the remaining 10 runs as the Pakistanis applied pressure with their fielders closing in.The victory came when Harmeet pulled Mohammad Nawaz towards the square-leg boundary to score two runs and take India to the victory target.The victory shot triggered off scenes of wild celebration in the Indian camp as his teammates rushed onto the field to hug him.India will now take on New Zealand in their semifinal on August 23. New Zealand beat West Indies by three wickets in the other quarterfinal match.It must have personally been satisfying for both Sandeep and Harmeet who are dubbed as 'U-19 veterans' in their team as they were playing their second colts World Cup having been a part of the team in 2010 as well. India had then lost to Pakistan.Credit should also be given to Baba Aparajith (51, 97 balls, 3x4) as his composed batting after initial jitters steadied the ship.India were tottering at 8/3 within the first five overs of their chase but Aprajith along with Vijay Zol (36) added a crucial 66 runs for the fourth wicket to ensure India's passage into the last four stage.This was also a sweet revenge for Unmukt Chand and co as Pakistan had convincingly beaten India in the previous two meetings of the under-19 edition in 2006 and 2010.In conditions conducive for both seam and swing bowling, Pakistan left arm pacer Zia-ul-Haq troubled the Indian top-order with his brisk pace as he repeatedly got the ball to angle away from the right handers.India's batting mainstay Chand paid for his impetuosity as he flashed hard at a Zia delivery only to be caught brilliantly in their deep third-man region by Ehsan Adil.In the very next over, right-arm medium pacer Adil got one to shape away from the opener Prashant Chopra (4) as he nicked it to wicketkeeper Salman Afridi.Hanuma Vihari (0) followed the suit as he edged one to the second slip of Zia's bowling.At 8/3, Zol and Aparajith joined hands to carry out a repair job. They first concentrated on taking singles and two's and hit the occasional boundary in between.Zol fell at the score of 74 while attempting a non-existent run as he failed to make to the crease on time.Akshdeep Nath didn't stay for long as India were again in a spot of bother at 84/5.Aprajith who played a good pull shot and couple of elegant looking cover drives then scored a few quick runs along with wicketkeeper batsman Smit Patel, the duo on two occasions running four runs even as the ball failed to cross the rope.Aparajith finally completed his 50 pushing for a single but was soon out as he offered a catch in the covers.His dismissal, however, triggered a slump as three wickets in quick succession before Sharma and Harmeet guided them home.Earlier, Sandeep (3/24) and Ravikant Singh (3/43) continued their good show in the tournament as they left Pakistan reeling at 98/8 before Ehsan Adil's lusty hitting saw Pakistan reach 136.The delivery of the match was bowled by young Bengal pacer Ravikant who dismissed left-handed Saad Ali. The delivery just pitched outside the off stump and moved in a shade to clip the off bail as the gap between bat and pad was minimal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15562973", "title": "Was palace defaced with PM's fund?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was in an August 2009 meeting chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that a grant of Rs 17 crore was sanctioned for the upkeep of the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Memorial in Shahibaug. In this meeting, Singh described Sardar Patel as a national icon. The meeting was also attended by Pranab Mukherjee , the finance minister at that time; urban development minister S Jaipal Reddy; and the culture secretary.Once the grant was sanctioned, the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) did not bother to seek permission to tamper with the heritage structure, although government clearances are mandatory to use the funds in such a manner. The society's approach was casual though the Prime Minister himself was involved in sanctioning the fund and the structure was one of the first creations of architect-emperor Shah Jahan.Because central funds were being utilized, SVPMS was legally bound to secure all permissions - from the Gujarat state archaeology department and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation - before starting the construction work. But the society was cavalier about this legal obligation.The Prime Minister had personally said in the meeting that, \"Sardar Patel is our national icon and we should not be miserly in accepting the requests from these trusts\". While a sum of Rs 17 crore was given to SVPMS in Ahmedabad, Rs 3 crore will be given to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and Vir Viththalbhai Patel Memorial at Karamsad. Before the Prime Minister called this special meeting, there were several requests from the trusts seeking money for the upkeep and renovation of the memorials.\"Not just the central government but 11 large-hearted corporate houses and government PSUs have together contributed Rs 4.75 crore for the society for the upkeep of the museum,\" says a senior revenue department official. \"The donations were made between 2003 and 2010. When central funds were to be used, the society would have had to first submit approved building plans and necessary permissions. How the society managed to start construction first requires an inquiry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563527", "title": "Few roads to be made one-way on trial basis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In view of the recurring problem of increasing vehicles and traffic jams on some of the busy stretches in different parts of the city the traffic police is considering making a few of these roads one-way. This will be done by barring vehicles coming from one direction and making them take a different route. Sign boards will be put up directing commuters in this regard.As a pilot project the traffic police will start with the route connecting sectors 15-16 traffic light point with sectors 14-5 traffic light point. Once it is implemented, vehicles coming from Panjab University (PU) side would be barred and commuters will have to take another route to enter Sector 15. This stretch normally witnesses a huge traffic rush, throughout the day, as Sector 15 has a large population of students from Panjab University and different colleges staying there in paying guest accommodations.Chandigarh police is planning to make the route connecting sectors 15-16 traffic light point with sectors 14-5 traffic light point one-way on a trial basis. Police have decided this after conducting a comprehensive survey of traffic movement, at different hours, on diverse stretches.Roads that would be made one way on trial basis include those connecting sectors 15-16 traffic light point with sectors 14-15 light point, sectors 23-24 light point with sectors 22-23 light point and various roads in the southern part of the city. Police said if the results were fruitful then these stretches would be made one-way permanently.Making some internal stretches one-way could help decongest various city roads. We have done a proper survey about the number of vehicles and commuters passing through them every day. After making a particular stretch one way, traffic coming from the other side would take a different route,\" Vijay Kumar , deputy superintendent of police (traffic), told TOI.Police is also discussing this issue with market associations and resident welfare groups. a??Making some roads one-way could lead to an uproar among public, especially traders, but there is nothing wrong in it. And we would go ahead with it only after considering all pros and cons. The one-ay system would in fact ensure smooth flow of traffic. Chandigarh traffic is increasing at a fast pace and in the future we will have to accept the one-way traffic concept on some of the busiest stretches,a?? he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564457", "title": "Bow wow: Stray dogs as pets in Dwarka slums", "text": "NEW DELHI: Duran Singh calls out to his dogs as he brews a pot of masala chai at his stall under a peepal tree. He shouts different names each time, but they never fail to show up for their daily dose of crisp rusk biscuits and matthis.At any given day, Singh distributes at least one kilo of matthis and half a kilo of biscuits between the five or seven stray dogs he has adopted over the years. \"I simply love them. And when God has given me enough, who shouldn't I serve animals as well,\" he says.Singh, who lives in a Dwarka slum, says his love for animals, dogs especially, goes back to ever since he can remember, but not everybody in the area feels the same way. Bondana Dutta, who runs Alliance for Animals and People, hopes to change that with its pilot project, Sachchar.Implemented at a cluster of bastis spread across four blocks in Dwarka Sector 7, the programme aims to foster better interaction between animals and people, especially children. \"Animals play an immense role in a rural setting, especially for children who crave emotional connect. With Sachchar, we want to improve the quality of life for both groups,\" says Dutta, who is now looking to expand the programme into two neighbouring blocks.Since its inception in 2009, the organization has held workshops on basic first-aid for animals, rabies awareness camps, competitions and quizzes to involve children, sterilization to control the stray population, street plays on animal protection laws, and campaigns in government schools. \"We have also tied up with Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital and Sonadi, an NGO, which sends vans once a month for vaccination of the dogs,\" says Mahesh Kashyap, who is part of Sachchar's youth group.About 20 homes in the slum have adopted strays, says coordinator Ram Kumar, but people who haven't have at least begun to feed and respect them. \"We drink the same water, eat the same food, and use the same utensils,\" says Tijiya, who has adopted three dogs, a hen, and most recently a kitten. But the love is hardly unrequited \u2014 she says her dogs don't eat when they see her distressed in any way.\"We adopted Romeo about two years back when his eyes weren't even open, and fed him milk with a spoon. Now he's just another family member,\" says Arti Devi, who lives with her husband and five children in a small house opposite the block's barren park. Her face lights up like a proud mother as she talks of his favourite food \u2014 eggs, dried rotis and chicken bones \u2014 his ability to understand everything, and his fierce loyalty \u2014 he doesn't let any stranger near their door.But once you get past the growling and walk into their home, he's as friendly as can be \u2014 he runs around the area soaking in all the attention the neighbours shower upon him, refuses to stay still for a picture, and only settles down in the middle of the room when he's worn out.The slum is hardly perfect to build a life in but the people have about 260 canine companions to make things better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15562832", "title": "Report on scholarship scam gathers dust", "text": "Wardha: The report of the Nemade committee, which was constituted to probe into irregularities in disbursement of scholarships meant for SC/ST students studying in several technical colleges of Wardha, seems to be gathering dust. The scam report had indicated irregularities of Rs48 crore.However, it has come to fore that the social welfare department has formed another committee to the re-inspect scholarship scam report of Wardha. The committee will be headed by the commissioner of the department.The deputy director of finance of social welfare department of Amravati division, D Nemade, had submitted his report of Wardha scholarship scam in May last year. Almost all 107 technical institutes and colleges of Wardha district were indicted in the scam. The report prompted the director of MSBTE to start e-scholarship for technical students.However, the government neither tabled the Nemade committee report in the state legislature and nor did it implement its recommendations. \"Nemade's report was endorsed by the director of the department. Then how can the government constitute another committee in the same matter,\" asked an official of the department.When contacted, deputy secretary of the department Uttam Lonare refused to provide any details regarding the committee. \"I do not know as to why the committee has been constituted again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15565469", "title": "Ambulance service to run without number", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government is ready to launch an ambulance service exclusively for expectant mothers and newborns without a toll-free number. Even back-end call centre support for the service has not been set up. Known as the UP Ambulance Sewa (UPAS), this network would be besides the multi-crore emergency medical transport service (EMTS) project, which is yet to take off.Although little has been done to set up the call centre required for this new project or start the toll-free number, funds for the project have been sanctioned. The project will have one supervisor and three operators per district. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is likely to launch the project next week. According to family welfare department officials, 972 ambulances are to be procured under the scheme. In the first phase, two ambulances each would be sent to 75 districts. By September-end , the plan is to equip all blocks and district general and women hospitals with this service.But, how the scheme would work without a common toll-free number? Mukesh Mehsram, mission director, national rural health minister (NRHM), says that till the time the toll-free number gets operational , the service would be coordinated by accredited social health associates (ASHA).\"We are going to provide a cell phone to all ASHA workers who would be having the cell phone numbers of the medical officer in-charge of their first referral unit. These workers would be asked to circulate their cell phone number in their respective areas,\" Meshram says.The NRHM director says that efforts were on to get a dedicated tollfree number for the service as soon as possible. \"We have written to the BSNL to provide a number for the purpose. The BSNL is also going to set up a call centre for this ambulance service. But that is going to take some time,\" he says. The service would work to implement the Janani Shishu Swastha Karyakram (JSSK), another important programme under NRHM after the Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSK) to promote institutional delivery and check maternal and infant deaths. A similar ambulance service is functional under different names in many other states like Madhya Pradesh (Janani Express), Gujarat (Chiranjeevi) and Chhattisgarh (Mahatari).It may be mentioned here that after much delay, the work to start EMTS, which is also part of the NRHM, has started. After the project got caught in controversy, one of the bidders went court against the allotment of work.About 500 especially assembled ambulances for the purpose are still gathering dust. The court case has now settled, but arrangement to set up the call centre is yet to be made and it seems it would take some time before it could see the light of the day.With one ambulance project being a non-starter , why this haste to launch a second project? Family welfare department officials say that UPAS and EMTS would be two different services. \"UPAS is a dedicated service for transporting expectant mothers to the nearest first referral unit and dropping her back from the health facility to her home. The service would be used to transport the neonatal in case of illness to the health centre and vice-versa. EMTS on the other hand would work as a universal ambulance service for road accidents , heart attacks, burns, riots, natural calamity and other emergency situations,\" says a health official.The need for UPAS was felt after the realisation that delay in medial attention was the main reason for maternal and infant deaths in UP. An estimate prepared by the state family welfare department said that more than 35% of maternal deaths can be checked if patients were transported to the nearest health facility in time. Not only this, in the previous phase of JSSK, state health department roped in private taxis for this purpose. But due to acute shortage of registered taxis the programme did not take off in more than 60% of the targeted places, explains a family welfare department official.Meshram says that lack of work force is the biggest bane of NRHM programme. \"The entire state programme management unit of NRHM is being managed by a handful of people though the Centre has allowed us to hire consultants and other staff. Everything would be streamlined by the end of September,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564756", "title": "Scared Jharkhand students join exodus from southern cities", "text": "RANCHI: Several youngsters studying in Bangalore and Chennai have returned to Jharkhand since Thursday in the wake of perceived threats to people from the northeast in the southern cities. Though most of these students have no connection to northeastern states, their parents have called them home as a precautionary measure.The Yesvantpur-Hatia Express (12836), which arrived at Hatia railway station late on Saturday, had several students from the city on board. \"I caught the train with a lot of difficulty at the last moment because my parents asked me to do so,\" said Prashant Shukla, a second semester engineering student. Shukla, however, insists that he had no reason to panic while he was in Bangalore. \"I did not face any problem in Ganga Nagar, the locality where I live in Bangalore, Police vigilance has been significantly increased since the rumours spread ,\" he added.A student told TOI at Hatia railway station on Saturday morning that a large number of police personnel has been deployed across Bangalore. \"It is likely that even innocent boys can get incriminated by cops for spreading \"rumours\" or things like that. It was thus safe to return,\" said the student.Like aspiring engineers and doctors from the northeast, thousands of students from Jharkhand flock to these southern cities. Many of those returning said that they made a decision to leave when their friends and roommates from Assam decided to go back home. Among the students, it is mostly the girls who have returned.\"My son was living in a rented house at Bangalore's Mahalashmipura with his friends. He was feeling alone and scared after his friends from Assam fled. He will be back after the matter settles down,\" said Shankar Agrawal, a local businessman whose son is pursuing BSc-IT at a private institute.The exodus of students from southern India has fuelled huge waiting lists in Jharkhand-bound trains. Despite this being off-season, the Yesvantpur-Hatia Express and Alleppey Express have long waiting lists of pasengers. Kumar Rajiv, an inspector with the railway police force at Hatia, said: \"This is an off season, but the crowd at the station is far more than normal.\"Alleppey Express - which goes to Dhanbad via Hatia - arrived at Hatia railway station at 9:20am on Sunday with several students. Also, Yesvantpur Tatanagar Super Fast Express from Bangalore and Alleppey Tata Express from Chennai Central junction are also bringing in youngsters to Jamshedpur.Chotanagpur Passengers Association (CPA) vice-president Ashok Nagpal said roughly four lakh youngsters from Jharkhand are studying in southern cities. \"The number of students from Ranchi itself is so huge that we always demand special trains during exams,\" said Nagpal. CPA, however, feels that there is nothing extraordinary if students have come home. \"Parents are always worried about their kids, particularly if they live far away. It is common for them to ask their children to return home for a short while after situations like serial blasts,\" said Nagpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563120", "title": "\u2018Forced\u2019 to fly extra hours, Air India cabin crew start online drive", "text": "MUMBAI: Angry at being \"forced\" to put in extra hours at work, a section of Air India (AI) flight attendants has launched an online campaign to highlight how safety norms are being violated in the process.These AI employees have been uploading instances of such violations on a special page of a social networking site for the past 10 days. They contend that the extra duty hours leave them fatigued and ill-equipped to handle emergencies, if any, during a flight.Pilots and flight attendants have to adhere to a set of work-rest guidelines, known as Flight Duty Time Limitation (FDTL), framed by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). The FDTL lays down the maximum number of hours of flight time and flight duty time a pilot/flight attendant can do in 24 hours or a week to prevent fatigue.Around 300 cabin crew members of the merged AI operate on the A320 and A330 aircraft to routes in the middle east, southeast Asia and far east. While these are the employees who claim to have been forced to violate FDTL norms over the past few months, it was the Delhi-Dubai-Delhi flight of August 10 that precipitated the matter.Flight duty time begins when the cabin crew report for work at an airport. On August 10, the said flight was delayed. \"The flight attendants pointed out that they would end up doing three hours of extra flight duty time if they operated the flight. However, the airline was not prepared to handle the delay and was in no position to bring in a fresh set of cabin crew,\" said a source. \"They (AI) forced the cabin crew team to violate FDTL norms and operate the flight. After the flight, the crew was grounded by the airline management for 10 days. No reason was given,\" the source added.The Facebook campaign took off the same day and, till now, scores of instances of alleged FDTL violations have poured in. A signature campaign is also on in Delhi and a letter will be sent to the airline's chairman and the director-general of civil aviation soon with details of the violations. About 200 of the affected employees have already signed the letter, said a source.The airline's spokesperson was not available for comment.A flight attendant's role during an emergency is a key factor in determining the passenger survival rate. The crash of Air France flight 358 in August 2005 is a case in point. The A340 aircraft landed at the Toronto airport, failed to stop on the runway, plunged into a creek and burst into flames. The flight attendants carried out the evacuation drill so competently that all 309 people on board, including two infants, survived the crash.One of the AI flights on which FDTL violation is allegedly rampant is the thrice-a-week Delhi-Tokyo-Delhi flight. \"The norm for this lot of flight attendants allows a maximum of 11 hours of flight duty time in 24 hours. But the crew members who operate the flight end up doing 18 hours of duty time,\" said a flight attendant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15563536", "title": "Jayalalithaa \u2018fast-tracks\u2019 Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "A week ago, when he was in Chennai to know for himself the health status of former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, who subsequently died owing to multiple organ failure, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had a first-hand experience of fast-track approval of a proposal.When there was a steady deterioration in Deshmukh's health, Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, school education minister Rajendra Darda and over a dozen cabinet members decided to call on the ailing leader. Accordingly, a message on the visit of Chavan and his cabinet colleagues to Chennai was submitted to Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's office as well as the protocol department. The response was so quick that Chavan's office and the state protocol department were stunned. The Chennai protocol department informed its Maharashtra counterparts that all had been accorded the status of state guests, and thus all their expenses on transport and accommodation in Chennai would be borne by the Tamil Nadu government.For any state government, making arrangements for a visiting chief minister or cabinet members from a neighbouring state is a minor affair and not that expensive, but the moot question is that had the Maharashtra government extended the same courtesy and that too expeditiously to visiting cabinet members? A senior bureaucrat said very rarely the state government extended such facilities at short notice. Even if an intimation on the visit of dignitaries is received in advance, the proposal is examined at three to four levels and then it is decided whether to grant state guest status or not; the final decision on state guest status is taken by the chief minister.In Maharashtra, the practice is that barring deploying a protocol officer, the state government expects that the visiting cabinet minister bears expenses on transport and accommodation.Endless talk over memorialIt's more than a year, and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan are unable to provide factual information on the status of allotment of land for the construction of a Dr Ambedkar memorial on land owned by the National Textile Corporation in Dadar.When an agitation for allotment of land was at its peak, Chavan assured Dalit activists that all steps will be taken for construction of the memorial. Later, Chavan himself led an all-party delegation to Manmohan Singh for allotment of land. Following the PM's intervention, it was assumed that the row had been resolved and that soon the land would be transferred to the state.According to reports, after a meeting between the PM and CM, more meetings were held between a team of high-level bureaucrats led by the chief secretary and Union textile secretary on transfer of land. Significantly, all meetings were inconclusive, since the NTC insisted on payment for land as per the market rate, which comes to Rs 5,500 crore. Instead of Rs 5,500 crore, the state government submitted options, including grant of additional FSI to NTC projects in the metropolis or grant of transfer of development rights, but NTC did not respond.If the state government is serious about the memorial, unless it resolves the row over cost of land, discussions at the level of PM and CM will be endless.Appointment gamesEven as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and All-India Congress Committee general secretary Mohan Prakash were dithering over the appointment of political activists on state-run corporations and enterprises, senior Nationalist Congress Party leader and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar quietly nominated trusted aides to key corporations. A month ago, Pawar appointed heads of the City and Industries Development Corporation, Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation, Mumbai Repair Board, all four regional irrigation corporations and state minorities commission, while the chairman of the Siddhivinayak Trust continues to hold office even after expiry of his term three years ago.As per the power-sharing formula between the Congress and NCP, heads of state-run enterprises and corporations under departments held by the Congress are to be appointed by the chief minister, while heads of enterprises and corporations under departments held by the NCP are to be appointed by its party bosses.It was generally accepted that though appointments are to be made separately, the announcement will be simultaneously. But when the Congress was unable to take decisions owing to intra-party disputes and too many claimants for key corporations, the NCP unilaterally made appointments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570144", "title": "Trauma: Can you sleep it off?", "text": "When you are stressed, all you may be longing for is a good night's sleep. Similarly, if you have just had a really traumatic experience, it's natural to think that sleep would help heal. But recent research at Jawaharlal Nehru University's School of Life Sciences questions this idea.It claims that making a person sleep immediately after he has experienced trauma will only make the memories of the incident stronger. The JNU sleep research team will be formally publishing this finding in a journal soon.In a series of experiments on mice, the team discovered a unique relationship between sleep and trauma by creating what they call \"a cued fear conditioning\". Team leader Sushil Kumar Jha explains: \"We first scared them by making a sound followed by a fear stimulus. The conditioning was very much like post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in humans. The next day they were only made to hear the sound and the physical stimulus was not given. They still got scared.\" One group of mice was then allowed to sleep immediately after while another group was not allowed to sleep for six hours. \"We again made the sound to see how they respond,\" says Jha. Once again, the group that slept got scared; the group that was not allowed to sleep did not respond with fear. According to Jha, sleeping right after the traumatic event may have helped in consolidating memories of the trauma in the first group.\"In real life, when people suffering from PTSD are taken to hospital they are made to sleep immediately. Instead, if they are given painkillers and kept awake for some hours it may help them deal with the trauma better. We are still working on the study and will be ready with the results soon,\" adds Jha.However, H Chandrasekhar, head of psychiatry at Bangalore Medical College, says it's too early to say if sleep has any role in trauma management. \"I can only say that the more you sleep, the more you remember. In case of trauma patients, the immediate need will be pain management than sleep. Also, the findings of the JNU research I think will vary with the kind of trauma a person experiences,\" he says.JNU researchers are also working on various aspects of sleep's impact on health and learning. Disturbed sleep due to stress can lead to conditions like obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular problems and a compromised immune system. A global study by Warwick Medical School estimates that over 150 million people aged 50 and above in the developing world \u2014 including 5% of Indians \u2014 suffer from sleep disorders.Sleep also affects cognitive capabilities. One study currently underway at JNU shows that learning sessions lead to deep and sound slumber. The team also advocates a 15 to 20-minute power nap after lunch for people at work. Especially if their work involves multitasking and decision-making, such as people in managerial roles. \"Tiredness affects decisiveness. If you are groggy, you will obviously experience attention deficit. Even the caffeine high of tea and coffee cannot give you the same alertness that you experience after a short nap,\" says Jha.He explains that their findings are based on animal experiments and there is a growing body of evidence that power naps are good. \"But we perceive sleeping at work to be a crime. Anyone who is seen to be falling asleep is criticized. I think companies should start looking at power naps differently,\" says Jha.NAP WRAP There are five stages of sleep. Stage 1 is very light sleep while stage 5 is the deepest.Sleep brings down body temperature. Stress-induced sleep deprivation can cause obesity &amp; hypertension; immune system is compromised. The notion that a glass of milk before going to bed may induce good sleep may be false. A neurotransmitter called serotonin is released in milk that is actually a wake inducer. So milk before sleep may lead to lighter sleep. Sleep consolidates memory. So sleeping after a session of learning leads to better recall. Power naps help you become alert and decisive. A 15-20 minute power nap after lunch is ideal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564444", "title": "Monorail project to start next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monorail project looks set to move into high gear with the Delhi Metro having started work on the revised detailed project report. The work on 10.8km-long Phase I of the monorail, which will run from Shastri Park to Trilokpuri, will start by next year, a DMRC official saids.\"We have received the original DPR that was undertaken by RITES and have started work on the revised DPR. It will be ready in three months,\" said a senior Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DRC) official.The expected ridership of this line in 2017 is 1.37 lakh as per Delhi Metro.DMRC, which will also give the cost estimate for the project with the DPR, is planning to integrate the monorail alignment with the stations on the Delhi Metro network. \"The monorail will intersect with the Delhi Metro at three points - the existing stations in Shastri Park and Nirman Vihar and a Phase III station at Trilokpuri,\" said the official.Unlike the original single-way scheme, Delhi Metro is planning to make it a two-way system. \"It will not be like the Las Vegas model but rather a two-way system. We are looking into the specifics of the system and the area it will go through first,\" said the source.With the monorail going through some very congested colonies, Delhi Metro admits that it will be a \"very difficult\" line.\"The areas along the alignment are highly populated. We shall have to look at the available land before deciding on factors like viaduct etc.\" said the official.Sources said the Delhi Metro had earlier rejected taking the Metro network to these areas because it was so congested.Last month, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit had announced that the monorail will be extended beyond Trilokpuri to Vishwavidyalaya. Asking officials to ensure early implementation of the project, Dikshit had said that the non-polluting monorail network would ease traffic congestion in various areas in east Delhi.The existing route from Shastri Park Metro station will pass through Yamuna Pushta Road, Raja Ram Kohli Marg, New Patparganj Road, Sanjay Nagar Lake to terminate parallel and connect Trilokpuri Metro station.The proposed stations on the approved route are Shastri Park, Kailash Nagar, Gandhi Nagar, Taj Enclave, Geeta Colony, Guru Angad Nagar, Scope Tower, Ganesh Nagar, Mother Dairy, Patpar Ganj, Kotla and Trilokpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15563256", "title": "Bar fight sees Borda tense", "text": "MARGAO: Clashes broke out between two groups at a bar in Borda, Margao, on Saturday night creating tension in the area.Acting on complaints lodged by both parties, the Margao police swung into action and arrested several persons from both groups. All were released later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563159", "title": "University of Madras faces shortage of professors", "text": "CHENNAI: It is one of the premier educational institutions in southern India but the University of Madras is now facing a shortage of professors that has left many departments without a head.The university's academic excellence is in danger of crumbling due to a dearth of faculty, said sources.Nearly 30% of departments on the Marina, Chepauk and Taramani campuses do not have professors to head them. At present, they are either governed by associate professors or professors from other departments.If the head of economics department is from the econometrics section, the department of Saiva Siddhanta has a professor from philosophy, while the Tamil language department is functioning under an Urdu professor. Departments like polymer science, anatomy and physiology have only assistant professors (also known as lecturers) holding charge of both academics and administration. The Jainalogy department too has been functioning without a head for a long time.Even though UGC norms have prescribed one professor, two associate professors and four assistant professors for each department, many departments in the university do not have even three members, sources say. \"This results in less representation in the university senate, hampers policy decisions, and takes a toll on quality of education,\" a syndicate member said. The apex body meets every six months to take decisions on projects, funds, etc. The departments without heads are not represented in the senate, and deprived of any benefits.Two faculty members have been drawn from philosophy and Sanskrit to run the Saiva Siddhanta section, which has no supporting staff. An assistant professor of Sanskrit now lectures on Patanjali Yogasutram, Panniru Thirumurai classics and Thirumandiram to the students of Saiva Siddhanta. \"The future remains bleak here,\" said a source. With a lone assistant professor at the helm, the department of Christian studies has 45 students in its roll for masters' programme, M.Phil and Ph.d., and heavily relies on guest lecturers. The scene is no different in department of education, where an assistant professor from Adult and Continuous Education has been deputed to act as the in-charge.University of Madras vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam told TOI that nearly 130 vacancies could not be filled due to legal hurdles in the past. \"There are no qualified professors to depute them as head. The administration even advertised to fill up 74 posts of assistant professors recently. Even as the selection process was almost complete, the parties went to the court challenging a government order on reservation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563094", "title": "What happened to promise of varsity in Rewari: Yadav to CM", "text": "GURGAON: Accusing chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda of not fulfilling his promise of a Central University in Rewari, state power minister Ajay Singh Yadav called off a rally scheduled on September 1 there. Yadav said he would raise the issue and the concerns of south Haryana and not mind losing his ministerial berth for his people's sake.In a press conference at the Congress committee district office here, Yadav said that he, along with Gurgaon MP Rao Inderjeet Singh, will continue to fight for a university in Rewari.\"Rewari's Meerpur regional centre has been there for over 17 years but never received a university status. Before the election, the chief minister said that the Meerpur regional centre will get a university status. Earlier, too, such regional centres have been granted university status as in Sonipat, Rohtak, Sirsa and Kurukshetra. I don't know why this discrimination with Mirpur,\" said Yadav.Yadav said when he asked the people of his constituency to join him in the Sepetember 1 rally, they asked him about the University. He has since met the chief minister who said that it was possible to grant Meerpur regional centre university status.\"I have called off the rally on September, 1. I will not tolerate injustice with the people in any way,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563721", "title": "Is Trinamool treading Left's dalatantra path?", "text": "KOLKATA: If dalatantra or the all-pervasive big brother's glare on every sphere of life was one of the reasons why the CPM was ousted from power after a reign of 34 years, isn't Trinamool Congress treading the same path?The comparisons are bound to arise after Trinamool Congress on Sunday formally asked its frontal organisations to take on those of CPM in the sphere of education from Calcutta University teachers to government's non-teaching staff unions. The Trinamool unions will be overseen by the education cell chairperson and state education minister Bratya Basu.Basu will be advised by a core committee on various issues. It will comprise union railway minister Mukul Roy, industry minister Partha Chatterjee, party state president and MP Subrata Bakshi, party's Rajya Sabha chief whip Derek O' Brien and the chairpersons of the three frontal organisations - Krishnakali Basu (CU teachers' association), Shyam Patra (primary school teachers' association) and Gagan Sarkar (non-teaching staff association). Earlier, Trinamool had an education cell, but there weren't so many unions like the CPM.With an eye on the forthcoming panchayat elections, the party has also created a panchayat cell to be chaired by panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee. Union minister Sishir Adhikari has been selected the vice chairman to steer the party into the all-crucial civic polls slated October end, soon after the Durga Pujas. Veteran MLAs like Jyotirmoy Kar and Narayan Goswami have been made convenors of this cell.Trinamool general-secretary Partha Chatterjee said, \"Trinamool will have only one union in one organisation.\" With this declaration, the party - at chief minister Mamata Banerjee's behest - is trying to put a lid on the bitter infighting among party ranks that has led to several Trinamool unions in one body owing allegiance to several leaders.On the other hand, few others viewed the statement as a rebuff to INTTUC state president Dola Sen, whose power to recognise any union under INNTUC was recently taken away and handed over to a collective combine of leaders, headed by the newly appointed INTTUC's national president Subrata Mukherjee. Sen and the party's assembly chief whip Sovandeb Chattopadhyay - a veteran trade union leader - were often at loggerheads which gave rise to such factionalism. However, Chatterjee refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "15564737", "title": "B S Yeddyurappa, K S Eshwarappa vow to tackle drought", "text": "SHIMOGA: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa, two leaders from the district who have been poles apart for nearly four years, met on a common platform to address the media at Shimoga on Sunday.Both the leaders promised to work together to solve the problems of drought-affected people of the State.While Eshwarappa maintained that the proposed tour in drought-affected districts by Yeddyurappa - beginning from Tumkur on August 21 - was a fact-finding activity by the party and not by an individual, Yeddyurappa stressed that his sojourn was mainly to \"infuse confidence among people\".On day one of the tour, Eshwarappa said Yeddyurappa would be joined by himself and chief minister Jagadish Shettar, after which representatives from each region would join the former chief minister.He urged the Centre to show more concern towards people affected by drought and provide more benefits for them in terms of food, fodder, waving off loans and incentives. \"When the state has provided Rs 3,600 crore loan to farmers at 1% interest, the Centre could do so too,\" he said.Eshwarappa warned the officials of strict action if they waned in their commitment to people. Relief measures must be adopted effectively and village visit must be conducted regularly, he said.Yeddyurappa was not to be left behind the deputy chief minister in warning his party leaders and workers. He said he would not tolerate it if he found out the government was indulging \"lip sympathy\" instead of proper involvement with people and their problems. \"Given the seriousness of the present situation, the party must involve grass root workers in war footing,\" he said.He added that he would suggest more measures to the government after he completes his tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15568670", "title": "Rumours of adulterated Nandini milk causes panic", "text": "MANGALORE: After preying on the battered psyche of students from the North-East, rumour mongers had a field day targeting consumers of Nandini milk processed and marketed by Dakshina Kannada Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd (DKMUL) on Monday. A rumour that Nandini milk delivered to agents across Dakshina Kannada and neighbouring Kasargod was adulterated (read poisoned) that spread as wildfire was enough to cause panic.BV Sathyanarayana, manager (marketing) of DKMUL first received a call from an agent at 6.30am in Ullal wanting to confirm if the news of adulteration was true. Things starting going haywire from 8.15am onwards when intensity of rumours grew forcing DKMUL authorities to get into damage control mode and also assuage feelings of dealers and consumers. They immediately sourced nine samples delivered to agents from various places and tested it.With no signs of discolouration on heating, the milk from samples drawn was used to prepare tea and the staff of DKMUL consumed it to set at rest speculation in this regard. However with no signs of rumours abating, Sathyanarayana took the help of visual media to scotch rumours clarifying that milk is absolutely safe and there was nothing wrong with the nearly 2.5-lakh litres of milk processed and dispatched from the Kulshekar dairy in the morning.Sathyanarayana said, \"DKMUL dairy is ISO 22000:2005 certified.\" The Union procures milk from primary milk producers' cooperative societies. \"We know our source (of procurement) very well,\" he said, adding that pasteurising process done at the dairy is safe and there is absolutely no scope for adulteration at any stage.\" The consumers and dealers can be rest assured that the union supplies only quality Nandini milk to end users, he asserted.Incidentally, this newspaper office received calls from neighbouring Kasargod district where DKMUL services a section of consumers there. The callers wanted to know if the 'news' that people had been hospitalised after consuming milk was indeed true. A homemaker at Belthangady too called to 'confirm' if news of children being hospitalised after consuming Nandini milk was true. Their fears were allayed when informed of the factual position.EOM/August 20, 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566915", "title": "Resham Singh Anmol's Dil Mangdi out now", "text": "Dil Mangdi has three videos coming from the album; the first video from the track will be for the title track 'Dil Mangdi' which has been shot in various locations.The album has a varied flavour aiming to please everyone. It has dance floor bangers to mellow romantic tracks. 'Dil Mangdi' has a range of lyricists such as: Raj Kakra, Jeet Kaddon Wala, Dev Thrike Wala, Gaggu Dhurkotia &amp; Koki Deep.Well-established R.Swami &amp; Parmod Sharma Rana have directed videos for the album.Resham has gained vocal skills and knowledge from Late Shri Kuldeep Manak and Sardar Dev Thrike Wala. Resham has also performed several times on stage, with the legendary Late Shri Kuldeep Manak. Resham looks up to Late Shri Kuldeep Manak as his idol; both Late Shri Kuldeep Manak and Sardar Dev 3kwala believe that Resham has the talent and capability to be a world class Panjabi singer.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15562884", "title": "Three in Anti-Corruption Bureau net for taking bribe", "text": "AKOLA: Mohd Adil, Pravin Sathe and Ravi Welkar - all the three electrical employees of K M Asgar Hussain College of Education have been caught red handed accepting the bribe of Rs800 for issuing a cheque of scholarship of Pankaj More (21) a OBC student on Friday noon by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths.A resident of Balapur Road, the complainant, More came to college for receiving the cheque for Rs11,735 towards scholarship for OBC. The three employees allegedly demanded Rs1,000 for issuing the cheque. The deal was struck at Rs800. However, More approached ACB and filed a complaint. The ACB team laid a trap and caught the three employees accepting the cash.Youth electrocuted26-year-old youth Rahul Kukde of village Pothardi in Akola district has been electrocuted on Friday noon. He came into contact with a live wire at his house. He was immediately shifted to a hospital where he died during medical treatment, sources said.Bizman held for abetting to 2{+n}{+d} wife's suicidePankaj Gupta, a middle-aged businessman, has been arrested on Friday for abetting his second wife Versha to commit suicide two days ago. Pankaj and Versha's marriage was second in 2007. Pankaj's first wife had died and Versha had one daughter from her first husband. The couple was residing in Jain Patra Depot area near Dagdi bridge. Versha has been allegedly subjected to physical and mental torture for bringing Rs5 lakh from her parental home. Fed up with the situation, Versha ended life by hanging herself at her residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15568843", "title": "Kerosene-free Delhi scheme to be launched tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi will soon become the first kerosene-free city in the country with the Delhi Government set to launch an ambitious scheme tomorrow under which 3.56 lakh households will get LPG cylinder and a gas stove free of cost.Dikshit announced the scheme in her budget speech after the Government came to a conclusion that subsidised kersone does not reach intended beneficiaries and often ends up in the black market.Under the scheme, government will provide each of the 3,56,395 families, which are getting subsidised kerosene, a filled LPG cylinder, regulator, an ISI-marked gas stove having two burners and a rubber tube.The chief minister, while launching the scheme at the Secretariat tomorrow, will distribute the cylinders and stove to 200 beneficiaries.In her budget speech, Dikshit had announced providing cash subsidy of Rs 2,000 to each of the beneficiary families to buy the cylinder, regulator and gas stove. However, the Cabinet in June decided to provide the cylinder, regulator and gas stove directly to the families.All the families covered under BPL and Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will come under the scheme besides those residing in Jhuggi Jhopri relocation colonies.All the BPL and AAY families are presently eligible to get 12.5 litres of kerosene oil every month at Rs 14.83 per litre against the market rate of Rs 27 to Rs 30.According to a study by National Council of Applied Economic Research, nearly half of the kerosene supplied through PDS in Delhi found its way to black market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15564816", "title": "JD(S) opposes handing over of forestry college", "text": "MADIKERI: The Kodagu wing of JD(S) has opposed the handing over of the management of the College of Forestry at Ponnampet in Kodagu from the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS) in Bangalore to the UAS in Shimoga.The change in management will lead to delay in transactions as the college is more close to Bangalore than Shimoga. As of now, the college is benefiting immensely by being under UAS, Bangalore, and this should not change, they argue.District JD(S) legal cell president M T Cariappa and Virajpet taluk JD(S) leader Kolera Daya Chengappa have opposed the proposal and have threatened to agitate if the proposal is not withdrawn.They have urged Virajpet MLA, Assembly Speaker K G Bopaiah to intervene and stop the proposal from progressing. However, when TOI contacted Bopaiah, he explained that the decision to change the management had already been accepted in the legislative houses. The UAS in Shimoga was recently established and forest colleges in Chitradurga, Udupi, Kodagu, Dakshina Kannada, Chikmagalur and Davanagere would come under Shimoga. The bills were passed in both the Houses.Hassan, however, was not shifted and continues to remain under UAS, Bangalore, since Hassan representatives raised their objections at the right time. Bopaiah added that he was not present when the bill was passed. Regarding government grants for these colleges, he said the change in management would not have any bearing on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15563651", "title": "Heroin haul: ATS team in Punjab in search of smugglers", "text": "JAISALMER: An ATS team from Jaipur has reached Punjab in connection with the investigation into the seizure of 8kg heroin smuggled from Pakistan's border adjoining Jaisalmer. The team has raided many places in search of a heroin smuggler, Guddu Bali.Three smugglers of Punjab were arrested in a hotel at Jaisalmer on August 9 while trying to hand over heroin to another gang. One of the accused, Hasan Khan, was released by the police due to political pressure. However, the ATS has now included him in the FIR lodged in this connection. They are also looking for two local smugglers -- Makhan Khan and Mohammad Khan - who are absconding.According to sources, Punjab-based Guddu Bali had sent three smugglers to Jaisalmer to take the delivery of 8kg heroin. The team raided many places at Holu township of Nava Shahar in Punjab, the native place of smuggler, but no details could be found.Sources said that Guddu Bali had a tie-up with heroin smugglers in Pakistan. As per the plan, Pakistan smugglers gave 10kg heroin to a smuggler named Hajuria to be handed over to Makhan Khan and Pyare Khan, in Jaisalmer.Pak smuggler Hajuria, kept 2 kg of heroin with him as his remuneration and sent the remaining 8kg heroin with his son Nihal to the border of Jaisalmer and handed it over to the smugglers. Sources said that Makhan Khan and Pyare Khan, after collecting the delivery from Nihal, gave the consignment to Jam Khan and his colleague Hasan Khan. Hasan Khan buried the consignment in his field. The ATS and police caught Hasan Khan along with Jam Khan and three other smugglers from Punjab at a hotel, but later due to political pressure, Hasan Khan was released.The ATS has now named Hasan Khan in the FIR and has started a hunt for him. On the other hand, local smuggler Jam Khan and Punjab smuggler Kulvinder Singh were produced in the court on August 18 on the end of remand and the NDPS court has sent them to judicial custody.Prior to this, local smuggler Pyare Khan and Punjab smugglers Paramdeep Singh and Gudeep Singh were sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15563986", "title": "Parents okay with kids going to movies alone", "text": "PUNE: Kids love animation flicks, and eight-year-old Anshul Rane is no exception. He makes sure that he catches all his favourite characters in action as soon as they hit the multiplexes. Now, the best part is he no longer has to wait for boring adults to agree to accompany him to watch an animation movie. At eight, he is good to go alone.An eight-year-old alone in a theatre, you'd wonder. Anshul's parents think it's just fine. Says his father, Prayag: \"Earlier, there would be so many films that he would want to watch which we did not want to. Likewise, there would be films we would want to watch, but could not as it wasn't possible to watch those films with a child. Nowadays, we visit a multiplex and buy animation film tickets for Anshul and tickets of some other movie for me and my wife. We just try and plan it out in a way that the timings match.\"\"This is convenient to all of us. He gets to watch his animation, and we get to watch some serious film. And, neither is made uncomfortable because of the other,\" he argues.Prayag says he got the idea from a friend who has been doing the same for the last one year. \"In fact, nowadays many people in my society are doing it. I would encourage it. It gives the children a sense of independence and makes them less dependent on adults for all their needs.\"Adds Prayag's neighbour Rupesh Gupte: \"Seeing Anshul confidently watching movies alone, I was convinced to try out the same with my seven-year-old daughter Ira. She loved the experience. In fact, she tells us that some of her school friends are a tad jealous as most of them are not allowed to go for movies unaccompanied.\"People like Prayag and Rupesh may wax eloquent about the virtues of independence that a child imbibes through practices likes this, but there are other parents who might give you an uncomfortable, if not shocked, look if you suggest that they let their little ones venture alone in the darkness of a movie hall.Shoumendu Mukherjee, father of another eight-year-old, says, \"Honestly, I would be horrified to let my child alone in a movie hall. One keeps reading about so many things that might go wrong. Were I to let my son watch a movie alone, I would probably be sitting outside on the steps spending some very anxious moments.\"Some of Shoumendu's friends are encouraging their kids to venture alone. He says sometimes when a couple wants some 'us' time, they go out for a lunch and let their kid catch a movie in the meantime in a theatre in the mall where they are enjoying the meal. \"A friend of mine has a habit of arranging her lunch dates with friends in such a manner that her seven-year-old can catch a film in the same mall-cum-multiplex at the same time,\" he adds.Shoumendu thinks acts such as these are happening because of the influence of the West. According to him, people are trying to follow the way the west brings up their kids without actually giving a thought to the vast divide that exists.But, what about the kids? Do they enjoy this kind of an adventure? Anshul says, \"I don't mind. I know I can manage on my own. I don't talk to strangers or take any eatables offered by them. I also carry a cellphone. I'm supposed to hit the emergency dial if anything troubles me, and mom and dad would come immediately.\"Rupesh says, \"As long as one takes a few safety measures like making sure that the child can reach you at any given time and counseling the child in not being taken in by strangers - I think the idea is just fine.\"Prayag says these days children grow up fast and letting them alone helps build character. \"The child would grow up to be more confident. This simple act tells them that we as parents have confidence in them and this in turn brings out the best in them.\"Psychologist Seema Darode agrees with Prayag and Rupesh to some extent. \"We all know how much kids value their independence these days. They like to make their own decisions and are very particular about their likes and dislikes. I think it is perfectly okay if they venture into a movie hall alone, provided it is a children's film. But, if the film has violence then I would advice that parents should make sure that their kids do not watch it at all - with or without parental guidance,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15565405", "title": "He exorcised NE minds of their fear", "text": "BANGALORE: Hundreds of students from northeastern states studying in the city are now finding solace and comfort in Daniel Fernandes, principal , St Joseph's College of Commerce. Going out of his way, Fernandes has conducted counselling classes for 600-odd NE students, assuring them that this city belongs to them as much as it to any other Bangalorean and there is no reason why they should panic. Thanks to his words of encouragement, some home-bound students abandoned their plans. Fernandes also invited Muslim community to reach out to the distressed students . And, it helped.\"They were told that there is nothing they need to be scared of. This is a crisis situation but this will pass soon,\" he said.\"It was difficult to convince the students as anxious parents themselves called me up from their respective states, requesting that their kids be allowed to leave,\" Fernandes explained. But it was important for him to ensure that these 'young' and 'impressionable' minds did not get prejudiced against a particular community for no concrete reason. The objective of the counselling classes was to provide the vulnerable students a platform to openly voice their grievances. Experts, both from among faculty members and outside, were roped in to calm the nerves of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15563254", "title": "'Quantify silt at Selaulim, Khandepar'", "text": "BICHOLIM: Goa government should appoint a committee of experts to assess the quantum of silt deposited in the basin of Selaulim dam and also Khandepar river as there are fears over the issue, social activist Ramesh Gauns said.Speaking to local press persons, he said apprehensions are being raised about a deficit rainfall this year and water availability will be a problem. Both plants provide about 85% of water to the entire state. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15564612", "title": "Jaago Mangalore Association calls off protest march tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Jaago Mangalore Association (JMA) has called off the protest march and meet, planned as part of the week-long protest campaign against attacks on young birthday party revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay in Padil on July 28, on Tuesday. The decision was taken after Mangalore City Police denied them permission to conduct the march citing potential law and order disturbances.Vijaynath Shetty, chief coordinator, JMA, said following the recent developments regarding the protest campaign, he met city police chief Seemant Kumar Singh and sought clearance for the protest march and meet on Tuesday. However, Seemant expressed his unwillingness to grant permission stating that it might lead to untoward law and order situations.The main objective behind organizing such an event was to express strong disapproval against violence, especially violence against women.Earlier, Mangalore City Police on Thursday had arrested Vijaynath Shetty and Gurudath Kamath, two victims of the Padil attack, along with Vijay Kumar and others when they attempted to hold a protest meeting in front of the office of deputy commissioner here. Seemant had justified the action stating the association's office-bearers did not obtain prior permission or intimate the jurisdictional police about their protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563142", "title": "Two girls who fled home were raped", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two minor girls who went missing from their home in Vejalpur in 2011 were raped during their stay in Mumbai, said the city crime branch officials who brought them home from Mumbai on Sunday.Cops traced the two sisters who had gone missing 11 months back from Vejalpur to a suburb in Mumbai. After their return to the city the girls were sent for medical checkup. Police have booked eight persons including two couple for the crime.Police said they got a tip-off that two sisters, residents of Vejalpur, were living in Mumbai. Disha and Esha (names changed), both 16 at the time of disappearance, were married to two brothers. \"We got our leads from Surat where the girls first landed after fleeing from home. They came in contact with a couple who got them married to brothers Anil and Ravi Dhamecha, vegetable vendors, in the same month. The duo then shifted to Mumbai and took the girls along. Esha is pregnant now. We've charged the brothers and his six relatives including his parents and brothers for the crime,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562931", "title": "Father of a child held for kidnapping, raping Std X student", "text": "NAGPUR: A lover's dream run ended behind the bars after a minor girl's father lodged a complaint with Lakadganj police on Saturday. The cops have charged the lover, identified as Vicky Khare, with kidnapping and rape of Mona (name changed). Mona is a 15-year-old standard X student.Sources in the police station said Khare, who is married and has fathered a child, knew the girl for the last couple of years since they were neighbours at Swatantra Nagar near Jagnade chowk. Khare, who is a driver, had later shifted to Indora, where he stayed with his wife and child. He was arrested early on Sunday morning.The case against Khare was filed by the girl's parents, who were angry with the married lover leading the girl astray despite many warnings by them. Sources said Mona had once earlier gone to Mansar with Khare and returned after a day.On Friday, Mona had expressed a wish to marry Khare even though she knew he was already married. This enraged Mona's father, and the girl left home after being scolded. She is said to have met Khare near Jagnade Chowk before the duo went to a desolate place at Bagadganj where they had sexual intercourse.Mona was taken to Untkhana Chowk by Khare the following day, and asked Mona to return home in an autorickshaw. However, a scared Mona went to Kamptee, from where her father brought her home later. After learning about her physical relations with Khare, Mona's father took her to the police station to report the matter.Police claimed Khare kidnapped Mona on the pretext of introducing her to his mother. Family sources though said the girl had gone with Khare after he came to fetch her. Police said the victim told them that she had been forced into sexual intercourse against her wishes by Khare, who also manhandled her. Mona has told the police that Khare raped her four times and also assaulted her with sticks.Reliable sources said there was some enmity between Khare and Mona's father when they were neighbours. Khare had been thrashed twice by Mona's father for teasing girls in the neighbourhood. Sources also said that Mona's father has been acquitted of a murder charge earlier. He also supplies illegal country liquor from his residence, which is within the limits of Nandanvan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564653", "title": "\u2018Reply to plea by teachers on pay panel\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city government has been asked by Delhi high court to respond to a plea seeking direction to a private school for implementing the recommendations of Fifth and Sixth Pay Panels on allowances and other benefits. Issuing notices to the Delhi government's Director of Education and Virmani Public School, Roop Nagar, Justice Suresh Kait sought their replies by September 12 on the plea of teachers who alleged that the school has failed to pay them the allowances as per the recommendations.In a petition, filed through counsel Ashok Aggarwal, the teachers contended that the school management has failed to implement the two pay panels' recommendations fully.The teachers said that though their pay was re-fixed in the pay scale as recommended by the Fifth Pay Commission with effect from January 1,1996 and the Sixth Pay Commission with effect from January 1, 2006, they were not paid other allowances like house rent allowance, travelling allowance, dearness allowances, grade pay, etc as due and payable to them as per the recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563675", "title": "Breach of power quota to land state chief secreatry in jail?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is considering putting in place legal provisions to impose heavy fines and imprison chief secretary and other authorities of states that draw more than their scheduled quota of power from regional grids.\"I am contemplating now heavy fine and also a provision to imprison authorities and state chief secretaries for disobeying that (load dispatcher's order to stop overdrawing)... perhaps we need to enforce it,\" power minister M Veerappa Moily said on Sunday.Nearly half of the country's population in the northern, eastern and the north-eastern regions were rendered powerless for more than 12 hours on July 31 as the regional grids went on the blink one after another in a domino effect triggered by overdrawal by states in the northern grid.The world's biggest blackout in terms of the number of people affected happened within 24 hours of the northern grid collapsing early morning on July 30 that left eight northern states and the Union Territory of Chandigarh without power for up to 8 hours.As first reported by TOI on August 17, Moily said a combination of overdrawing and overloading was responsible for triggering the July 31 blackout.\"There are various reasons and it is not only overdrawing by some of the states in the northern grid but it is also due to overloading from the western grid... One side, overloading from the western grid, second overdrawal here (northern grid) and the combination meant grid collapses for two consecutive days,\" Moily said.The blackout probe report by a panel under Central Electricity Authority chairman A S Bakshi, first reported in TOI on August 17, said flow of electricity in the grid system exceeded capacity at several sections of the network since a number of trunk lines were down for maintenance. The non-availability of these lines also reduced the system's capacity to cope with sudden changes in demand or supply of power.As a case in point, the report said, power flow on the 400 kv Agra-Gwalior-Bina section crossed 1,000 mw, even as the second line circuit was out since July 28 for upgrade to 765 kv.Agra is the junction of the northern, eastern and western grids. The grid collapse on both occasions was triggered at this junction. The July 31 blackout was triggered when rains in the western region pulled down demand, while it spiked in the northern and eastern regions.But the Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre allowed the load on the grid to remain unchecked for long periods that ultimately pulled down the three inter-connected networks, the report said in a scathing indictment of the grid operator's poor management.The report also identified northern states, particularly Haryana, for drawing more power than their schedule as a problem. Haryana was overdrawing by 25.5%, UP 20.8% and Punjab 5.5% when the northern grid collapsed on July 30. During the second blackout, Haryana was drawing 22.4% excess power but UP had reduced its overdrawal to 6.4% and Punjab to 1.2%.The report said over-drawing was a regular affair in June and July and both the regulator as well as the grid operator was fully aware of the dangers. The operator also failed to see the warning sign as there was a \"near miss\" situation on July 29. The report said the frequency remained below the accepted 49.5 Hz for 70% of the time on certain days and loading of the grid far exceeded the capacity of the lines to absorb a surge of 691 mw.Violation of line overloading was permitted on both July 30 and July 31, the report said and noted that the northern grid demand-supply gap exceeded 30% when it collapsed for a second time on July 31 and brought down the eastern and north-eastern grids.Moily said there should be independent regulatory authorities at the state level to check overdrawing by various states. \"We may have to bring some legislation and amendment to the 2003 Electricity Act to ensure that their enforcement powers are really strengthened.\"To ensure that key services are not impacted during grid failures, the government is looking at islanding of critical facilities such as hospitals, airports, railways and the Metro, Moily said. However, he noted that islanding \"the entire capital (New Delhi) would not be possible\".Islanding refers to dedicated electricity transmission lines for vital services that would help in insulating them in the event of major power outages. Moily noted that power distribution system in the country \"is in bad shape\".The power distribution companies (discoms) are bogged down by huge losses and the government is working on rejigging their debt. \"We are working on a debt restructuring plan... so that all the state distribution system is revamped. (It) will be done with very stringent conditions,\" he said, adding that the matter was before the Cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564022", "title": "Oommen Chandy inaugurates neurocenter", "text": "KOCHI: The advancements in medical science should be disseminated to the general public and the success lies in how well the public is making use of the advancements, said chief minister Oommen Chandy while inaugurating The Neurocenter in Kochi on Sunday.The clinic started in the city by a team of doctors will address various psychiatric and neurological problems among adults and children.\"We have come up with an initiative in which neurology and psychiatry join hands for the benefit of patients which will help in diagnosis as well as treatment. The centre will also give special emphasis on neurological and developmental disorders in children with autism, learning disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD),\" said senior psychiatrist Dr Philip John.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562918", "title": "2 held for murder, 8 nabbed for serious assaults", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police have taken two persons into custody for a murder at Gupta Chowk in Surendragarh on Saturday night. Other than this, there have been several cases of assault leading to arrest of eight people in different incidents on the same day.Nagraj Gawander was allegedly beaten to death over a trivial issue by the two accused. Police arrested Laxman Shetty and Rakesh Naidu after it came to fore that they thrashed Gawander, who was creating a ruckus over illegal sale of liquor and narcotics. Sources in the locality claimed that Gawander, a daily wage labourer, was demanding liquor when some goons with the racketeers targeted him. Police have launched a manhunt for history-sheeter Sajjan Gullewar, who is also said to be involved in the murder.In an incident at Kharbi, four accused were arrested by Nandanvan police for attacking a man and his uncle. The goons suspected that the two had informed the cops about their gambling. The culprits first dragged out Lankesh Bilwane and stabbed him. Later, Lankesh's uncle too was assaulted with sharp objects.In a separate incident, Swapnil Khandekar and Pravin Bire were assaulted with sharp weapons by Roshan Kamble, Mukesh Potfode and others over a dispute while driving on Nagpur-Amravati Road. Kamble and Potfode intercepted Khandekar and Bire's car before assaulting them. The culprits also damaged the victim's car. After a complaint by Khandekar and Bire, Wadi police arrested Kamble and Potfode and charged them with attempt to murder.Meanwhile, a 45-year-old man was stabbed by six people at Koradi over chewing 'kharra'. Dinesh Meshram is recuperating at a private hospital after being stabbed by the culprits near a pan kiosk. Koradi police have arrested Manoj Bhusari and Pankaj Mohodkar in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567426", "title": "Monica Batra in Dil Ho Gail Kurbaan", "text": "Hailing from Dehradun but have marked a niche with her presence in the Bhojpuri film industry Monica Singh Batra will soon be seen in 'Dil Ho Gail Kurbaan'. Avinash Shahi is paired opposite Monica Batra in this film directed by Brij Bhushan.Monica says her journey from NSD to Bhojpuri film industry was not so easy. But slowly she has been able to reign at her audience's heart.Monica received superstardom when she was paired opposite Manoj Bajpayee in their Bhojpuri movie together, 'Aelaan Ba'.She has one more movie 'Kasam Tiranga Ke' in her kitty now.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15564105", "title": "Maoist victim\u2019s body carried on motorcycle", "text": "BHOPAL: The brother of a school teacher killed by the Maoists was forced to carry the body tied up with rope on a motorcycle because the police - to say nothing about the petrified villagers - refused to come forward to claim the body which the rebels had thrown by the wayside at Jholaro village in Naxalite affected Gariaband district of Chhattisgarh.Raiman Singh (40) paid with his life for making the \"mistake\" of allowing a few policemen to spend the night in a school where he worked as a teacher on an honorary basis. Branding him an informer, the rebels kidnapped him, slit his throat, and threw his body by the roadside on August 14. They also left pamphlets near the body warning that such fate would befall anybody who helps the police.\"How could I've left my brother's body by the roadside? When no one turned up to help, I had to take it to the police station on my motorcycle,\" Roop said.Gariaband SP Ram Gopal Garg denied that Raiman was a police informer. \"The Maoists killed him to create terror.\" He also denied that the police did not go for the recovery of Raman's body.The relatives allege that although Raiman was kidnapped on August 7, the police did not lodge a case claiming that they were not told that he was taken away by the Maoists. \"They just told us that someone came to call him and he went along with him,\" said Garg.Maoist rebels in Chhattisgarh have been stepping up pressure on the locals not to allow security forces to stay in school buildings. In tribal Bastar, rebels have blown up hundreds of school buildings since 2005 to prevent the security forces from occupying the buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563627", "title": "Tricolour hues paint school campuses red", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Independence Day celebration Students of DAV Model School, Sector 15-A, Chandigarh, celebrated Independence Day with patriotic fervour. Pre-primary students were invited to the function to inculcate in them love and respect for the country. Teacher trainees presented patriotic dance and songs. Students recited poems. The programme that had started with ''Vande Mataram'' ended with a \"giddha\" performance.Bagging the first prize Two hundred enthusiastic dancers of KBDAV, Sector 7, Chandigarh, bagged the first prize during the Independence Day celebrations at Parade Ground. UT administrator Shivraj Patil presented a memento to the students. The school too celebrated the day on its campus. About 1,200 students presented cultural programmes.Unfurling the 'Tiranga' Independence Day was celebrated at Delhi Public School, Chandigarh. The programme began with the unfurling of ''Tiranga'' and singing of National Anthem. The school choir sang the ever-inspiring patriotic song, \"Jai Bharat, Jai Hindustan\" in which all students and staff joined in.Recalling the sacrifices of freedom fighters Shemrock Senior Secondary School, Sector 69, Mohali, celebrated the Independence Day by recalling the sacrifices of freedom fighters. Junior wing students came dressed as freedom fighters. A dance on \"Rang De Basanti\" and 'bhangra' wowed one and all. Students of classes V and VI sang songs and students of classes VI and VIII presented a play on animals.Poems, songs markthe day Independence Day was celebrated at St John's High School. Kavita C Das, principal, hoisted the flag. Students recited patriotic poems, sang songs and presented dance. Students of NGO \"Hamari Kaksha\" staged a street play on 'Corruption in society'. The programme concluded with the National Anthem.Colourful programme Saupin's School, Panchkula, organized a cultural programme to mark the Independence Day. The national flag was unfurled by principal Jayeta. It was followed by singing of the National Anthem. The four houses presented a march-past.Kids fly kites ATS Valley School, Derabassi, organized a programme to celebrate the Independence Day. Songs, dance and kite-flying kept the students busy. The celebration started with a short speech by head of junior school Inderjeet Grewal.Learning all about freedom struggle Satluj Public School, sectors 2 and 4, Panchkula, celebrated Independence Day with a host of activities. The National Flag was hoisted and National Anthem sung. Principal Krit Serai told students about the freedom struggle. The cultural programme started with a patriotic group song followed by a quiz, dance and declamation, solo singing, solo dance and fancy dress competitions. Later, a patriotic play was organized.Shaheed Bhagat Singh's nephew visits school At St Soldier, Mohali, students celebrated with fervour Independence Day. Abhay Singh, nephew of freedom fighter Shaheed Bhagat Singh visited the campus and students. Inter-house patriotic song competition was held. A quiz on 65 years of Independent India was conducted for classes III to XII.Kids take pledge for country Students of Saupin's School, Sector 32, Chandigarh, celebrated the 65 years of Indian Independence with zeal. They sang patriotic songs and performed dance. Later, they took a pledge to contribute towards the country's development.Soaked in Tricolour hues St Anne's Convent School, Sector 32, Chandigarh, celebrated the Independence Day with enthusiasm. Father Dominic, Parish priest, hoisted the National Flag. He told students about the sacrifices of the freedom fighters. Students presented a cultural programme of dance, speech and songs. The song \"Hind desh ke niwasi sab jan ek hain\" was much appreciated. Later, kids presented a march-past.Patriotic skit At Bhavan Vidyalaya, Chandigarh, the Independence Day celebration started with unfurling of the National Flag. It was followed by the National Anthem, the school prayer and the National Song. The heritage club of the school, \"Dharohar\", presented a patriotic and inspirational skit highlighting the significance of the day and our duties towards our country. A face-painting competition on the theme - \"Independence\" -- was also organized for classes VI to X.Remembering the unsung heroes Independence Day was celebrated at Mount Carmel School, Sector 47-B, Chandigarh. The school's Hindi choir presented a patriotic song 'Hum Bengali, Hum Punjabi. This was followed by speeches and poems. Student members of the Social Science Club presented a show on \"Unsung heroes of the Independence struggle\".Interactive session NSS units and \"The Mahatma Gandhi Student Legal Literacy Club\" of Government Senior Secondary School, Sector 38 (West), Chandigarh, jointly celebrated the Independence Day. A special interactive session was organized by the NSS units. Different competitions on elocution, poem recitation and singing were organized to pay tributes to the freedom fighters.Patriotic songs echo on campus Students of Dikshant International School, Zirakpur, celebrated Independence Day with enthusiasm. The National Flag was hoisted and patriotic songs sung. 'Special' show Celebrating Independence Day, students of The Millennium School, Mohali, pledge to serve the nation. The school programme also saw special students presenting a dance. Later, a quiz was organized.Array of events Independence Day was celebrated at Government Model High School, Sector 36-D. The programme started with 'Vande Matram'. It was followed by a speech, a group dance ''Jai Ho'', a group song \"Sare jahan se achha', a song ' Hawa de bulle', giddha and a prize distribution function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi/ghaziabad", "code": "15565054", "title": "Cops in the dock: One held for rape, other stole phone", "text": "NEW DELHI/GHAZIABAD: Sunday left NCR police red-faced as two of their men made news for the wrong reasons: one of them was arrested for raping a 15-year-old girl, and the other was caught on camera lifting a cellphone from an optical shop. Both men have been suspended and are now facing departmental inquiry.Delhi Police constable Insaaf Khan, originally from Bihar, was posted in the Jamia Nagar police station. He knew a Class VIII student, whom he had befriended at a market earlier. On Friday, he tricked her into coming alone to meet him.Khan took her to his friend's flat in Pul Prehladpur and forced himself on her. He then let her go, but not before threatening her of dire consequences if she spilled the beans.The victim went home and narrated the entire story to her parents, who then informed the police. A medical examination of the girl was conducted and a case of rape was registered against Khan. Following this, Khan was arrested and sent to judicial custody after being produced in a city court, police said.Elsewhere in Ghaziabad, sub-inspector Attar Singh, who was posted in Sector 9 police booth in Kavi Nagar, allegedly lifted a cellphone from an optical shop on Thursday. He was suspended after the shop-owner produced CCTV footage of the act. Singh, though, maintained all throughout that he had not lifted the article but had only threatened to do so as the shop-owner had not returned his glasses that he had given him to repair.\"I had given my spectacles 15 days ago; but whenever I went to pick those up, the owner gave excuses for not being able to do the work on time. Why would I steal a cellphone of a meagre amount,\" said Singh.\"We have formed a team to investigate after hearing both parties out. For the time being, we have suspended Singh and found him guilty in the preliminary investigation; but further probe is on,\" said SP (city) S S Yadav.In the recent past, quite a few policemen have been arrested on criminal charges, denting the reputation of Delhi Police. On August 9, two constables had been arrested for abducting an executive engineer of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam and demanding Rs 30 lakh ransom. Last year, a constable had been arrested for molesting a 40-year-old woman after he failed to extort money from her husband in east Delhi. Before this, another constable had been arrested for allegedly extorting money from the manager of a five-star hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15568471", "title": "Injury didn't allow me to be a forward: Bhide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She started off as a sprinter and at the age of 10 shifted to hockey after suffering a near-debilitating injury to her ankle.But Rekha Bhide had the stuff that makes champions and in the 1973-74 season, at the tender age of 14 and a half, the XI class student of St Joseph's Convent, Pune was making her debut for India's women's hockey team. She remains the youngest to become an international in women's hockey in the country so far.The Uganda team was touring India then and Rekha travelled around the country, displaying her prowess in the right-half position. \"I would have been a forward, but the injury to my ankle forced me to take a spot in the half line,\" said Rekha on her visit to Ahmedabad recently.It was in 1974 itself that Rekha made it to the big league -- the fourth Women's World Cup in the French Riviera city of Cannes, better known for its film festivals. \"India topped their pool in that tournament and finished fourth overall,\" Rekha said.Her crowning glory came in 1980 at the Moscow Olympics when she captained the country. \"We finished fourth... but could have done much better. It was a league-only tournament, but we knew very little about the format and were asked to draw our last pool match. Suddenly it was announced that we had finished fourth.\"But the 'Olympics were a personal triumph for her. Rekha was declared the tournament's \"most elegant (best) player.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564738", "title": "Supporters of quota in promotion hail bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as employees of general and OBC category geared up to stage a demonstration in Delhi on Monday in protest against the proposed constitutional amendment bill that would pave way for reservation in promotion, their counterparts of the reserved category dashed off a representation to Prime Minister Office supporting government move to table the bill in the monsoon session of the Parliament.The employees, under the aegis of Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, said that until 2004 the percentage of SC/ST officers in the A and B category services was only 12.01 % and 15.03% respectively. This got further reduced to between 5 % and 8% over a period of time, as employee and officers retired from services. And this was the situation when the policy of reservation in promotion was applicable. Quoting figures from the 2001 Census, the samiti said that only 13.03% SC/ST were intermediate pass. The percentage dipped to 3% for the graduate and higher education levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15564690", "title": "Desi children get English lessons from Videsi teachers", "text": "MYSORE: Students of this Kannada medium school in Mysore surprise people with their fluent English and English songs. Courtesy: Their teachers are students from seven foreign countries.Around 700 children from Milinda Vidyasamsthe in Giragur, 95km from Mysore city, have the pleasure of learning from 18 students, who have come to India under international understanding and cultural exchange programme by NGO Field Service and Inter-cultural (FSL-India).The students are from Spain, Italy, Canada, South Korea, Germany, Belgium and France. While some of them are working, some are students back home and are at Milinda Vidyasamsthe for a two-week exchange programme. They teach English, rhymes, songs and action dances, and children are forced to converse in English as it is the only language their 'foreign teachers' can speak.Janicka Hartman from Germany was seen drawing pictures on the school wall. When asked why, she explained: \"When we teach children orally, they are likely to forget. But a drawing on the wall will stay in their mind much longer.\" She has been teaching basic English and says: \"Children here learn very quickly.\" Giacomo Benni from Italy, works as a radiographer, and is in India to differentiate the Indian and Italian systems of education. After his observations so far, he says: \"The Indian system of education is better than ours. Also, children here are polite to their teachers and respect them as Gods. We don't respect our teachers like the Indian children do.\"Spain national Sara Silva Fernadez who works as an English teacher says: \"Indian students do not nag like students from other countries. They are always calm and curious to learn more.\"Vanessa Winter from Germany plans to stay at Milinda School for a year, teaching children English and other subjects. When asked if Indian children were as intelligent as students back home, she says Indian children were very quick and had great ideas in them. Fouziya Banu, an SSLC student speaking in complete flawless English sentences, said: \"Because of these teachers, now I can speak in English.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564767", "title": "No breakthrough in city murder case", "text": "RANCHI: Personal enmity led to the death of 29-year-old Manoj Mistry on Saturday evening. Unidentified assailants shot Mistry dead at Jayaprakash Nagar locality here. An FIR has been lodged in this connection against unknown persons with the Sukhdev Nagar police station.Pramod Kumar Pandey officer in charge Sukhdev Nagar police station said investigation was on to nab the criminals.A police officer said some persons on three motorcycles had come at Pahari Tola. When Mistry was getting off his own bike, one of the pillion riders trained a pistol at him and fired a bullet at Mistry's temple killing him on the spot. The officer said Mistry used to stay away from home most of the time for which he was disliked by members of his family. The officer added that Mistry had a criminal background and was in jail earlier. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563918", "title": "Banaras Hindu University teacher enlivens biers on canvas", "text": "VARANASI: Spending hours at Mahashamshana (cremation grounds) of Marnikarnia or Harishchandra ghats and later depicting the scenes of these places on canvas with the stroke of brush and colours has become a part of daily routine of Vijay Singh of faculty of visual arts, Banaras Hindu University .He is following this routine for past two decades and produced more than 5,000 paintings on canvas, cards and post cards. The nomenclature of his creations has been done by his colleagues.Colleagues of Singh have named his work as 'Chita Bhumi'. Singh has keen interest in painting only the ghats. \"I have been visiting the ghats since 1992. There is no other place like the burning ghats of Benaras. It is where one can witness life and death from the same edge,\" Singh said.\"Although, I have not counted my paintings but my colleagues and students say that the number has crossed 5000,\" he said. Sitting and observing the dead and alive on ghats had made him friends with domes (who perform cremation at ghats), boatmen and vendors. Singh never paints sitting on ghats. \"I do not think while I paint. If I paint at the ghats, I would be forced to follow the grammar and rules and regulations, which I always escape while painting. So most of my paintings happen at home but whenever I get time between lectures and interaction with students, I pick a post card or card and play with colours,\" he said.On being asked whether 'Chita Bhumi' is part of some research work, he said, \"It is no research work but a quest about the city which is still going on. I will keep on painting like this daily till I reach an artistic conclusion or inner satisfaction,\" he added.His students do accompany him to get a glimpse of the burning ghats and then paint it to learn the techniques of space and dimensions.His passion has become so popular among his students that some of his students have started following him. \"Some students have started following the work. They work with me but I keep telling them to observe something on their own and paint accordingly,\" he informed.Singh has participated in several exhibitions in India and abroad and won several awards for his creations. His collections are present in National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi, Lalit Kala Academy, New Delhi, Rajasthan School of Art, Jaipur and Contemporary Art Museum, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564324", "title": "Caught trying to flee, man attacks hotel assistant manager", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 55-year-old dentist was arrested on Saturday for threatening an assistant manager of a private hotel in the city.Police said, the dentist consumed liquor and ate dinner along with three persons at a leading hotel in the city and refused to pay. When the hotel assistant manager asked him to pay, the man attacked and threatened him using a pistol. He was caught by the hotel employees and handed over to the city police on Saturday early morning.Police said, M Elango of Vellakoil in Tirupur district and his three friends had gone to Hotel Alankar Grande at Ram Nagar in the city on Friday late night. They consumed liquor at the hotel's bar and later went for dinner. His three friends left from the hotel and Elango was alone in the restaurant. After dinner, he tried to leave from the hotel without paying money.The hotel assistant manager S Khajaajmeer caught him and asked to pay the amount. However, Elango refused to pay and a quarrel ensued between them.Later, Elango attacked the assistant manager with his hands and then intimidated him with a 9 mm pistol. However, the employees of the hotel caught Elango and handed him over to the city police on early Saturday morning.The police booked him under section 323, 427, and 506 (ii) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565418", "title": "Bangalore: Nagaland team meets Ashoka, seeks assurance", "text": "Delegations from northeastern states have been visiting the state to urge the government to ensure safety of their people living here. After delegations from Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, representatives of Nagaland government met deputy chief minister in charge of home R Ashoka on Sunday and urged him to provide security for their people.Power minister Doshehe Y Sema and parliamentary secretaty in charge of social welfare Chotisuh Sazo spoke to Ashoka for more than half an hour and got to know the measures taken by the Karnataka government. Lauding the efforts of the state government, the delegation called upon Nagas settled in Karnataka to learn the local language and culture and freely mingle with the local people. They have also appealed to the Nagas, who have fled Bangalore, to return to Bangalore as it would otherwise send a wrong message . Sema invited Ashoka to visit Kohima as a goodwill gesture and instil confidence among the Nagas to return to Bangalore. Reiterating that there was no truth in rumours of attack on northeast people in Bangalore as police were geared up to provide elaborate security, Ashoka appealed to the parents not to panic and send their children back home to Bangalore . About 30,000 people have so far reportedly fled the city.On Saturday, Arunachal Pradesh MP Takam Sanjoy and Congress leader Likha Maj met Ashoka to get first hand information on the exodus. Ashoka assured the delegation that the government was ready to set up a relief camp by renting out convention halls and provide free food and lodging to the people of northeast, especially students, studying in various colleges in Karnataka, if necessary. Arunachal Bhavan deputy resident commissioner K N Damo was present.Besides assuring the delegation that there would be re-examination and relaxation in attendance for northeastern students who have already fled the city, Ashoka promised to allot a piece of land in Bangalore for constructing Arunachal Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15569466", "title": "Nimbuzz targets 400m users by 2014, 25% from India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Instant messaging platform Nimbuzz expects the Indian market to be one of the main drivers in touching the 400-million user-base mark in the next two years.The company had recently announced crossing the 100 million user mark across 80 countries, entering the league of top 20 most-used internet platforms in mobile and Web communications space.\"With a 100 million strong userbase, the target now is to double user-base each year in the next two years to reach 400 million by 2014-end,\" Nimbuzz CEO Vikas Saxena told PTI.He added that about 25 per cent of the targetted number is expected to come from India.Of the 100 million users, the company claims that India has 17 million users; followed by the US at 6.5 million users, Middle East (30 million); South Asia (14 million); Africa (13 million) and Europe (10 million).\"India has been a strong market for us and we have seen strong adoption across platforms, especially Android. While in earlier days, the numbers were coming from the application being pre-bundled, the additions are now coming from people downloading the application on their smartphones,\" Saxena said.He added that the company is working on a slew of new products to engage users and drive the userbase.Saxena said the additions were pan-India but increasing traction is being seen in regions like Delhi, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala and Andhra Pradesh.Nimbuzz counts WhatsApp, Blackberry Messenger, Skype, WeChat and Yahoo Messenger as rival platforms across the world.It has received USD 25 million in venture capital and strategic funding from Mangrove Capital Partners (investors in Skype) and Naspers/MIH (investors in Tencent and Mail.ru).Founded in 2006 in the Netherlands, Nimbuzz moved its global headquarters to Gurgaon earlier this year.The company has a delivery and development centre in Gurgaon. While half of its 160 employees are based in India, the remaining 80 are spread across Argentina and the Netherlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563832", "title": "DAV teachers stopped from taking out march", "text": "KANPUR: The teachers of DAV Degree College tried to take out a march from the college on Saturday but were stopped by the district authorities. They had planned to take out a march to hand over a memorandum to district magistrate MP Agrawal. The ADM city and a strong contingent of police reached the college and stopped the march. The senior administrative official accepted the memorandum from the teachers.The angry teachers also had heated arguments with the administrative machinery. They were demanding strict action against the culprits who had attacked the college teachers at Kotwali police station on Monday. They also demanded protection from the administration. The teachers said that they would not compromise their dignity.After the assurance from district administration that their demands would be met, the teachers withdrew the protest. The teachers warned that if the perpetrators of crime are not arrested within a week, they would go on strike. They have given the police and the district administration time till August 26 for arresting the persons involved in the attack.Youth jumps into Pandu river: A 22-year-old youth killed himself by jumping into the Pandu river from a bridge in Meharban Singh Ka Purwa area in Barra on Sunday.He was identified as Abhishek Mishra, a resident of Vishwa Bank Colony in Barra.Arrested: Vimal Tewari of Ratanpur Colony and Dheeraj of Gangaganj Colony were arrested on charges of committing theft at a shop near Power House market in Panki area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15564597", "title": "Sexual persecution can be ground for seeking asylum", "text": "Sexual persecution can be ground for seeking asylumWho can seek political asylum?The UN declaration of human rights grants the right to asylum to every human being whoever fears prosecution in his home country. Typically countries grant asylum on the basis of UN convention on status of refugee. A person who is facing or fears persecution in his home country on the grounds that include race, nationality , religion, political opinions and membership in a particular social group can seek political asylum. Since 1990s sexual persecution is also accepted as the legitimate ground for granting asylum. Julian Assange's case is a bit different as instead of crossing border he entered the embassy of the country from which he is seeking asylum.Why couldn't the UK police arrest him?The 1961 Vienna convention on diplomatic relations states the premises of diplomatic missions are inviolable and the agents of the host country could not enter it without the consent of the state whose embassy is implicated. The host country can only enter the mission if it senses physical threat like fire or sniper. The embassy area belongs to the host country and breaching the obligation is not considered as an act of war or invasion . It's however feared that violation of international law might have reciprocal results.Has this international law ever violated?The most famous case was the 1979 hostage crisis in which 52 Americans were held hostage for 444 days when militants and students took over the United States embassy in Tehran. To release the hostages the Americans attempted a failed military operation. Similarly in 1984 a shooting from Libyan embassy in the UK caused a diplomatic crisis. The shooting on anti Gaddafi protesters killed an unarmed British police officer. The UK police surrounded the embassy while the Libyans surrounded the British embassy in Tripoli. The crisis was finally resolved when the British government allowed the Libyan staff to leave the embassy and then expelled them from the country. The Libyans kept six British nationals as political hostage and released them after 9 months. This incident resulted in the 1987 Diplomatic and Consular Premises Act, which the British government is citing in Assange's case. The law empowers Britain to revoke the status of diplomatic missions if it ceases to use the land for the purpose of the mission.What will happen now?Police is waiting outside the embassy and they can arrest Assange if he steps outside the building. Noticeably he has breached his bail and hence the UK police have the power to arrest him. Even if he evades arrest outside the embassy and get into a diplomatic car then also he might get detained at the airport. It is being speculated that Ecuador could give diplomatic or UN representative status to Assange which make him immune to arrest. Perhaps his best bet is to stay in the embassy. In past also people have stayed for years in embassies. Most notable is the case of Jozsef Mindszenty, a Roman Catholic clergyman who lived for 15 years in the US embassy in Budapest. He finally went into exile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15563962", "title": "'Make speed governors must for all'", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Bus Owners' Association raised the issue of compulsion of speed governors at its annual general body meeting held recently.The association said if safety is the reason for installation of speed governors on commercial vehicles, then it should be applicable for private and government vehicles, too.Members of the association said that private vehicles were involved in a large number of road accidents in the state.\"Anyone above the age of 18 years can get a permanent driving licence. They can enroll into a private motor learning school and get nominal experience of driving a vehicle for a month. Besides, there are no speed governors in private vehicles, because of which the drivers drive recklessly,'' said office-bearers of the association Rajan Junavane and Kumar Jagtap.The members observed that the transport department issues a heavy goods licence and a badge only after the driver gains experience on a light vehicle for two years and after he appears for an examination. This reflects in the difference in the number of accidents involving transport vehicles and those involving private ones.The members said commercial vehicles registered after April 2010 are of Bharat Stage IV standards. These vehicles have electronic devices including speed governors. Vehicles of Bharat Stage IV standards, if fitted with speed governors, do not run smoothly. Vehicles need more maintenance and the consumption of diesel also increases, the members said, adding that the mandatory rule should be withdrawn.At the meeting, presided by Prakash Gawli, president of the state truck tempo tanker and bus transport federation, the Pune bus owners association said it will support any decision the federation takes on the issue.The members said a solution can be arrived at if the government takes severe action against speed violators. Among those present at the meeting were vice-president of the federation Prasanna Patwardhan, president of the Pimpri-Chinchwad bus owners association Kaluram Gaikwad and vice-president Pramod Baglane.Earlier this year, the state government had made it mandatory for all commercial vehicles to install speed governors in a phased manner. Installation of speed governors on newly-registered school buses started on May 1. The government then came out with a time frame for installation of speed devices on other vehicles. Speed governors are not a must for personal or private vehicles, including cars and two-wheelers. The government has already made it clear that speed governors are to be installed only on commercial vehicles. Transport officials say the main objective for installation of speed governors is to curb road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555721", "title": "Ravi Kishan to explore talent in Bollywood", "text": "Already a superstar in Bhojpuri cinema, actor Ravi Kishan now wants to try his hands more in Bollywood and explore his talent here.After doing almost 170 movies in Bhojpuri, Kishan says he now wants to cut down on his work there as he wants concentrate on Hindi films now.\"I am cutting down my work in Bhojpuri cinema. There was a time when I used to do 10-12 films a year, now I will do 2-3 only. I want to do more Bollywood movies now. I want to concentrate here and don't want to restrict myself only to Bhojpuri films. I aspire to show my versatility here,\" Kishan told PTI.\"I have been doing Bhojpuri films since quite some time, have achieved stardom over there and have a huge fan following. I am happy that I have come this far. I wanted to explore different things, so I'm doing Bollywood films,\" he said.The 41-year-old actor, who has played the role of a lead hero in most of his Bhojpuri films, is not refraining from playing side roles in Bollywood.\"It is not that I am eyeing solo hero projects here. I want to do good, strong roles. I don't have any problem playing second lead, or doing supporting roles. I am fine with it,\" Kishan said.\"I am looking forward to doing strong character driven roles here. When I choose a script I look for a good storyline, there should be good supporting star cast, director and banner as it helps in getting a decent release,\" he said.Kishan is not new to Hindi cinema as he has done quite a few films like Salman Khan's 'Tere Naam', Mani Ratnam's 'Raavan', Saif Ali Khan's 'Agent Vinod', Karisma Kapoor's comeback film 'Dangerous Ishq' and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563715", "title": "Eid shopping at its crescendo", "text": "KANPUR: With the citing of moon, the hustle and bustle of Eid shopping reached its crescendo on Sunday. Shoppers can be witnessed at every nook and corner of the markets, leading to rush and traffic snarls on roads. Even shopping centres and malls are drawing large crowds.Women become shopaholics during festivals and end up buying everything in sight. To encash it, the markets are flooded with colourful clothes, ethnic embroidered 'nagre', glittery bangles, sophisticated crockeries etc.Places like Naveen Market, Gumti, Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, P Road, PPN market are the happening hubs for shoppers.The maximum rush is near the matching centres and roadside kiosks selling imitation jewellery and other accessories.The makeshift shops decorated with Chinese lights were crowded as ever. Most women try to match the clothes already purchased with the shimmering bangles while the men were busy in picking up shoes, belts and eatery shops.\"One can see a very interesting twist on Eid as females who are known for eating paid no heed to eatery joints while the men who least often thronged Chaat-Tikki shops were making beelines around the same,\" said Salim, a roadside eatery joint owner at Naveen Market.Talking about the latest trend and most demanded items during the Eid shopping season, a shop owner at Naveen market said that linen and silk kurtas are on demand with leather and Kolhapuri slippers. People also prefer cotton tops and clothes. Round caps and Arabic style scarfs are also being purchased by youngsters.According to the market viewers, the sale of clothes and accessories was much as expected on Eid but sale of dry-fruits was quite low.\"This was partly due to abnormal price hike of dry fruits like raisins and dates. The cheapest dryfruit, coconut was sold at Rs 120 per kilogram. It was sold at Rs 60 to 80 per kg last year,\" said a dry fruit stockist in Nayaganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15565048", "title": "Police arrest seven dacoits", "text": "NASHIK: Seven dacoits were arrested by the Deolali Camp police early on Saturday. The accused are all residents of Shivada in Sinnar tehsil. had identified their target and were on their way to give effect to it, when the Deolali Camp police arrested, the Deolali Camp police said.Informing more in this regard, sSenior inspector of the Deolali Camp police, Anil Powar said the accused were arrested near a petrol pump owned by one Pansare in Rahuri Shivar.Cops recovered four cycles, a rifle, gunpowder and iron pipes. from them, all amounting to Rs 7,300.The accused have been identified as Nitin Nirgude (22), Sanjay Nirgude (20), Dnyaneshwar Mengal (19), Balu Nirgude (19), Bhaurao Nirgude (19), Sopan Mengal (20) and Mangesh Mengal (16). The arrests took place because of heightened patrolling activity in the area when the group was found loitering suspiciously.Six of the accused are in police custody till August 23 with the exception of Mengal, a minor. Cop wary of the groups suspicious movement quizzed the gang until thyPowar said that acting on the guidance of commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and Deputy Commissioner of Police DS Swami, the Deolali Camp police have intensified patrolling in their jurisdiction to prevent incidents of burglaries, house break-ins and dacoities.During the night round on Saturday, at around 3.50 am, a team of Assistant Sub Inspector Khandu Ahire, police naik Allauddin Shaikh, constable Milind Jagtap, Sunil Bhalerao and a few other personnel of the Deolali Camp police station came across the seven accused, who were suspiciously moving near the Petrol pump of Pansare.On grilling them, the accused confessed that they were on their way to commit dacoity. PI Powar said that no crime has been registered against the accused earlier, though they have confessed to have committed petty offences in the past.All the accused, with the exception of a minor among them, have been remanded to police custody until August 23. The case is being investigated further by Assistant Sub Inspector Khandu Ahire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569774", "title": "Aamir-Imran to share screen space in Hirani's next?", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor and Ranveer Singh's loss seems to be Imran Khan's gain. Rumours have it that when both Ranbir and Ranveer refused to play the second fiddle to Aamir Khan in Raju Hirani's P.K. and the role found no takers, Aamir suggested Imran, who leapt for it as he has been on a lookout for a decent role. So looks like mama-bhanja will team up for the first time.However, the spokesperson of P.K. rubbished this as rumours saying that they haven't even approached Imran Khan . Spokesperson of Imran said that the actor is busy shooting Once Upon A Time in Mumbai Again and there is no discussion with him at all. Raju too denied it as mere rumour.Meanwhile, Aamir is really kicked about Hirani's film that exposes the godmen in the country.While his previous films were set in Mumbai and picturesque landscape of Ladakh, writer-producer-director will shoot his fourth film that rolls this year-end, in Hungary, as per industry sources. Are you wondering why Hirani, who so far has explored Indian terrain for his movies, wants to travel across the seven seas to shoot his next movie? Apparently, Hirani chose Hungary because filming there has its advantages, such as low labour cost and tax incentives for foreign filmmakers.Also, Hungary can pass off as any international city - Paris, Rome, London or even New York .\" In the past we have had maverick director Sanjay Leela Bhansali who extensively shot his epic love story Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam in Budapest (Hungarian capital), but passed it off as an Italian city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15565007", "title": "Heaviest monsoon rain in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Almost the whole of Himachal Pradesh was left drenched on Sunday as the state witnessed heaviest monsoon rains this season in the last 24 hours, triggering landslides at many places and affected traffic at many places. The meteorological department has predicted that heavy rains may continue for the next 72 hours.Around half-a-dozen vehicles were damaged due to flash flood near Kaza town on Saturday night. Though water entered inside some houses, no major damage was reported even as people were left awake all night. According to sources, a dry nullah all of a sudden overflowed with gushing water from mountains on Saturday night, which snapped the road connectivity with Kaza town. Traffic remained suspended till Sunday afternoon. Local residents said nullah was almost dry for last many years with very less water flowing in it even during rains, but the way it flooded on Saturday indicated cloud burst in higher mountains.Though minor landslides were also reported on some of the national highways, there was no effect on traffic movement. However, internal roads in Hamirpur and Kangra districts were the most affected due to heavy rains. Road stretch near Rohni nullah on Rohtang pass too remained closed though Manali and its surrounding areas received very less rain. In Kangra district, landslides affected connectivity between Dharamshala and Kangra towns.With fresh warning of heavy to very heavy rainfall during the next 72 hours, people in the hill state fear more landslides, which may disrupt timely transportation of apple crop to markets located outside the state. During the last 24-hours, Shimla received 16 mm rainfall, Dharamshala recorded 20.6 mm while Mandi town received 86 mm of showers. Other parts of the state where good amount of rainfall was recorded include Sujanpur Tira (80 mm), Malraun and Nehri (73 mm each), Kahu (69 mm), Sihunta (59 mm), Sundernagar (52 mm), Shahpur (49 mm), Ramshar (34 mm), Gaggal (33 mm), Thana Plaun and Ghumarwin (28 mm each), Hamirpur and Berthin (22 mm each), Bilaspur (17 mm) and Nahan (12 mm).Between June 1 and July 17 this year, the state recorded 46% deficit rain , but since the beginning of August good amount of rainfall has been seen in most parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563592", "title": "SRK gets nostalgic in Ladakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Shah Rukh Khan who has started shooting the climax of his Yash Chopra film in Ladakh got nostalgic on the first day of the last schedule of the film.The actor tweeted on Friday ,\"In Ladakh after so many years. Lovely &amp; hectic memories of Dil Se &amp; my friend Santosh Sivan the worlds best cinematographer. Santa miss u...\"Still trying to get acclimitised with the weather and climate of Ladakh, SRK tweeted \"First day breathing is a problem in Ladakh. u can't speak long sentences...actually...u can't. write...long sentences either...gasp gasp.\"Shah Rukh Khan returned to Ladakh after nearly one and a half decade.Yash Chopra has shot his films Daag and Kabhi Kabhie in Ladakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15568364", "title": "Foreigner creates flutter in Puri temple", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chaos prevailed at the Jagannath temple in Puri on Monday after a foreign national entered the shrine, which is off limits to non-Hindus. The identity and nationality of the foreigner were not ascertained as police let him off without verifying his credentials, much to the chagrin of priests.Though the foreigner's entry was not a punishable offence in Indian Penal Code, the incident, however, exposed the chink in security system.The foreigner crawled into the temple through the heavily fortified Simhadwar (Lion's Gate), the main entrance of Jagannath temple. He was spotted by some priests near a subsidiary shrine inside the main temple. Priests waylaid him and inquired about his nationality and religion. As they failed to understand his language, they handed him over to a temple office (Garada) and informed the police. No cleansing ritual was performed as the foreigner did not enter the sanctum sanctorum.Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said: \"The foreigner wrote his name as Ram Babu Das in a register of the Garada office. He claimed to have come from Khajuraho. The Garada people released him before police intervened. We are trying to locate him and verify his antecedents.\" Sources said the foreigner, who is perhaps an Iskcon devotee, hailed from Germany.\"The foreigner's entry once again exposed the poor policing at temple entrance. The pitiable frisking and vigilance by police is helping non-Hindus enter the temple,\" said Rabinarayan Das, a temple servitor. \"Cops' inability took toll on temple rituals many times in the past,\" he said.The 12th century shrine stands among the high risk category temples in country. The state government was recently on toe after Assam DGP Jayanta Narayan Choudhury had said that Jihadi outfits like Lashkar-e-Toiba were planning attacks during Rath Yatra in June.On normal days the security of Jagannath temple lies in the hands of nearly 100 armed police personnel, 80 unarmed cops, 1 ASP, 1 DSP, 1 inspector, 3 sub-inspectors and 26 assistant sub-inspectors, sources said. More officers and forces are mobilized during festive occasions. A number of high frequency CCTV cameras have been installed at vantage points in and around the temple.Apparently ignored by the temple's \"no to non-Hindu\" rule, a number of foreigners gained entry into the shrine in the past and underwent harrowing times in the hands of aggrieved priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564439", "title": "IAEA to review safety at two Rajasthan N-plants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Global nuclear watchdog IAEA will conduct an in-depth operational safety review of two atomic power plants at Rawatbhata in Rajasthan, the first such exercise in India in the aftermath of the Fukushima nuclear accident.The Operational Safety Review Team of the International Atomic Energy Agency will review programs and activities essential to operational safety at units 3 and 4 of the Rajasthan Atomic Power Station between October 29 and November 15, officials said.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had directed the Department of Atomic Energy to invite the Operational Safety Review Team (OSART) of the IAEA to assist in its own safety reviews and audits of nuclear power plants.This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by Singh in April last year to review the safety concerns about nuclear plants across the country in the wake of the nuclear accident at Fukushima in Japan.The OSART mission is not a regulatory inspection or a substitute for an exhaustive assessment of overall safety status. It is an in-depth review of aspects, largely under the site management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15564061", "title": "Health department reports steep rise in malaria cases", "text": "NOIDA: The district is witnessing a sharp increase in malaria cases will 99 people already being reported to have been affected by the health department till July. The district hospital is already dealing with at least 2 cases of malaria every day, while cases of dengue are also being reported daily.Doctors said that the numbers are likely to rise even more in August.Health officials said last month saw more people getting affected by malaria in Noida. \"We have had 99 cases till now as per the latest report of July. This number is surely going to go up in the month of August,\" said Satyendra Kumar, district malaria officer.Doctors at the district hospital said that every day a number of patients coming in displaying symptoms of malaria and dengue \u2014 fever, cold, cough, etc \u2014 and out of these patients at least three inevitably have malaria. \"Initially, the patients are given medicine to boost their blood platelet count. If that doesn't help, we refer them to other hospitals,\" said a senior doctor at the hospital.Health department officials said that the cases of malaria till now have been restricted to rural areas of the district.\"Most of the cases that have come up till now have come from Jewar and Dadri belts. We are taking steps to ensure that the breeding of mosquitoes is kept to a minimum. Anti-larva sprays are being used in places that we have identified as risk areas,\" added Kumar.Strict orders have been given out to all private hospitals to report any cases of suspected dengue to the district hospital. After which the district hospital will forward the patient to the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme in Delhi. Only after the patient has been verified by the Programme in Delhi, will the case of dengue be declared. \"All cases and the monthly report prepared by the health department are forwarded to Delhi,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567576", "title": "Dil Raju bags Nizam rights of Rebel", "text": "Dil Raju has bagged the theatrical distribution rights of Prabhas' upcoming film Rebel. The star producer, who is currently busy with two big productions Seethamanna Vaaiklto Sirimalle Chettu and Yevadu, was impressed with rushes of the Prabhas-starrer, and has bagged the distribution rights of Nizam area.Rebel has wrapped up the entire shooting part and is currently in post-production stage. Producers Pulla Rao and Bhagwan are planning to launch the audio the last week of August, although an official announcement is yet to be made. Raghava Lawrence, who is directing the film, is also scoring the music for the action entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564506", "title": "Probe Coalgate or will move court: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members of erstwhile Team Anna on Sunday threatened to file a PIL in court and carry out a referundum to \"expose\" the UPA on coal block allocations if the government does not constitute a special team probe.The decision was taken at a meeting of NGO India Against Corruption (IAC) attended by Arvind Kejriwal , Prashant Bhushan and others. \"We have raised it on May 25. All our allegations are true. All parties are involved in it since screening committees have representatives of states also,\" Kejriwal said.\"We demand the cancellation of allotments of coal blocks, lodging of an FIR and constitution of an SIT, failing which we will file PIL in court and carry out referundum to expose the government,\" Kejriwal told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15570108", "title": "Govt orders blocking of more than 250 websites", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping up its drive against \"erring\" portals, government has ordered blocking of more than 250 websites in which morphed images and videos were uploaded to incite Muslims leading to exodus of people belonging to the northeast from Karnataka and some other states.Home ministry officials said more than 130 websites have been blocked till now while the rest will be blocked shortly.\"We are planning to block some more sites,\" an official said.Government is also contemplating to take up the CERT-In ( Computer Emergency Response Team-India) findings at the international forum as it has turned out to be the biggest instance of cyber warfare on India in recent times.A Pakistan-based hardline group is suspected to have been involved in doctoring images and spreading them across social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and You Tube to incite Muslims and create scare among people of northeastern region living across India.Most of the online content started getting posted from July 13 and fake profiles were created for spreading morphed pictures, according to a home ministry report prepared in the wake of mass exodus of people belonging to the north east from Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Mumbai following rumours about possible attack on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15568896", "title": "Gopal Kanda may undergo brain mapping test: Delhi Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Monday appeared mulling the option of brain mapping test on former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda who is refusing to cooperate in the probe in connection with the Geetika Sharma suicide case.Kanda had on Saturday morning surrendered before police after evading arrest for ten days. Sharma, a former employee of his now defunct MDLR airline, accused him and another senior colleague Aruna Chaddha of harassing her.Police sources said Kanda has been evasive during questioning and denied any involvement with 23-year-old Sharma.When asked whether police will subject him to brain mapping, deputy commissioner of police (north-west) P Karunakaran said, \"If required, we will do that. We will take him to all places where we feel probe is required.\"He said nothing has come out yet and \"if there is something I will tell you.\"Karunakaran said Kanda was telling them that he was in Sirsa in the past ten days before his surrender. \"He is not cooperating,\" he said.Police also plans to confront Kanda with Chaddha, in a bid to piece together the sequence of events that resulted in the suicide of Geetika who was found dead in her north west Delhi residence on August 5.Investigators have seized computers from the Gurgaon office of Kanda.The police team seized computers and documents from Gurgaon office of Kanda, who was sent to seven-day police custody by a local court on Saturday. The team stayed there for three hours and later took Kanda to his Civil Lines residence for further probe in the matter.The sources said they were looking for hard disks of some computers which may help in further investigations.The post mortem report of Geetika said she died of hanging and the ligature mark is ante-mortem in nature.\"Sealed samples of vaginal and anal swabs along with slides were preserved for semen and DNA profiling and handed over to the police,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15563644", "title": "Mass Rapid Transit System, Metro path map is now part of mobile app", "text": "The city's Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) and suburban rail network have joined Metropolitan Transport Corporation and transport utilities in 500 cities across the world whose routes and timings are available on Google Maps for Android phones. The integrated data on buses and trains makes the application a comprehensive guide for commuters in the city.Google Maps has public transportation schedules for more than one million transit stops worldwide, in nearly 500 cities, including New York , London , Tokyo and Sydney , according to Google's official blog. Chennai's MRTS and suburban train schedules are available on the latest version of Google Maps, an app that allows users to pack every path, every road, rail track, river and sea in the world into less than 20MB of a cellphone's storage space \u2014 around the same space needed to store five MP3 songs.The new facility on Google Maps does not offer real time information on transportation services in Chennai because trains have not installed Global Positioning System (GPS) devices. But the app provides personalised information that should make it a breeze to travel around Chennai by its railroad network \u2014 even for complete strangers to Chennai. A user only needs to key in his destination and preferred mode of transport. It offers directions to the closest railway station and departure timings of the trains from that station, the number of halts on the route with their names in a separate drop down box and the time the journey will take.\"We've made some changes to the Transit Lines layer, so you can select a specific mode of public transportation to display on the map while the other modes remain hidden,\" Google's blog says. \"This is helpful in areas where there is a tight concentration of several types of public transit.\" The app integrates MRTS and suburban rail routes so a user travelling from, say, Chepauk to Pallavaram will be informed that he will have to make a transfer at Chennai Fort where the routes converge.Experts say the hitch in providing real time information is primarily because transportation utilities are yet to fulfil their promise to equip all buses and trains with GPS devices. Sites like mymetrocommute.in, latlong. com and busroutes.in also stand to benefit from public transport being GPS-enabled. MTC had in 2009 announced that its buses would all soon have GPS devices, but only 550 of the corporation's 3,500 buses now have GPS devices.Three years ago, Google approached MTC for real time information from their GPS devices. Google was keen to sign a memorandum of understanding with MTC, but the proposal fell through. Bangalore, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai and Pune's transport services are also on Google Maps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563431", "title": "Vijay Kumar has no immediate marriage plan", "text": "INDORE: Olympian Vijay Kumar has no immediate marriage plan. \"A lot is to be done in the field of shooting. As such, I don't have any immediate plan for marriage,\" the 26-year-old said while talking to the media on his arrival here on Sunday.Kumar said that coming back to AMU was his greatest experience as the university has made him a shooter of this stature. He also gave credit of his feat to his coach Powell Smirnoff. \"Prominent shooters from other countries including those from China and Germany, are equipped with the most modern gadgets. Indian shooters, on the other hand, are improving with time,\" he said.Replying to a query on the issue of leaving the army for lack of recognition, he said that the army gave him his identity. His promotion to the rank of Subedar Major was pending since a year and has been cleared recently. He said that when the civilian shooters of his calibre are given IAS rank, then same arrangement should be made in the army and if needed, law should be amended for the same. On his aim for the 2016 Olympics, he said that after the celebrations were over, he will discuss the plan with the coach and chalk out a strategy for the same.Meanwhile, Olympic silver medal winner and army's ace pistol shooter, Sub Vijay Kumar was given a very warm reception at Indore airport on Sunday afternoon. Army's pipe band and hundreds of army men gathered at the airport to welcome Vijay Kumar who arrived by a Delhi- Indore flight. Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) commanding officer Col J S Saran accompanied him from Delhi to Indore.As soon as Vijay's flight arrived at the airport at 3.45 pm, the pipe band of Sikh regiment started playing victory tune and the soldiers of AMU and Infantry School raised slogans in his appreciation. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chohan and former union minister Anant Kumar greeted him at the airport lounge.In a caravan of army vehicles, Vijay arrived at Mhow, where hundreds of armymen lined up on both sides of the road between Kali Paltan area and the AMU node welcomed him with garlands and slogans.A huge crowd of soldiers and officers walked behind Vijay to the lawn of AMU near 50 metre range, about one and a half kilometre in less than ten minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15562915", "title": "Prayers, feasts to mark Eid today", "text": "MUMBAI: With the sighting of moon on Sunday, both Sunni and Deobandi ulema announced that Eid-ul-Fitr or Eid would be celebrated on Monday.\"We have verified it from many sources and declare that moon has been sighted. Eid will be on Monday,\" said Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi who was present at the moon committee's meeting at Juma Masjid.As the news of the moon's sighting spread, Muslims started getting Chand Mubarak and Eid Mubarak messages from their Muslim and non-Muslim friends. At many places, the celebrations began with the bursting of crackers. Shoppers thronged the markets and vendors selling bangles, mehndi and dry fruits were seen doing brisk business. \"I plan to watch Ek Tha Tiger with friends in the evening,\" said student Zeenat Zaman.Households are all set to prepare lavish feasts. \"I am going to cook biryani and sheer khurma. I expect over two dozen guests. It will be tiring, but I am excited,\" said Sajida Khan, a housewife from Mira Road.Cop coverPolice bandobast has been stepped up in the city for Eid. \"Two thousand personnel have been provided to local police stations. Hundred home guards, 20 SRPF platoons and three companies each of the Rapid Action Force and the Riot Control Police will also be deployed,\" DCP Nisar Tamboli, the spokesperson for the Mumbai Police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15564856", "title": "Concept of a gap year gaining popularity", "text": "What used to be an experiment earlier is nowadays an informed choice. The decision to pause and mull over the infinite career choices is being considered seriously by a large number of students in India.Abhishek Sharma, 17, was amongst the thousands looking for admission in a top college. However, he decided to take a break from academics. \"To take a break after my high school was the best decision of my life. It helped me explore my real interests and perceive my career options better.\"This was the time when he indulged in his passion \u2014 film production. Making the most of this period, he went on to work as an assistant director with a documentary filmmaker. Similarly, Ankita Sehgal, after finding out about gap year programmes, decided to attend a nine-month workshop with an NGO in Uttarakhand.Sharing her experience, she says, \"We are so busy trying to get a seat in a college or university that we cannot even afford to look around and explore. There are so many things outside the confines of classrooms and text-book learning, and unless we explore, we will be unable to pick up valuable life-skills .\"Taking a breather from the educational cycle has been a Western concept . It originated in the decade following the Second World War, when youth-travel and cultural exchange was thought to be a useful tool to create global understanding and prevent further wars. The concept has been a success in the US, where gap fairs, similar to college fairs, are organised every year.In India, the first Gap Year College was started in Mussourie, Uttrarakhand , in 2007, to help students explore their interests and learn new skills. Started by former IITian, Vinish Gupta, this programme was later discontinued and has now metamorphosed into the Centre for Holistic Learning and is based in Karnataka. Though taking a year off is not a new phenomenon for Indian students, it continues to remain as a break period to prepare for competitive examinations . However, the scope of a gap year goes much beyond. \"Even though a gap year may seem like a period when you do 'nothing,' eventually, this breather turns out to be the space for making perfect decisions in terms of life and career. It's like discovering your true self,\" says Reva Dandage, co-founder of Swaraj University, Udaipur.OPTIONS GALOREToday, several institutes and organisations in India are offering gap year programmes that empower students with valuable skills and encourage a high level of critical thinking. From theatrics to creative writing and carpentry to ecology, students have varied options to choose from. Udaipur-based Swaraj University offers a programme, which lays stress on self-directed learning, skill-development and green entrepreneurship. Similarly, Mahindra United World College , Pune, is offering an Experiential Learning Programme. Besides, several volunteer organisations offer programmes in the area of educating street children, volunteering, women empowerment and travel opportunities, both in India and abroad. The idea of taking a gap year after high school is bound to raise a few eyebrows in India since most parents and educators are not in favour of any breaks in the academic cycle.As Gupta puts it, \"There is too much of pressure on students from parents and teachers. Parents get worried that children may end up wasting time. Moreover, the fear of students falling behind their peers is also a concern.\" Likewise, Dandage adds, \"We, as a society, are still to understand the true relevance of gap year programmes. We are following the tried and tested methods of competing for exams and college seats, leaving no scope for experiments, wherein students can actually make a career choice based on their own interest and understanding.\"FUTURE AREA\"Taking a gap year can actually make students more focused and prepare them for a steady career. Though a detour from the conventional track of educational courses and entrance examinations, it is a ticket to a better career. The way our education system is functioning, the day is not far when gap year would become a necessity,\" adds Dandage.Elaborating on the advantages of a gap year, Usha Albuquerque, career counsellor, says, \"The gap year is useful for students who are unsure of what to do in life. But in the Indian context, I would say that students at high-school level are too immature to figure it out for themselves. But yes , after graduation , students can explore various programmes and options of a gap year, as it broadens their horizon and takes them closer to a right career choice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563503", "title": "Favoured contractor given more cost hikes", "text": "MUMBAI: Money flows liberally from the state's coffers when it comes to irrigation projects executed by F A Construction, the water resources department's favourite dam contractor.In April, TOI exposed how costs were revised by 150% to 500% for two big irrigation projects undertaken by the contractor in Raigad district. Now, fresh investigations reveal three more projects with hugely inflated costs were awarded to F A Construction in Amravati. These are the Wardha diversion and Wasni and Garga projects.Information procured from Amravati irrigation division show that the cost of the Wardha diversion project was revised from Rs 120 crore (when bids were invited six years ago) to Rs 433 crore last year\u2014almost four times the original cost. Over Rs 415 crore has already been spent on the project.\"Wardha diversion work includes building the dam and canal network. Work on the canal is yet to commence and the overall progress is barely 35% to 40%,'' said a source familiar with the project.Another major work which F A Construction bagged is the Wasni project, whose initial cost was pegged at Rs 120 crore when tenders were called in 2009. Sources said that within a year, the cost was revised to around Rs 200 crore and its current price is close to Rs 250 crore.\"The investigative wing of the water resources department had prepared a detailed project report for Wasni and had estimated its cost at Rs 60 crore. By the time bids were invited, the price had doubled,'' said sources. Barely 25% of the Wasni project has been completed.The cost of the Garga project in Amravati too was revised substantially after it was awarded to F A Construction. In 2009, its cost was Rs 141 crore, but two years later it was revised to almost Rs 200 crore.Sources said the government-appointed Vadnare committee had pointed out several flaws in the tender process of Wasni and Garga projects. \"Estimated costs of both tenders were revised after receiving bids from the contractors,'' said sources. They added that the estimated tender cost cannot be revised once the tender process is initiated. \"However, flouting all norms, officials of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) revised the estimated cost of tenders post-bidding on frivolous grounds,'' said sources.Officials explained the modus operandi. \"Suppose an estimated cost is fixed at Rs 100, the contractor may quote Rs 125. However, norms stipulate that only a maximum 15% can be allowed over the fixed cost subject to permission of the water resources secretary. The corporation calling for the tender has the power to sanction a tender only if it quotes up to 5% above the estimate. In order to circumvent the rules, the estimated tender cost is increased from Rs 100 to Rs 120 on frivolous grounds. All the reasons cited were beyond government rules and regulations. Thus the offer of contractor is shown within the 5% norm.''F A Construction, which has bagged over a dozen irrigation projects in Raigad district, is believed to be politically influential and close to some politicians. The Khatri family, originally from Rajasthan, are proprietors of F A Enterprises and F A Construction and have their office on 6th Road in Khar (W).As reported by this newspaper last April, the contractor won bids for the Balganga (Pen) and Kondhane (Karjat) dams in Raigad for Rs 488 crore and Rs 56 crore, respectively. Soon after the projects were awarded, costs of these projects were revised to Rs 1,220 crore and Rs 328 crore, respectively.In June, the state government terminated the contract awarded to F A for the Kondhane project proposed action against officers of Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation ( KIDC) which approved the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563642", "title": "Smart move: Apps guide you in Chennai where signs fail", "text": "CHENNAI: After spending a few hours in Express Avenue a group of youngsters visiting Chennai decide to go to Marina Beach. A security guard at the mall tells them that the beach is nearby, but they have to ask for directions at every corner because there are no signboards to direct pedestrians or motorists to the city's most popular tourist spot.While websites and online mapping software provide accurate directions to the city's landmarks and information on public transport systems, there is little helpful signage in the real world. Chennai is among the fastest growing metros in the country but government agencies are yet to wake up to the need to install signboards showing directions to railways stations, MRTS stations, bus terminus, libraries or historic landmarks.Main thoroughfares have huge arches with signage for motorists. Chennai Corporation also recently installed new boards of street names. But most roads and neighbourhoods in the city and the suburbs are still to see such signage. \"This makes travelling difficult for first-time visitors and tourists,\" says a tour operator. \"Tourists often give up in frustration and simply stay back in their rooms instead of venturing out to explore the city.\"The city's autorickshaw drivers fleece passengers so tourists are advised to use public transport like MRTS or suburban trains. They hardly ever do because of the lack of directions to railway stations or bus stops. When MRTS started service in 1997, sign boards were installed at bus stops showing directions to the stations and train timings. But the boards have simply vanished or have been painted over.\"MRTS is a reliable service if you want to travel to the beach,\" says P Raj Kumar , a resident of Alwarpet. \"But a tourist staying at a hotel in this locality has no way to find out if there is a railway station nearby. Airconditioned buses are popular among visitors but bus stops do not have accurate timings.\" \"Any world class city should have proper signage,\" says a town planner. \"Signboards should be able to efficiently guide pedestrians and motorists around a city. \"London has signposts at every street corner,\" says Usha A, a professional who lives in Chennai and visited the UK recently.\"There are maps which show you where you are and important places at distances of up to 3km. I used the maps and street signs to get to the Thames.\" Chennai Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan says the city has better signage now than it did a few years ago. \"We have installed boards with street names and we are taking steps to improve signage in the city,\" he says.He adds that the corporation will install better signboards across the city as part of a project to improve streets with proper streetlights, stormwater drains and other facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563375", "title": "Yeshwant Club (YC) secretary is likely to hear from registrar's office shortly", "text": "INDORE: The secretary of Yeshwant Club (YC), Sunil Bajaj, is likely to get a reply to his queries from the office of registrar, firms and societies by August 22. The secretary has sought intervention of the registrar's office over the contentious issue of voting right for the MPCA poll, which is due on August 26. Also, he had termed the meeting convened by the chairman as \"illegal.\"Meanwhile, members of the club hailed the initiative taken by its chairman, Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy' in his bid to salvage the standards of the club. Pummy had called a meeting of the managing committee late Sunday evening and proposed that the club should refrain from using the voting right in its capacity of the institutional member of the MPCA during the forthcoming poll. The idea was to avoid the ongoing fight between the chairman and secretary over the issue of voting right.Some of the members who have welcomed the chairman's move include Anil Laddha, Alok Rathi and Sanjay Meghnani.However, the members of the club are not happy with the secretary's act of approaching chief minister and registrar, firms and societies seeking their intervention into the matter and thus challenging the powers vested with the chairman of the club. Also, he had termed the meeting convened by the chairman as illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562816", "title": "Jetlite flight delayed by 11 hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 80 passengers travelling to Mumbai by the morning Jetlite flight had to face a lot of inconvenience when the aircraft developed a snag and took off eleven hours late.The Mumbai-Nagpur Jetlite flight, which reaches the city at 8.20am, had developed a technical snag. However, the pilot landed it safely. He decided not to fly the return flight that departs at 8.50am until the snag was rectified. The local engineers failed to repair it and a team had to be summoned from Mumbai. The nature of the snag could not be known as local Jetlite officials refused to provide any information to the media.Realizing that the aircraft repair would take a long time, around 30 passengers took Indigo's afternoon flight to Mumbai. The remaining cancelled their tickets. Finally, the snag was repaired at 7.30pm and the flight took off at 7.50pm. Only the pilot and crew boarded the flight.Six weeks ago, an Indian Airlines Nagpur-Mumbai morning flight had got delayed by six hours. However, 62 of 109 passengers had boarded the flight. Some had taken the Indigo flight while some had cancelled their tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15563306", "title": "MP Tourism shelves London road show plan", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation plan to organise a road show in London to woo foreign tourists has been cancelled with the state currently laying stress on attracting investment and promoting tourism through Public Private Partnership (PPP) model.Tourism officials say they could not get permission from the state government to go ahead with the tourism promotion campaign in the United Kingdom .As per the ambitious plan of the corporation, a road show was to be organized in London in August. The objective was to market the exotic locations of MP to overseas tourists and to earn foreign currency in return.In May, MPSTDC chairman Mohan Yadav had planned advertisements in foreign print media to make the event a big hit. \"The road show in London has been cancelled. We could not get the permission from the state government. Currently the emphasis is on investment opportunities in the state to promote tourism through the public-private partnership model and creating land banks for developing tourism infrastructure,\" chief general manager (operations and marketing) Om Vijay Choudahry said.Earlier, a proposal had come up for consideration to have a state tourism brand ambassador-like superstar Amitabh Bachchan promoting Gujarat. However, the plan was dropped following a realization that such brand ambassadors could only help attract domestic tourists while the state needs to go international. When the issue came up, the tourism corporation argued that a Bollywood personality as brand ambassador would not help attract foreign tourists. It would only add to domestic tourists that have already gone up from around two crore in 2008 to close to 4.5 cores in 2011.Number of foreign tourists visiting Madhya Pradesh has remained at only 2.5 lakh during the past four years. And those visited broadly preferred only six destinations of Bandhavgarh, Khajuraho, Orchha, Kanha, Gwalior and Panna.Year- No. of foreign tourists2008-2517332009-2008192010-2504302011-269559", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15563258", "title": "Locals discuss garbage, stray dogs at Aquem", "text": "MARGAO: Issues pertaining to garbage disposal, stray dogs and other civic issues dominated the proceedings of the Aquem-Baixo village panchayat gram sabha held on Sunday.A heated discussion took place over the issue of the list of BPL (below poverty line) beneficiaries by the panchayat as gram sabha members objected to the inclusion of some names for certain reasons. It was decided to cancel the list and prepare a fresh one after due verification by the elected members about the eligibility of the prospective beneficiaries.Gram sabha members also voiced their disapproval over the inadequate waste disposal facilities in the village and urged the panchayat to take up the issue with local MLA Avertano Furtado.Further, in order not to inconvenience the locals, it was decided that the playground be fenced along its periphery as the ball from the playground would often land in the neighbourhood houses and even in the panchayat premises.Gram sabha members also complained about the stray dog menace and urged the panchayat to take necessary steps in that regard.Sarpanch Deepa Naik presided over the gram sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15563236", "title": "Watch 'Voir Marlolo...' for its fine script, direction", "text": "Roseferns' drama 'Voir Marlolo Fator' brings to the fore the atrocities and injustice against women in modern society.Nikita (Antonette de Maina) is in love with Evlon (Ulhas Tari). He proceeds to Hyderabad with a promise of uniting in marriage after his return. But an anxious wait leaves Nikita depressed, prompting her to take a drastic step in life.Joshua (Victor), who loved Nikita during her college days, encounters her in the garden and decides to extend prompt help in her distress. He volunteers to tie the knot, despite the fact that she is carrying Evlon's unborn child.When Nikita enters her husband's house, she meets her strict father-in-law, a retired professor (Roseferns) and sister-in-law Divya (Bushka). Relations in the house sail on rough weather.Unexpectedly, Evlon too makes his appearance there, forcing Nikita to extend her support to her ex-lover. This gesture upsets Divya and Evlon is set to take revenge.How does Evlon take advantage of Divya and where? What steps does he take to tarnish her image and ruin her future? Does he succeed in his mission? Who steps in to provide justice to the rape victim? How does he tackle the entire situation? How is the accused trapped?Roseferns scores for his fine script and sleek direction. Twists and turns in the entire plot make viewing more interesting.Roseferns as a strict disciplinarian has good stage presence with prompt dialogue delivery. Bushka, Antonette de Maina, Willy Sequeira and Victor have played their respective roles well. Ulhas Tari in a negative role is worth watching, while Rosario de Benaulim as the police inspector and Anthony Caiado as the home minister have extended good support to the entire cast. Selvy, Anita, Richard and Costy pair well to provide laughter among the spectators.Some of the songs rendered by Francis de Tuem, Jr Nelson, Anthony Caiado, Andrew are appealing. But the trio 'Bailanchi Vhoddvik' by Ulhas Tari/Rosario de Benaulim/Richard and another entitled 'Models' by Andrew/Francis de Tuem/Jr Nelson are entertaining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15565219", "title": "Govt doctors in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam districts to strike work today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Government doctors in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam districts will go on a 24-hour strike to protest against the government decision to transfer five doctors for dereliction of duty in the Satnam Singh murder case. As the state government turned down the possibility of any kind of discussion with the striking doctors, the Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has decided to approach the court against the transfer.Apart from the strike on Monday, the doctors have decided to go on an indefinite non-cooperation agitation. The doctors will boycott all the duties outside the hospital such as medical camps, the meetings convened by the department and also the daily reporting of the diseases. If the transfer orders are not withdrawn before August 26, then there will be statewide strike from August 27.However, health minister V S Sivakumar has ruled out the possibility of holding any talks with the striking doctors. \"The action has been taken against the doctors based on the report submitted by the additional director of health service (vigilance). The report has pointed out lapses from the part of doctors. Hence there is no need for any talks with them,\" said the minister. Sivakumar has urged the doctors to withdraw from the strike and join work on Monday. He said that the essential service like hospitals cannot be pulled into a strike as it would seriously affect the common man.The KGMOA leaders have urged the government to withdraw the transfer orders immediately and also to remove Dr P N Ramani from the post of vigilance head of the health service.They said that neither the crime branch report nor the report submitted by the district medical officer has pointed out any lapses from the part of the doctors in the Satnam incident. They said that the additional director of health was settling scores with the doctors through her report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15566692", "title": "Corporate need to create sustainable workplace to accommodate talented women: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: In view of a veritable tsunami of highly talented young women entering the workforce to increasingly challenge male dominance or further their career aspirations, Corporate across the globe need to create a sustainable competitive workplace, says a study.An independent research report from Quora Consulting , commissioned by global work-place solutions provider, Regus, says that the issue of talented young women joining the workforce and challenging the male dominance and need to tackle seriously.Authored by John Blackwell, the report \"Meeting the Future of Work\" showed that circa a third of today's new hires are women; however, when the Generation Y intake was considered, more than half of new hires are women. Mr. Blackwell is widely recognized as the world's foremost thought leader on the changing nature of work and effective business operation.The study further says that higher academic achievement among younger female new hires was particularly notable. Some 6% to 8% more young women have a degree compared to their male counterparts - a trend that's clearly accelerating, the study says.The results of the study were obtained after conducting in-depth interviews and surveys among 25,000 people hired in the past two years from across all geographic regions globally. Prompting this research is the compelling need for accurate comparator data required to create workplaces that are engaging, innovative, high-performing and continually delivering the productivity and financial competitiveness to stay ahead of the fast-chasing pack.The contributors came from all geographic regions: UK 17%, Americas 14%, Asia 12%, Eastern Europe inc. Russia 11%, India 11% , Germany 8%, France 6%, Africa 5%, Middle East 4%, Nordics 4%, Australasia 3%, Italy 3%, Iberia 3%. They came from a wide range of industry sectors and organizational size - from large global corporates to SMEs and start ups.Another highlight of the study is that education has changed the attitude of women towards life and career, also it's the workplace; its flexibility and environment which makes a woman grow and enhance her career. Changes in traditional work practices are essential and it plays a vital role in attracting women to work.The flexible workplaces bring a wide range of benefits, including improved work-life balance, reduced stress and improved productivity for the employee, as well as cost-effectiveness, capability and reduced property commitment for businesses. Many organizations are now focusing on making their workplaces more facilitative with better, improved services which help the employees provide a healthy environment. Women today demand well-organized offices and such organizations catch the fancy of these new age modern female professionals.Moreover, the higher academic achievement among younger female new hires was particularly notable (see figure). Some 6% to 8% more young women have a degree compared to their male counterparts - a trend that's clearly accelerating.GENDER SPLITGENEARATION YFEMALEEmployee gender 48%Manager gender 24%MALEEmployee gender 52%Manager gender 76%OLDER STAFFFEMALEEmployee gender 28%Manager gender 21%MALEEmployee gender 72%Manager gender 79%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563201", "title": "Probe against schools asking for donations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad rural district education officer (DEO) has been asked to probe the allegations against 14 city schools of demanding donations and hefty fees from the students by the state education department. After the report, action will be taken, indicated the department officials.According to the officials, they had received complaints against 14 prominent city-based schools that demanded donations for admission against the norms and were following their own induction system. The complaints also include issue of hefty fee under various heads and existence of more than one board system in the same school or campus.\"Mahesh Rawal, the rural DEO, has been ordered to probe. He would meet the parents, school authorities and other officials to check the facts and submit a report. Punitive action will be taken against the guilty,\" said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "15564485", "title": "Worm-infested water is what they drink\u2026", "text": "MANDYA: Water, contaminated by sewage and infested with worms, is what people in Baburayanakoppalu village are forced to drink, despite the village's proximity to the river Cauvery. No wonder that a majority of people suffer from hepatitis, jaundice, liver infections and other waterborne diseases.\"Sewage gets mixed with drinking water through damaged pipes and one can see worms of different shapes and sizes in the water supplied through taps. My daughter, Asharani, has liver infection. Jaundice and hepatitis is very common in our locality. Our fervent request to the officers concerned has not yielded any results,\" complained Ramegowda. Savitramma, a homemaker, ties a folded cloth to the tap for the \"first stage of purification\". \"This removes the worms, but fine particles of mud and stink cannot be removed this way. We boil water before we drink it, but the fact that we are drinking worm-infested water disgusts us,\" she said.Baburayanakoppalu village is situated on Mysore-Bangalore highway and has a host of hotels and dhabas. Travellers who stop to eat at these places consume the same worm-infested water putting them at the risk of getting waterborne diseases too. A hotelier says that many tourists do not demand bottled water because they believe the water they are served with is from river Cauvery. \"Officers must do something about this situation before there is an outbreak of sorts,\" he added.Gram panchayat officers, who are responsible for providing potable drinking water, flatly denied people's allegations and complaints. But when they were confronted with pots of worm-infested water, they accepted the truth and sought time to rectify the anomalies, the villagers said.138 Chitradurga villages to get potable waterChitradurga: Villagers of Aimangala who had forced deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa to drink contaminated water to drive home their need for clean drinking water will finally get their demand fulfilled.Executive engineer of the Panchayat Raj, D T Hanumanthappa, on Saturday told mediapersons that 138 villages will get potable water at a cost of Rs 92 crore. Aimangala and 37 other villages will be supplied water from Vedavati river through the Lakkavvanahally barrage built near Hiriyur town at a cost of Rs 24 crore. Thirty seven villages in Javanagondanahally hobli will be supplied water from Gayatri reservoir built across Suvarnamukhi river near Kariyala at a cost of Rs 16 crore. Sixteen villages on the basin of Vedavati river in Hosadurga taluk will be supplied with Hemavati river water from Ballalasamudra tank at a cost of Rs 8 crore, and 48 villages in the western part of Chitradurga taluk will be supplied potable water from Shanati Sagara at a cost of Rs 68 crore, he said.The officer pointed out that 298 villages were faced with acute shortage due to depletion of groundwater table and continued failure of rainfall in the district. According to a recent study, water in 145 of these villages has high levels of fluoride contamination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563830", "title": "Assam violence: Congress fears being caught in communal divide", "text": "NEW DELHI: The soaring tempers among Muslims over Assam violence have set off alarm bells in Congress, fearful that it can be caught between the aggressive minority voice protesting victimization and a retaliatory Hindu polarization.The pictures from Lucknow, Mumbai and Bangalore have been disturbing for Congress strategists who see them as a threat to the party's electoral calculus seeking to balance majority-minority equation. It could only add to Congress's cup of woes, with slowing economy, inflation and corruption already blunting its appeal with middle-class voters.While Congress swept the 2009 polls with one-sided backing from minorities, the loud complaint that the party regime in Assam and the Centre was biased against the community has triggered fears about its negative impact on its political prospects.The Mumbai protest, seen as a precursor to demonstrations spreading to other cities, blamed Congress for targeting of Muslims in the conflict with Bodos in Assam. It also drew a pattern by citing Centre's silence on the violence against Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar , contrasting it with the alacrity shown by the PM in condemning the massacre of Sikhs in the US.The Azad Maidan violence caught the Congress-ruled state off-guard with the massive turnout and the rhetoric. But the rioting in Lucknow on Friday showed Mumbai may not be an isolated incident but part of a larger community angst following Kokrajhar riots.Congress leaders acknowledged the increasing demonstrations were unnerving if seen alongside the exodus of natives of northeast threatened with reprisals for Assam violence.Observers said revelations of a Pakistani hand in circulating fake videos showing atrocities on Muslims could blunt the anger among minorities.A snowballing minority anger against Congress raises questions if its support base will survive the major battles ahead. As a party leader said, the situation was dangerous because Congress is already dogged by negatives of economy and governance and religious polarization could be the last challenge it would want on its table.Congress circles argue the emerging situation would test the Congress leadership. Attempt to match aggressive \"secular\" parties like Samajwadi Party in assuaging the minority anger could threaten polarization of Hindus - evident from the way BJP and Shiv Sena have waded into the bitter divide. But a bid to live down the anger among Muslims could also earn the minority wrath.The worry lines are evident among Gujarat leaders preparing to take on Narendra Modi in December elections. A Union minister told TOI that aggressive Muslim reaction in states and pictures of fleeing northeast residents from Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai could be fodder for the Hindutva strongman. While the CM would be loathe to be seen as presiding over violence like 2002 because of its implications for his central ambitions, he would be eager that the post-Assam situation consolidates his domestic constituency through the unfolding political narrative.Congressmen said the leadership can negotiate the \"political minefield\" by being seen as \"cracking down\" on \"hate-mongers\" as a generic term. Party chief Sonia Gandhi's demand on Sunday seeking immediate action against culprits of Assam and advocating firm action against those targeting northeast residents in other states, is seen as best way to emerge with fewer bruises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567855", "title": "Ajab Gazabb Love", "text": "CreditsDirector: Sanjay Gadhvi Cast: Jackky Bhagnani , Neha Subbaiah, Arjun Rampal , Arshad Warsi , Kirron Kher Producer: Vashu Bhagnani Banner: Puja Entertainment India Ltd Genre: Romantic comedy Release Date: October 26, 2012SynopsisThe funny and eye-catching promo of the film has received such positive reviews that the entire cast and crew are pumped about the movie on another level altogether.\" Yes , the phenomenal response is definitely very reassuring and reaffirms our faith in the film. We were always very confident about the content of the film and now that we know that the audience is entertained with the promo itself we're gearing up for the next phase,\" quips producer Vashu Bhagnani .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562871", "title": "Constable trapped in flood, rescued", "text": "NAGPUR: A constable attached to Umrer police station had to be rescued by the fire department and other agencies after getting caught in a flood on Sunday. Constable Ranjeet Fase was trapped in a tree in the flooded area when Besur river in Umrer taluka overflowed at around 4.30pm.Fase was heading to Sirsy village, within the limits of Bela police station, on his bike when the incident took place. He had crossed smaller bridges on two nullahs before heading towards the Besur river. The overflowing river water was sweeping across the bridge. The constable returned from the Besur river bridge due to the danger, but by then the two smaller bridges behind him were also under water.Fase got caught amid the swirling waters and climbed up a tree to save himself. He also informed the control room and Umrer police station about his precarious position using his mobile phone. Fase's bike was swept away in the river water.Rescue boats soon started a search for Fase along with divers. By that time his cellphone too had shut down since the battery died. After a long search, Fase was spotted clinging to the tree.Several villages of Umrer and Bela have been affected by the floods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565093", "title": "Five tips on giving allowance to kids", "text": "For children, financial literacy begins at home. The first step is doling out pocket money, which not only gives them financial independence, but also offers parents the chance to educate them about the value of money. Ashna Ambre lists the things you should keep in mind before you use this financial tool1.How should you fix the amount?You can splice the financial learning of your kid in four stages or age bands-5-8 , 9-12, 13-15 and 16-18 years. Start the allowance at around 7 years or the age you are comfortable with depending on the kid's ability to handle money. If you don't think he is ready to take on the responsibility , delay the allowance by a few months or a couple of years. Revise the amount with age as the child's needs and preferences change, from buying sweets and snacks at 8 years to eating out with friends as a teen. It is advisable to start with small, weekly payouts and increase these progressively to a monthly amount because it is easier for a 7-8-year-old to manage small sums over shorter periods than a bigger lump sum. It is also a good idea to fix the amount after inquiring with other parents to avoid peer pressure for the child. However, keep your own budget in mind before doing so.2. Give a piggy bank or open a bank accountFinancial independence can trigger a spending spree in your child. So, the start of an allowance should ideally be accomfine balance between spending and saving. Encourage the child to save before spending , a habit that can ensure financial security when he starts earning. Initiate him into it by gifting a piggy bank or opening a bank account for him (most banks allow kids' accounts at 8 years). Guide him into depositing the money received on festivals or as gifts from relatives in the account. It is also the right time to open him up to the idea of setting short-term goals (buying a favourite toy, iPod , books, etc) to incentivise saving. Pitch in occasionally if the cost is high and the child is sincere about saving for a goal.3. Monitor the spend, but let him decideThe idea of giving an allowance is to provide financial freedom to the child and a chance to hone his monetary skills. Do not hamper it by incessant pointers on how much money he should spend or what he should buy. Your job is to set a framework and ground rules for spending , not to fix the targets for him. Allow him to set his own goals, be it short-term like buying a phone or long-term like purchasing a bike, and decide on the means of getting there. He is bound to make mistakes while doing so; let him. Guide him when he needs your help and assist him in strategising, but let him choose his own course. However , it is important to monitor his spending and ensuring that the child is not misusing his allowance by indulging in gambling, or buying alcohol, cigarettes, etc.4. Don't bail him out financiallyChildren are bound to make mistakes in the process of managing their new responsibility . It is better that they do so at this stage with fewer funds than suffer bigger losses later in life. So accept the fact that your child will lose money or make the wrong spending choices, leaving him with inadequate money for important purchases at the end of the month. At such times, do not bail him out. Providing additional funds every now and then will not create any discipline or induce any learning for the child. Since borrowing or lending is common among teenagers, advise your child against the pitfalls of debt or excessive lending and monitor such dealings.5. Don't pay for errandsThis is a mistake made by most wellmeaning parents. Don't offer the child a chance to pad up his allowance by making money the incentive for academic achievements or carrying out household chores. It's critical to specify the difference between duties or obligations and money-making opportunities , between earnings and rewards. So washing the car can fetch money, not keeping the room clean or getting good grades in class. Similarly , in case of misbehaviour, don't deduct any amount from his allowance ; find other means to discipline him. This will only inculcate greed, not value for money or labour. Worse, the child will always expect to be compensated for every minor errand or behavioural improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15565396", "title": "Obsessed with looks? Try \u2018mirror fasting\u2019", "text": "LONDON: A new trend of \"mirror fasting\" which includes abstaining from looking at your reflection for a month to a year can stop you from obsessing over your looks, a team of US bloggers have claimed.The trend started in the US when bloggers such as Autumn Whitefield-Madrano, a 36-year-old freelance writer based in Queens, New York, launched a blog on mirror fasting, the Guardian reported.\"I'd become aware that I had a 'mirror face'. Whenever I saw my reflection I'd open my eyes a little wider, suck in my cheeks a little and tip my chin down in an effort to make myself look more like I wanted to. It made me feel really vain,\" she was quoted as saying by the paper. She embarked on her first month-long mirror fast in May 2011, in an effort to become less self-conscious about her face.\"I didn't want to do it because I felt bad about myself per se \u2014 I was just concerned about how often I was thinking about my appearance. I wanted to see how much my mood was affected by the way I perceived my looks,\" she said. At the end of the experiment, she reported feeling \"calmer and more serene\" , although she admits her second month-long fast in July 2011 was more challenging . She has now made mirror-fasting an annual event. Her fellow blogger, Kjerstin Gruys, a 29-year-old sociology graduate in San Francisco, mirror-fasted for 12 months in the runup to her wedding.Heavily pencilled eyebrows worst make-up faux pasHeavily pencilled eyebrows were voted the biggest beauty blooper of the 21st century, according to a UK poll. Researchers who polled 2,000 women found dense, false-looking dark brows were the ultimate make-up no-no , The Sun reported. Sporting a tide-mark of foundation around the jaw line where make-up hasn't been blended in properly was declared as the second blooper. In third place were cosmetically-enhanced lips, resulting in a trout pout. Over-plucked eyebrows leaving little or no hair came fourth and dark lip liner combined with a lighter shade of lipstick. Other mistakes in the list were fake beauty spots, clumpy mascara and matted hair extensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15563959", "title": "Landslide toll rises to six", "text": "KOCHI: Search and rescue workers on Sunday retrieved the body of Nalini, who had gone missing in a massive landslide at Kadavoor in Kothamangalam, taking the toll in to six.The search operations would continue for another couple of days more to ensure no more bodies are buried in the debris.\"We have recovered the bodies of the missing persons. We will continue the operations for some more days,\" said M N Ramesh, Muvattupuzha DySP. Nalini's body was later shifted to a hospital.The police officer said that it would take months to clear the debris. Considering the possibility of more landslips, residents of that area have been directed to stay away from their homes.\"Though we have identified a nearby school to rehabilitate the residents, they are reluctant to stay there. Instead, they are staying with their relatives,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, the revenue officials have started the process to assess the damages caused by the landslide. The officials would prepare a list of the affected families for distributing compensation.Friday's landslide, triggered by heavy rains, had completely damaged seven houses, besides partially damaging a few more in Kadavoor village. Over an acre of land was destroyed in nature's fury.Even as the people of Kadavoor village in Kothamangalam is trying to come to terms with the catastrophe that struck them, the rescue team on Sunday retrieved the body of one more person who was reported missing in the massive landslide.With this, the toll in the incident touched six. The search operations are expected to continue for another couple of days to ensure that no more bodies are trapped in the debris. The body of Nalini, wife of Madhu, was later shifted to the hospital.\"We have recovered the bodies of those whom we have identified missing. We will continue with the operations for some more days,\" said Muvattupuzha DySP M N Ramesh.He said that it would take months to clear the debris from the spot and the residents in the area had been directed to stay away as there was still a chance of a land slide if it rained continuously.\"Though we have identified a nearby school to rehabilitate the residents, they are reluctant to stay at the school and are camping in the houses of their relatives,\" the police officer said.Meanwhile, the revenue officials have started the process to identify the damages caused by the landslide. The officials will prepare a list of the affected families for distributing compensation,\" the officials said.It was on Friday around that a major landslide, triggered by heavy rains, struck Kadavoor village. Over an acre of land was destroyed and seven houses were completely washed away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15568299", "title": "Patience is Yashpal's middle name", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Yashpal Sharma, who served the Indian team for 37 Tests &amp; 42 ODIs, is now likely to take over as chief consultant to the Gujarat cricket team. Retirement didn't take him away from the game.It was his knack for a good selection and skills of reading the game that led Sharma to be elevated as a national selector in 2005. He had neither the aura of G Vishwanath nor the charm of Sandeep Patil. He wasn't even considered to be a technically sound batsman.However, the one quality Yashpal Sharma possessed in spades was patience, which eclipsed all the shortcomings.Sharma often demonstrated this ability to emerge as the Indian team's crisis manager in late 1970s and early 1980s. During his international career spanning over six years, Sharma represented India in 37 Tests and 42 ODIs.On his first international tour, to Pakistan , he didn't make the cut for the Test team. But his second assignment, the England tour in 1979, was impressive with 884 runs at an average of 58.93.He made his Test debut at the legendary Lord's Cricket Ground. With this, Sharma cemented his place in the Indian squad for the next four years.He scored his maiden Test century against Australia at New Delhi. Sharma is best remembered for his exploits at the 1983 World Cup in England. Sharma had been picked for the Indian team for the World Cup despite having put in some average performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562878", "title": "Cops arrest 8 during raid on lounge", "text": "NAGPUR: Crime branch raided the lounge of an upmarket restaurant in Sadar on Sunday afternoon following a tip-off about a DJ and dance party on its floor. Eight persons, including owner and manager, were arrested while 173 revellers were rounded up for violating Bombay Police Act.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has undertaken a drive against lounges and restaurants organizing DJs and dance parties where hard liquor is offered besides other beverages, for their violation of the BP Act which necessitated licence for performances.The crime branch personnel, led by senior police inspector Madhao Giri, stormed the premises of the Caramel lounge of Sanja Chulha where revellers were engaged in party where liquor was served and dances were on. The organizers, who had publicized the event on social networking sites, also charged high entry fees for male and female. It is learnt that the DJs were flown in for the party from Dubai and Mumbai to pep up the mood.Dhanvijay said the revellers rounded up from the party have been sent for medical examination to ascertain whether they were consuming contraband substances. \"Our crackdown would continue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15565318", "title": "Suryapura girls still terrorised", "text": "SASARAM: DGP Abhayanand's announcement on Friday that the police will take stern action against the eve teasers notwithstanding, nine school girls of Suryapura near Aliganj in Rohtas district and their parents are still terrorized.The plight of the nine girls hit the headlines recently when a member of National Commission for Women (NCW), who was in Patna on Friday, said women are not safe in Bihar. The eve teasers have forced these girls to desert their study and they are staying indoors on their return from the capital after meeting the NCW member. The local administration has not made any security arrangement for them.Meanwhile, a four-member RJD team, which met the girls at their residences on Sunday, demanded immediate resignation of CM Nitish Kumar for his failure to protect the dignity of girl students. The victims and their mothers admitted before the media on Sunday that they are still in trauma because even after the assurance of the DGP on Friday no action has been taken against the culprits who were torturing them for the last three years. \"Only word of assurance came from the Janatna Darbar of Rohtas DM and SP Rohtas,\" rued Rita Kumari, an Intermediate student.The mothers of the girls said their schoolgoing daughters had been facing eve teasing trauma since 2007. And when their cry for justice failed to reach to the ears of the officials concerned right from SHO to DM, they lodged a complaint with the chief minister but to no avail.But on the complaint of brother of one of the girls, who studies in Delhi, in first week of August this year, the National Commission for Women took cognizance in the matter and asked the state government to act immediately. Though the DGP had claimed that Crime Control Act will be applied against the guilty in this matter, legal experts said there is no scope of invoking the CCA in such crime.Meanwhile, the district police have initiated the process for cancellation of the bail of a main accused Manish Kumar, who was arrested in July for eve teasing but released on bail. Chairman of the RJD fact finding team Lalan Pasawan said the incident has tarnished the image of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15562860", "title": "Heavy rains lash district", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Overnight torrential downpour threw normal life out of gear in Chandrapur on Sunday. Heavy showers that started on late Saturday night continued till Sunday afternoon. In the last 24 hours, the district registered overall rainfall of 1465.2mm with average of 97.6mm per tehsil.Water logging occurred on the main roads including section of Mahatma Gandhi road near Azad garden and Lokmanya Tilak Vidyalaya, and also on road from Shivaji Chowk near Patel High School to Girnar Chowk. A section of Kasturba road from the backside of Azad Garden up to State Bank of India (main branch) was filled with water. Roads in Babupeth locality too were also affected.Bramhapur tehsil received the highest rainfall of 290mm followed by Nagbhid with 156mm. The hilly tehsil Jiwti received the lowest 20mm rainfall. Other tehsils in the district too received good rainfall ranging between 60mm and 125mm. The Ghodajhari irrigation project is filled to the brim and the administration was forced to release the dam water.Heavy rainfall in Chimur tehsil blocked the roads leading to Warora, Hinganghat and Nagbhid for over five hours on Sunday morning. As the village pond in Kohadi in Chimur tehsil gave way, the overflowing water destroyed paddy crop in over 150 acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564629", "title": "UP to add 1,100MW toits power kitty today", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an attempt that is sure to add some glitter to Eid festivities, the state government is all set switch on four units with a combined capacity of 1,100 MW at different power plants on Monday. This will not only ease the ever-stressed northern grid, but also usher in a ray of hope for the UP, one of the main culprits of overdrawal from the grid which led mega blackout early this month.The units which are proposed to go on steam include the 110 MW unit of Paricha that went off the grid way back on January 5, 2011 and subsequently put under renovation and maintenance work. Likewise, a 500 MW unit of Anpara, a 200 MW unit of Obra and 300 MW unit of Rosa are likely to start operations on the day, much to the relief of the people of UP who have been facing severe power cuts due to shortfall in power generation.According to the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre, the 500 MW of unit-5 at Anpara had tripped following a boiler tube leakage on August 16. Similarly, the unit-10 of Obra had been shut for renovation work on March 23, earlier this year. The coming of 300 MW unit of Rosa too marks another important development in the power sector. The unit was shut down by Reliance Power on July 4 following a reported commercial dispute with the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL).UPPCL managing director AP Mishra said that the corporation was hopeful of getting these power plants operational on the day. The corporation is also keeping its fingers crossed for getting the 600 MW Anpara C power plant ready for production. The project has been facing problems in its coal handling plant even though the corporation was registering coal shortage as a reason behind its tripping.Two more power plants of the National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ), too, are expected to come into operation after the due renovation and maintenance work. While the 110 MW unit of Tanda is scheduled to become functional on August 30, the one at Rihand (500 MW) is expected to begin production on August 24.The UP government has been under pressure for quite some time to get its own power generation improved, particularly after the two successive grid collapses on July 31 and August 1, which plunged the state into complete darkness. UP's own generation is still hovering around 3000 MW, which means that the state has to bank heavily on the Central quota to meet its requirements. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Sunday, blamed it on the previous government for the poor condition of the power generation. He, however, said that the state government was trying to get the generating units back on track.In fact, on Sunday, the UP's chart showed that the state was withdrawing between 4,000 to 6,500 MW of power from the northern grid. The maximum withdrawal was during the early hours of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15566831", "title": "Miffed filmmakers to meet I&B; Minister", "text": "Among other impositions in recent months, filmmakers are upset with a recent diktat of the I &amp; B Ministry. A circular issued on August 2 makes it mandatory for them to carry a disclaimer on the actor smoking in the film, repeat it in the middle, and have a static message on the screen for the entire duration of the scene.A delegation comprising Siddharth Roy Kapur, Madhur Bhandarkar, Mahesh Bhatt and Sudhir Mishra, led by the Vice President of the Film and Producers Guild of India Mukesh Bhatt, will meet the Union Minister for Information and Broadcasting Ambika Soni in New Delhi on Wednesday, August 21. Ashutosh Gowariker is likely to join them.The filmmakers' prime grouse is the ministry's mandate for a disclaimer condemning smoking during the entire length of the scene. A miffed Mukesh said, \"We object to running the disclaimer during the entire scene. We have no issues in showing it before the start of the film and once after the interval. If the government is indeed concerned about smoking, why not ban it altogether in the country? They will not tolerate a decrease in revenue but are ever ready to violate our freedom of expression.\"Madhur Bhandarkar seconded Mukesh saying, \"We are united in our stand.\"Apart from the disclaimer, there are other issues as well. For instance, the I &amp; B Ministry has taken a stand that certain adult films like The Dirty Picture and Jannat 2 cannot be screened on national television at prime time.Also, the service tax recently imposed on producers has rattled them as it has escalated their costs. Yash Chopra , who otherwise supports every cause, will not be part of the delegation as he is busy filming the final schedule of his next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "", "code": "15564445", "title": "Two arrested for vehicle theft", "text": ": Two brothers were arrested for their alleged involvement in thefts of several motorcycles and scooters in west Delhi, police said. Harbans Singh and Jasbir Singh were arrested on Saturday and 11 scooters were recovered, they said.The gang specializes in stealing scooters and disposes them of in the junk market. The duo were arrested after a specific tip off on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564048", "title": "Two youth killed in accident", "text": "KOCHI: Marriage celebration of a family ended in tragedy when a close relative of the bride and his friend were killed in a bike accident at Malipuram in Vypeen on Sunday. Police said that the youngsters were identified as Manuprasad (24) of Marakkaparambil and his friend Harisagar (20) both from Malipuram.Police said that the accident occurred when the motorcycle in which they were travelling skidded off the road around 2am on Sunday and hit an electric post. The duo were on their way to the bride's house after shopping for the marriage scheduled on Sunday. While Manuprasad, the bride's relative, was riding the bike, Harisagar was the pillion rider.They were immediately rushed to a hospital. Harisagar died on the spot while Manuprasad died on the way to the hospital. The bodies were later handed over to the relatives after post-mortem. Their bodies were cremated on Sunday evening.Ambulance collides with bus: An ambulance shifting an accident victim to a city hospital collided with a private bus on the North railway bridge on Sunday.Though the patient, Rajeed (32) of Paravoor, did not suffer further injuries, another ambulance had to be summoned to take him to the hospital. The ambulance driver, and the patient's bystander, suffered minor injuries in the mishap.Police said the accident happened while ambulance driver tried to negotiate the vehicle through the heavy traffic.Rajeed was brought to the hospital from Paravoor after he had suffered serious injuries in a bike accident on Sunday afternoon. He has been admitted to the ICU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564281", "title": "Troubling monkey trapped", "text": "COIMBATORE: The monkey, which attacked a four-year-old near the central prison on Friday, was finally trapped by the forest department and city corporation officials on Sunday. The 10-year-old monkey had attacked three people other than the child in the recent days.Officials led by veterinarians Ashokan and Manoharan had caught the monkey by leaving bananas mixed with taming substances on the area where the monkey frequented. The monkey was seen near Chinathamani Bazar on Sunday morning in a comatose. It was taken to Coimbatore City Zoo after injecting taming medicines. Kept in a separate enclosure, the monkey would be a permanent member of the zoo now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563806", "title": "Contractors will have to maintain roads for two years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Private road contractors will now be held responsible for the quality of roads they build. A new scheme of road contracting and construction approved by the Cabinet will make the contractors responsible for the quality for roads for two years and for structures like bridges and flyovers for five years after the construction is over.The contracting system - engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) - also puts the onus of maintaining the roads at least for two years. Initially, this form of contracting will be taken up for building government-funded national highways. \"Subsequently, we will follow this system in building roads in northeast and all road projects undertaken by the ministry will be executed on EPC mode. We will also issue an advisory to state governments to adopt this,\" road transport and highways secretary A K Upadhyay said.Though India has the second largest road network in the world totaling 4.2 million km, most of it is of poor quality. Experts say poor quality construction and maintenance are the major reasons behind this. EPC is being seen as a model that will address many deficiencies in road construction, including delay in completion and cost overrun.To now, quantities for different items of work known as bill of quantities (BoQ) -- payments to contractors based on measurement of the work done in respect of each item - had been the practice. This has already been abandoned in the developed world.A study of 20 NH projects executed on item-rate contracts showed that these, on an average, take 61 months to complete as against 29 months taken by projects executed through Public Private Partnership (PPP). The government study found that these projects had cost overruns of an average 48%.\"We are shifting focus from what is delivered on the ground than how the road is built. The contractor will have flexibility to evolve and adopt innovative designs without compromising on the quality,\" an NHAI official said.Contractors will get 1.5% of the contract price for the first year and 2% for the second year for maintenance of these stretches. The maintenance includes prompt repairs of potholes, cracks, drains, embankments, pavement markings, lighting and road signs. The agencies will keep a performance security amount to ensure that the contractor delivers on all fronts till two years after construction is over.While there will be bonus for early completion of projects, delay will invite penalty on private contractors. The EPC norms also fix responsibilities of government agencies. These agencies will pay daily damages for any delays in handing over the land, railways approvals, environment clearances and shifting of utilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15563919", "title": "Less road mishaps in Ghazipur district", "text": "VARANASI: Massive decline in the number of road mishaps in Ghazipur district in past seven months has compelled the senior officials to analyse the reasons.By going through the records of past five years of Ghazipur district it can be seen that in 2008 the number of road mishaps was recorded as 211 (between January 1 and July 31). In the same comparative period 181 road mishaps took place in 2009, 265 in 2010 and 290 road accidents came to light in 2011. But in current calendar year the number of road mishaps was recorded as 64. Due to it similar trend was visible in the number of casualties.The DIG Range A Satish Ganesh admitted that this was a surprise decline as there was no similarity in the trend of reduction in the number of road mishaps in other districts of the range. When the DIG sought reasons for this improvement in traffic scene in Ghazipur district the cops of this district also said that they had yet to analyse the reasons.Shockingly the number of road mishaps increased in Varanasi (206) in the same comparative period this year, which is higher than the figures of road mishaps if compared to the records of past four years. Similar trend is maintained in Chandauli district while some decline in the number of roads mishaps is visible in the records of Jaunpur district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567050", "title": "US Open: The final frontier", "text": "The US Open, one of the oldest tennis tournaments in the world, will once again drive many promising names to the Flushing Meadows.Starting way back in 1881, the US Open is the fourth and final event of the Grand Slams tournaments in a year.Initially known as the US Championships wherein only men's singles and doubles tournament were held, it has evolved into a two-week sporting extravaganza.When the Championship marked its beginning 129 years ago, the criteria for participation was very restricted as only the clubs that were members of the United States National Lawn Tennis Association were eligible to play in the event.From 1884 until 1911 the tournament used a challenge system whereby the defending champion automatically qualified for the next year's final.The first official US Women's National Singles Championship was held six years after i.e. in 1887 the men's nationals, in Philadelphia Cricket Club, followed by doubles in 1889.The US Open consists of five championships namely, men's and women's singles, men's and women's doubles, mixed doubles, with additional tournaments for champions invitational, junior, and wheelchair players.The US Open Champions Invitational consists a host of former Grand Slam champions, finalists and fan favorites. The Champions Invitational has a modified version of the World TeamTennis format, with doubles matches forming all competition.The players are divided into four teams of four players each, with all teams playing two matches. Prize money is awarded based on the teams' order of finish.The tournament has been played on acrylic hard court, since 1978, at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center at Flushing Meadows, New York.The US Tennis Association would give a record $1.8 million to the singles champions at the 2011 US Open. The total prize money is rising by more than $1 million to $23.7 million, the most ever for the Grand Slam tournament.The USTA said the 2011 tournament would have an increase of about 6 percent in men's and women's singles prize money.The US Open differs from the other three Grand Slam tournaments in that there are final set tie-breaks. Whereas in the other three tournaments, the fifth set for men and the third set for women continues until someone wins by two games.Novak Djokovic capped one of tennis's greatest seasons with a awe-inspiring 2011 US Open triumph over defending champion Rafael Nadal 6-2, 6-4, 6-7, 6-1 and claim his third Grand Slam title of the year. Djokovic struggled with rib pain, lower back pain and cramping and needed a medical timeout and pain killer to carry on in a punishing final but stubbornly refused to yield. Djokovic produced a masterful display of tactics and precision then regained his composure after failing to serve out the match in the third set to seal victory after four hours and 10 minutes.Samantha Stosur never stopped believing she could join the ranks of Australian tennis greats with a Grand Slam singles title, but even she didn't expect it to be so easy against the most dominant player of her generation. Stosur displayed power and poise as she swept aside 13-time Grand Slam champion Serena Williams in the 2011 US Open final, shrugging off an angry outburst from the American in the second set to put her name alongside such legends as Margaret Court and Evonne Goolagong.Lisa Raymond surpassed Billie Jean King as the oldest Grand Slam women's doubles champion, teaming with Liezel Huber for a 4-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) victory over defending champions Vania King and Yaroslava Shedova in the 2011 US Open final. Raymond and Huber saved match point trailing 5-4 in the second set, then got to the third-set tiebreaker.Oliver Golding of Britain and American Grace Min both toppled top seeds to win the boys' and girls' singles finals at the 2011 US Open.Austria's Jurgen Melzer and Germany's Philipp Petzschner won their second Grand Slam doubles title, beating Mariusz Fyrstenberg and Marcin Matkowski in straights sets in the 2011 US Open final. The ninth-seeded Melzer and Petzschner won 6-2, 6-2 in 49 minutes.American teenagers Melanie Oudin and Jack Sock won the 2011 US Open mixed doubles title, beating eighth-seeded Gisela Dulko and Eduardo Schwank of Argentina in a tiebreak. Oudin and Sock won 7-6 (4), 4-6, 10-8 (tiebreak) in front of a sparse crowd at Arthur Ashe Stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15565392", "title": "This website lets you rant about office", "text": "MELBOURNE: Unhappy with your workplace? Here is an opportunity to vent your anger at a website that lets you anonymously review your past and present bosses and the company. The website NakedOffice provides a behind-the-scenes glimpse into the inner workings of some Australian companies. \"This company has one of the most frustrating, dysfunctional work environments I have ever encountered. Employee initiative is actively discouraged ,\" 'the Age' quoted one worker of Dick Smith Electronics as writing. \"Long-standing problems go unrecognized and unresolved by management, even when there are obvious simple solutions. While there are supposedly avenues for staff to offer feedback and suggestions , they are purposely designed to be impractical and difficult to engage, and the administration in Sydney makes its contempt for the plebs abundantly clear,\" the worker wrote.Another review, of Freehills law firm, claimed it was the \"single worst place I've ever worked\". \"They only care about profits and keeping their clients happy ... to make more profits. Hideously long hours, poor workplace culture and no room for advancement unless you're a lawyer who likes to bill at least 14 hours a day, seven days a week,\" the review said.Chris Holmes, co-founder of NakedOffice, defended the reliability of the reviews. \"You have to take it in good faith. If someone had a good experience with a company you'd hope they'd leave a review and vice versa. If they've had a bad experience then they are going to let people know about it,\" Holmes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15564468", "title": "Will Bo\u2019s wife escape death sentence?", "text": "BEIJING: The fate of Gu Kailai , the high profile wife of disgraced Chinese Communist Party leader Bo Xilai who has confessed to murdering British businessman Neil Heywood, will be announced on Monday.Regarded as the most politically significant case, after the trial of Mao Zedong's wife Jiang Qing 36 years ago which decisively changed the ideological course of Communist Party, the Gu verdict is expected to have a significant bearing on this year's Party Congress.Speculation is rife that Gu would get a death sentence along with her orderly Zhang Xiaojun. But some analysts think that death sentence could be commuted to life term as she has cooperated with the investigators and has defended her action by saying it was to protect her only son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563376", "title": "PAC may discuss CAG reports", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Public Accounts Committee of Parliament is scheduled to meet on August 23 and could consider bringing the latest set of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) reports onto its agenda for the year, setting in motion another high-profile investigation.The meeting next week will not see any discussion beyond the procedure to deal with the three CAG reports on coal allocations, post-bid changes in the running of Delhi airport and diversion of coal for a power project operated by the Anil Ambani group.PAC chairperson M M Joshi is expected to seek the committee's approval to bring the CAG reports on the agenda for the year and while this is seen to be a formality, the politically charged rhetoric over the auditor's findings might see some sparks fly.The opposition sees the reports as ammunition against a government that has been hemmed in by allies and is battling the effects of an economic slowdown and corruption scandals. The reports have made the Congress more bellicose about the auditor.Once the reports are taken on agenda, a list of questions is dispatched to the relevant ministries to frame the discussions that follow. The list of witnesses will include officials as well as representatives of some of the private entities involved in the projects.The report on coal allocations is seen to be the most politically damaging with blocks being allotted by a screening committee that was overseen by senior PMO officials. Unlike the 2G scam , where the first come, first serve policy was manipulated, in the coal allocations, there is no such principle. CAG has said it found no evidence of various bids being compared and evaluated.Interestingly, opposition-ruled state governments have challenged the Centre's contention that they opposed auction of coal blocks. Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh said all he had insisted upon was that coal blocks should not be allotted to complete outsiders who had no stake in ongoing or committed power projects in the state.Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik is also understood to have taken a similar view. The states are saying that they did not want projects in their state being affected adversely and this did not amount to being opposed to competitive bidding.The changes in the contract for the Delhi international airport limited run by the GMR group have also raised the hackles of MPs, some of who like BJP\"s Nishikant Dubey and CPI's Prabodh Panda have already raised civil aviation issues with the Central Vigilance Commission. The DIAL contract is fresh fodder on NCP leader Praful Patel's tenure as minister for civil aviation.All three reports have been challenged by the government and Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari has said the auditor was in the habit of \"adding zeros\". The methodology for calculating the profits accrued to the coal block allottees has been challenged and this can be reflected in the PAC's questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15564027", "title": "Register cognizable offences against attackers, says NGO", "text": "PUNE: Members of My Home India organization, an NGO which runs a helpline for students from the northeast, have urged the police to register cases of cognizable offence against the culprits involved in attacks on people from the northeast living in the city.Addressing a press conference on Sunday, Sunil Deodhar, founder and general secretary, My Home India, said the Maharashtra government has shown a lack of governance in dealing with the issue. He said that frequent meetings should be held with people from the northeast and a long-term policy be framed to deal with matters relating to them.\"The Pune police should take strong action against those involved in the incidents of attacks on people from the northeast and register cognizable offences against the culprits,\" he said.He added that he had spoken to many students who had complained that they had received threatening SMSs. Deodhar also said that citizens of Pune should reach out to the people from the northeast.Meanwhile, he said that many people from the northeast who have left Pune should be back in the next 15 to 20 days to continue with their education or work.Mayur Karjatkar of My Home India said they were coordinating with the students through their helpline 9011017918.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15563657", "title": "A youthful palette of colours, camerawork", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Capturing a moment on lens is their passion and to celebrate their hobby, some enthusiastic youngsters came together to display and share their world with the rest on World Photography Day on Sunday. The art galleries of Punjab Kala Bhawan in Sector 16 and a cafA\u00a9 in Sector 38, where works of two artitts were displayed wore a colourful look, marking the occasion.To provide a platform for amateur photographers and serious hobbyists to showcase their work, a group of art lovers, organized a show,'Random Shots', where works of nine artists are being been exhibited at Punjab Kala Bhawan. The photographers come from different backgrounds and professions and have displayed six photographs each. Two of them are displaying their works for the first time, one is from the insurance sector and the other from the media. Others include a senior government officer, a doctor and an engineer.At a Sector 38 cafA\u00a9 gallery the display of paintings of a budding artist, a student of Class XI as well as another artist, Ajit Oberoi, is an attempt to celebrate not just art but also to bring two artists with an age difference of 20 years come face to face with each other.Ajit, who runs a painting school, has been into art for the last 20 years. She takes hobby classes to make a living for her son and herself.Having started young when she learnt oil and glass painting, today she plays with clay in her innovative three dimensional paintings. Recently she participated in All-India AIDS Awareness Painting Competition and bagged a consolation prize. The other artist, Vivitsa Kohli was excited to have her work up on the 'Art Wall' of the gallery where people could get themselves clicked next to her life-size works on the wall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565094", "title": "Benefits of buying a house for your wife", "text": "What's the biggest advantage of buying property in your wife's name? Pleasing her, impressing the family, being seen as a trendsetter in a patriarchal society? Yes, there is all that, but the icing on the cake is that you might shave off 1-2 % of the property value. Several state governments offer women buyers a discount on stamp duty as a part of social initiatives (see graphic). Stamp duty is the tax paid to the state government when you buy a property and get it transferred in your name. In Delhi, for instance, a woman needs to pay a stamp duty of 4% compared with 6% for men.This benefit of lower stamp duty can be availed of even when the property is gifted to the spouse. Here's how this benefit is extended to women.Empowering womenAccording to Naushad Panjwani, executive director of Knight Frank India , the aim of this initiative is to empower women. With more assets in their name, the economic status of women in India can improve, which in turn can make them less vulnerable to exploitation. \"In many northern states, there is an imbalance in the sex ratio. This is the ratio of male to female population, with the national average being 914:1000. So this discount was started to incentivise women property owners,\" explains Panjwani. This is not a onetime deal and applies to all subsequent property purchases.However, far from being an economic leveller, this incentive is being exploited for trading purposes. \"Nearly 75% of all transactions involving women buyers are for trading . The male members buy a property and get it registered in the woman's name to benefit from the 2% lower transaction cost. Then they resell the property for a profit within a short span of time,\" says Panjwani . It's a good strategy because even a small percentage saved in a speculative transaction makes for a good deal.Joint propertyIf it's not possible to buy a property in your wife's name, consider joint registration. Some states, including Delhi, offer a 1% discount on stamp duty in such cases. According to Mayur Shah, director, tax and regulatory services, Ernst &amp; Young, there are some legal and tax benefits in purchasing a second property jointly with your wife. \"If the wife is a coowner , she can claim a deduction of up to 1.5 lakh for the interest paid on a home loan in case of self-occupied property,\" says Shah. If the property is let out, the entire amount of interest can be claimed by both husband and wife. \"In case the husband incurs business debts or losses, any property registered in the wife's name cannot be attached to cover such losses. Also, after the demise of one spouse, the other automatically becomes the sole owner of the property ,\" he adds.TaxationAs for wealth tax, the asset is treated as net wealth in the hands of the spouse who owns the property. To get the maximum benefit from this incentive , remember that simply registering the property in the name of the wife won't be enough. The provisions of the domestic tax law in India , according to Shah, state that the income earned directly or indirectly by the wife from assets transferred to her will be clubbed with the income of the husband. This means that if you buy a house in your wife's name, but she does not contribute monetarily to the purchase, the rental income from this property will be treated as your income and taxed at the applicable rate. One way of circumventing this is to give a 'loan' to your wife. So, if you lend her 50 lakh, she can later transfer jewellery worth this amount in your name.However, before you decide to buy the next property in your wife's name, remember that home loans can also be a deciding factor. Banks typically insist that the property be in the name of the person who is applying for the loan. \"This means that if the husband is the sole earning member in a family, it may be difficult to get the property registered in the name of the wife,\" explains Panjwani.Other tax benefitsHere's how to reduce your tax liability.If the husband incurs business debt or loss, the house that is registered in the wife's name cannot be attached to cover the loss. Joint ownership can be beneficial if both the spouses take home loans as each can claim tax deduction for the interest paid on loan. In case the husband already owns many assets, registering the house in his wife's name will reduce his wealth tax liability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "15565373", "title": "Three sisters drown, but save brother", "text": "BEGUSARAI: In what came as an ultimate sacrifice, three teenaged sisters lost their lives but saved their three-year-old brother from drowning after he entered deep into river Balan while playing on its bank at village Farchiban under Mansoorchak block in Begusarai district on Sunday.The sisters - Khushboo, Kajal and their cousin Priti - were washing clothes on the riverside when they spotted their brother Shivam and another kid Vikas struggling in deep water. Seeing the duo in trouble, Khushboo spent no time before taking a plunge into the river. Showing exemplary courage, Kajal and Priti followed suit. The three reached the kids, who clasped the sisters tightly, not allowing them to move their shoulders freely and swim to safety.Meanwhile, heeding their cries, villagers assembled there and took all of them out of the river. However, this could not avert the tragedy as the trio had already lost their lives. Shivam and Vikas were rushed to the nearby Dalsingsarai subdivisional hospital in Samastipur district, where they are learnt to have survived.Khushboo and Kajal were daughters of Surendra Choudhary. Priti, their cousin, was the daughter of Mantun Choudhary. Surendra, who works for a private company in Delhi, had come to his village on August 13 on vacation. Vikas is the son of one Nawal Kishore Poddar of the same village. A pall of gloom descended on the village following the tragedy. Mansoorchak BDO and Bachhwara police inspector were camping at the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563785", "title": "Minority issues: Govt comes under attack from Surjya Kanta Mishra", "text": "KOLKATA: The CPM continued its tirade against the Mamata Banerjee government and criticized its claims on minority development. Assembly opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said on Sunday that mere claims and laying of foundation stones cannot conceal the way the state was sitting over central funds allocated under the 11th Finance Commission for minority development.\"In Bengal, districts which have more than 20% minority population were entitled to these funds. Twelve districts figured among this district along with Kolkata Municipal Corporation. East Midnapore was a notable exclusion for 2001 census data and was used as a benchmark. The state was undivided then. But why is it like that still now? Why is the district bereft of central funds?\" questioned Mishra.\"Till June 2010, the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government had send project proposals of Rs 682 crore of the Rs 686 crore allocated to it. This government has send projects worth only Rs 1.3 crore for approval. Even then, the approved projects have not materialised in Kolkata and South 24-Parganas,\" he added. The leader also named seven such projects in Kolkata which included the proposed BEd college at Hazi Md Mohsin Square to be named after Md Abdul Latif. \"The seven-storeyed building is still there and work hasn't progressed an inch,\" he said.Mishra also attacked the government's failure to provide certificates to minoritiesclassified as OBCs. \"What has happened to the 10,000 madrassas to be set up? What about the recruitment of teachers even for the sanctioned posts?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563677", "title": "Schoolgirl missing for a week, family fears abduction", "text": "KOLKATA: A 17-year-old girl of a state PWD employee, who had gone to a Birati mall with her mother, is missing since last six days. While the police are yet to make any break to trace the girl, the parents fear that their daughter has been kidnapped.The parents of the Class XII student of Belgharia Mahakali Girls High School, Sohini Paul, suspect their daughter was kidnapped and have lodged a complaint of abduction with the Nimta police station on Sunday. Partha Sarathi Paul, the girl's father and an employee at Salt Lake Purta (public works department)Bhawan, had earlier met Naparajit Mukherjee, DG, West Bengal , and lodged a complaint with the CID missing squad. But the girl, missing since August 13, could not be traced till Sunday night.This comes close on the heels of reports of a Belghoria girl, a Class X student, going missing on her way to tuition classes on July 16.Around 6.30pm on August 13, Sohini, a resident of Nimta's Udaypur, went to a shopping mall in Birati with her mother Sukriti. From there, Sukriti took an auto to home while Sohini had to catch a private bus for Belghoria Bata crossing to attend her private coaching class. After coming out of the shopping mall I boarded an auto from Birati stand and returned my home in Nimta. My daughter was to catch a bus near shopping mall to reach Belghoria to attend her mathematics coaching class.As Sohini did not return home till late at night, her parents reached the coaching class and came to know that she did not attend classes last Monday. They had lodged a missing diary with Nimta police station. Sohini could not be contacted as she had left her cell phone at home. \"My daughter never missed her coaching class as she was very serious about her studies. She used to return home from her tuitions in time and take her mobile phone whenever she had to go to the tuitions. Last Monday, she had forgotten to take her phone she was in a hurry for the shopping,\" said Partha Sarathi Paul, the girl's father.The police are, however, still not sure whether the girl was abducted, \"Her family did not receive any ransom call till Sunday evening. The search operation is still on. We are also tracking the call list of her cell phone,\" The surrounding police stations have been also alerted in this connection,\"said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15565014", "title": "14-year-old boy held for molesting minor girl", "text": "TRICHY: In a shocking incident, a minor boy attempted to sexually abuse a seven-year-old girl in a village near Trichy. Police arrested him and sent him to a juvenile home here on Sunday.The seven-year-old girl is studying in the second standard at a government school and is one of the three daughters to a poor couple from a small village in Trichy district. She was molested by the 14-year-old son of a daily wage worker from the same village. The boy is a school drop-out and peddled fruits in the area. The incident occurred in close proximity to their house on Saturday night when several children were playing.\"She was playing with other children in the area along with her two sisters. During that time, he tried to lure her with a fruit. As her sisters noticed his behaviour, they picked up a quarrel with him and went home to complain to their parents, leaving the victim at the spot. In the meantime, the boy attempted to abuse her sexually. However, the girl managed to escape from him and reached home. Her parents searched for him but he fled the spot at once. So, they lodged a complaint with the Kallakudi police on Saturday night,\" V Ilanchezhian, inspector of police, told TOI.The girl was admitted to the Annal Gandhi Government Memorial Hospital in Trichy for medical examination on Saturday night. Police launched a search to nab the boy and secured 0him on Sunday morning, said Ilanchezhian.\"The boy admitted to the offence. He used to access the internet to watch pornographic contents regularly. Hence his mind had been spoilt,\" he added. Police have registered a case under Sections 376 and 511 of the IPC against the boy and arrested him. Later, he was produced in a juvenile court and remanded in a juvenile home in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15563331", "title": "Eid is all about spirit, not money", "text": "BHOPAL: The secret was out! The much-awaited eidi was in dadi's batua and not inside her paan-daan. Her golden zardosi purse was brimming with currency that had withstood inflationary pressure. The barkatieidi (blessing) of '10 paise' was ready to be handed out with aplomb to each and every member who was younger to her, albeit by a couple of years.Without the customary eidi the festival of Eid just doesn't seem complete -- especially to children. \"Dulhan, aap yaad se chuttay karwa lena,\" said dadi handing over a higher denomination note, a few daysbefore Eid. The brand new shining coins were a blessing and for keeps. Pious parents forbid their children from spending their eidi. The coins were dropped in clay piggy banks with an almost certain feelingthat the barkati eidi would keep it full at all times! Having grown up listening to stories of earlier generations being given eidis of1 anna (1/16 rupee, later equivalent to 6.25 naye paise), it was a pleasant surprise when dadi decided to raise the bar to a whole rupee!No it wasn't growth in economy that prompted the change of heart in dadi -- rather the 10 paise coins went out of circulation in the mid-nineties, just as the four-annas had vanished overnight ages ago. Yet the rules of the game did not change for dadi. Her eidi remained a level playing field for all - for the haves and havenots. Everyone gave the same amount.Those were the good-old-days -- long before everyone became a slave to crass commercialisation and a person's respectability was weighed by the denominations of the currency note. There was little one could do with a 10 paise coin in the 90s too but the feeling of getting eidi was never about money. Times have changed and people flaunt their richness by handing out 500 or 1000 rupee notes and sometimes with lavish gifts such as iPhone's, play stations. Who cares about the spirit behind Eidi?I, for one, would love to be saved the embarrassment of receiving or giving large denomination notes. Any one with a shiny coin for me -- the coin with Eid values and its real spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15564761", "title": "Govt school teachers set to go on strike", "text": "RANCHI: It seems to be the season of strike for teachers of government schools of Jharkhand. After the ongoing strike of 70,000 para teachers, other teachers have also decided to join them in the coming days. More than 200 state education service officers, 500 addition education service officers and 800 project officers have decided to go on strike from August 29 if their demands for hike in salary and timely promotions are not fulfilled.Meanwhile, 45,000 primary school teachers have also decided to go on strike from September 5. Primary teacher Piyush Kumar said: \"Our demands are genuine. We submitted a list of our requirements to the state HRD department last year and we were assured that our demands will be accepted. However, no action has been taken to ease our problems as yet.\"The demands of these primary teachers include relieving them from works related to mid-day meal preparations and supervision of building constructions, regular promotios, fulfilling the 87% vacant posts of principals in various schools and increasing the retirement age from 62 to 65 years.State education minister Baidyanath Ram said: \"It is wrong on the part of para teachers to go on strike. They know that we have done everything that was in our hand. The proposal for increment of salary has been sent to the finance department and we are waiting for their response.\"Ram said that a meeting has been called to discuss the problems of education officers on August 21 and he will approve all their valid demand. \"I am not aware about the strike of primary teachers but I will definitely help them out when they approach me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15565034", "title": "Over 350 Delhi Transport Corporation buses break down daily", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over four thousand breakdowns in a 15-day period. That's the \"work\" schedule of buses run by the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC). Every day, around 350-390 breakdowns are reported by the DTC. A majority of these breakdowns are in the mint-new, low-floor buses.As per figures available with the DTC's central command centre, 4,900 breakdowns were reported in the past fortnight. From simple punctures to what the DTC describes as merely \"technical\" problems, the range of reasons is wide but worrying. Engine defects (227), clutch defects (317), tyre punctures (454), starting trouble (1,271) and buses not being able to pull their weight (271) abound. Other type of breakdowns, accounting for 2,469 buses, involved headlights, oil leakages, problems with driving shafts etc.Officials say technical breakdowns are the most common in the low-floor buses, which comprise more than 70% of the daily bus fleet. \"A number of breakdowns are reported in the old standard floor buses, but most of these run in the Outer Delhi or rural areas. The low-floor buses run within the city, and complaints about them have been pouring in,\" said an official.This is despite the fact that a third-party maintenance contract is maintained by DTC with both Tata and Ashok Leyland . Both these companies have an annual maintenance contract (AMC) that charges between Rs 60-70 lakh per bus. In fact, for AC buses, DTC pays Rs 4.50 per km for each AC bus from zero-75,000km. From 75,000-1 lakh km, the rate is Rs 5 per km.As part of the AMC, DTC can also penalize the third party maintenance agency if 93% of operations of the bus, whether low-floor or standard, is not met. The penalty is Rs 2,000 for non-AC buses and Rs 2,300 per AC bus. The reality, say sources, is far different. \"Despite the penalty clause, less than 50% of the actual penalties are levied,\" said the source.DTC spokesperson Sharat Kumar however, dismisses all such complaints. \"There are 5,100 buses plying during the day and 4,900 in the evening. Of these, if some buses break down, it's not surprising, especially as around 1,800 buses in the fleet are old standard buses.\"He admits though that 350-390 buses breaking down is a high number. Kumar claims that the DTC has recently come down hard on the companies handling the AMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564455", "title": "Final tax assessment of Ramdev trusts begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Revenue department has begun a final tax assessment of the trusts associated with yoga guru Ramdev after service and I-T officials recently conducted special probes on these enterprises for alleged tax evasion. Both the revenue collection arms of finance ministry's income tax and service tax departments have recently issued notices to these trusts which are now being contested by Ramdev.Officials of Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB) and Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) are assessing the income and service tax liability of these trusts run by Ramdev.\"An inquiry has been initiated to ascertain the Service Tax liability on Ramdev's trusts. Prima facie, there were some commercial activities like sale of coupons to participate in yoga camps and sales of products (claimed to be of medicinal use) by Patanjali Yoga Peeth run by him. The department is assessing them,\" a source said.Officials said information related to the sponsors and the source of money used in conducting various programmes across the country by Ramdev's trusts were being collected. When contacted, Ramdev's spokesperson S K Tijarawala claimed the trusts are exempted from tax as they are doing charitable activities. The I-T department, in May, has also slapped a notice of Rs 58 crore on the sale of the ayurvedic medicines. The Service Tax department has also demanded Rs 5 crore on 'yog shivirs'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563091", "title": "Activists rescue a dog stabbed with screw driver", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A stray dog bore the brunt of some anti-social persons when it was stabbed its hindquarters. The animal was howling in pain when it was rescued from CTM by a city-based animal help foundation on Sunday. The activists said that the cruelty will result into permanent walking disability for the animal.According to Asha Animal Foundation volunteers, they got a call on Sunday morning about a stray dog in need of help.\"When we reached the spot in Shridharnagar, we were utterly shocked. Somebody had actually stabbed the dog with a screw driver in its upper thigh. The tool was stabbed into the dog's body up to the handle. The dog was limping and crying out in pain. We had to extract the pick and give it sedatives to keep it calm. We are afraid that the injury would damage the rear legs beyond treatment,\" said a volunteer.The volunteers got to know from the local residents that some of the shop owners did not like the fact that the dog sat on their doorstep and might have stabbed it to scare it away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568880", "title": "Partying for a \u2018social networking\u2019 cause!", "text": "The party culture in the Vadodara seems to have come a long way, and Vadodara is witnessing quite a few interesting theme based parties of late.The opening of new lounges like 'Live', along with the already existing ones like 'Offside', is adding a lot of life to the city's evenings. Recently, four youngsters, Zenaymaan, Sahil, Urva and Akanksha, decided to throw a party for their friends and well wishers at 'Live' in Alkapuri.The reason for their happiness? They wanted to celebrate their unique achievement, the successful formation of a social networking site, and promote it among friends.And with Indra J, one of the city's best DJs, taking care of the musical part of the masti , the youngsters had a fantastic evening indeed at this popular lounge in the city. They let their hair down and partied hard till late evening. The dress code (white) and the theme for the evening (goggles in the dark) were the other interesting aspects about the evening, and they surely contributed handsomely in adding to the fun! Once the party was over, the group decided that they will have one similar party at least once every month. We quite like the spirit, indeed!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563880", "title": "Assam Rifles funds used to shower gifts on home ministry officials, Army brass", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nalli silk sarees, cakes and sweets for home ministry officials. A bottle of scotch each for the home secretary and the Army chief. Regular gifts including flowers for the Army brass, Muga sarees for civil dignitaries, first class railway tickets for guests, helicopter rides for the director general, his wife and guests.These were some of the items on which money was spent from the discretionary fund of Assam Rifles, which is essentially meant for the welfare and sundry needs of India's oldest paramilitary force.For the force responsible for guarding the country against northeast insurgency, there is a real tough battle to be fought within. As corruption creeps deep into the system, Assam Rifles (AR) is witnessing many bizarre turns and twists, proposals and contracts.According to hundreds of official documents and many sources, the removal of AR's last director general early this year could well be linked to his efforts to clean up the place. But it is a separate story altogether.Misuse of the discretionary fund controlled by the director general, Assam Rifles, which is meant primarily for the welfare of its personnel and sundry expenses, seems to be an almost daily occurrence.Records of the fund between 2008 and 2010 show a regular pattern: Most of it has been spent on showering officials of the home ministry, senior Army generals, personal guests of AR top brass etc with gifts, food, liquor and other indulgences. A significant amount was spent on hospitality for guests of the DG, including his relatives. They were given train tickets, helicopter rides, visits to Kaziranga National Park and free booze and food.The gravy train ran through most of 2008-10, for which period TOI has documents.On December 4, 2008, 30 boxes of dry fruits at Rs 222 each and 15 boxes at 138 each together cost Rs 8,730. On the same day, AR paid Rs 12,000 to Jass Jewelarts for silver gift items for presentation to MHA officials. The same day, tickets were bought from Meghalaya Helicopter Service for the DG's wife and guests. About a week earlier, on November 27, helicopter tickets were bought for the then DG Lt Gen K S Yadava and his wife.On December 11, just a week later, the discretionary fund was used to buy helicopter tickets for the DG, his wife, his ADC and other guests.Three days later, the discretionary fund was used for entertaining some MHA officials with liquor and food at the liaison office of AR in Delhi.On February 24, 2009, there were at least two different purchases entered, undertaken during the previous Christmas season. First one was a spent of Rs 2,250 at Haldiram sweets in New Delhi for \"purchase of 10 nos assorted chocolate for presentation to MHA officials on the eve of Christmas 2008\". The second was payment at Wengers, Delhi's historic bakery, for \"purchase of 16 (small) plum/fruit cake and 5 large chocolate box for presentation to MHA officials on the eve of Christmas\".On June 8, 2009, the discretionary fund was used to buy two bottles of scotch whisky, costing Rs 4,500, to be presented to the home secretary and the Army chief.In June-July of 2009, thousands of rupees was spent on food and stay of several guests of the DG. This includes mess bill of Rs 21,457 of Vikash Yadav, and an expenditure of Rs 14,820 on the guests including on helicopter tickets. Among the guests were Capt A S Yadav, Mrs S Yadav and Justice Nirmal Yadav.During 2009, the discretionary fund was used to present the Eastern Army Commander on his marriage anniversary (Rs 1,000 on July 16), first class railway ticket between Chandigarh and New Delhi for guests of DG secretariat (Rs 2,535 on July 13), another Rs 10,179 for railway tickets for guests on October 24, gift for DG's wife on her birthday (Rs 1,410), regular gift of cakes to the Army chief and MHA officials. On May 4, 2009, Rs 12,000 from the fund was used to buy two Muga sarees for \"presentation to civil dignitaries\".On September 10, 2010, Rs 4,515 from the discretionary fund was used for buying Nalli silk sarees to be presented to \"civil dignitaries of MHA\".Gifts from defence moneyDec 4, 2008: 30 boxes of dry fruits purchased at Rs 222 each and 15 boxes at 138 each. Total cost Rs 8730. On same day, Rs 12,000 paid to Jass Jewelarts for silver gift items for presentation to MHA officials. Tickets also bought from Meghalaya Helicopter Service for DG's wife and guestsFeb 24, 2009: Rs 2,250 spent at Haldiram Sweets in New Delhi for \"purchase of 10 nos assorted chocolate for presentation to MHA officials on eve of Christmas 2008\". Payment at Wengers for \"purchase of 16 s (small) plum/fruit cake and 5 large sq chocolate box for presentation to MHA officials on the eve of Christmas.\"June 8, 2009: 2 bottles of scotch whiskies bought, costing Rs 4500, to be presented to Union home secretary and Army chief.May 4, 2009: Rs 12,000 spent to buy two Muga sarees for \"presentation to civil dignitaries\".Sept 10, 2010: Rs 4515 used for buying Nalli Silk sarees to be presented to \"civil dignitaries of MHA\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564743", "title": "Homemade sewaiyan complete culinary circle", "text": "LUCKNOW: Home made sweets would dominate the festive sweet dish during Eid, and among them, it is the sewaiyan, which will get prominence.In fact, Eid is incomplete without sewaiyan. And after a month long fasting, Muslims as well as their friends from other religions desperately wait to have a taste of the delectable home made dishes.\"Eid revelry is complete only after one tastes sewaiyan. There are varieties of sweets available nowadays in the market, but Eid means sewaiyan,\" said Mohd Kafeel, a serviceman. Vivek, who makes it a point to visit his friend, Shariq every year on Eid said, \"I miss no chance to visit my friend's house and eat food items on the platter including sewaiyan. It's simply delicious.\"For those who are calorie conscious, sugar-free sweets are available in the markets. Besides, there are special cakes on the occasion. Bakeries are offering gift hampers with 'Eid' message on it. But for many, intake of extra calories just doesn't matter. \"Eid comes just once a year. So why resist the special home made sewaiyan? On Eid, I savour the sewaiyan not once, but many times,\" said Amber, a college goer.With the high demand, even the shopkeepers are doing brisk business. In the markets, three types of sewaiyan, Lakhnavi (mahin), Allahabadi (moti) and Banarasi sewaiyan are available. As per the shopkeepers, the most sold one is the Banarasi despite its high price. Other sweets include kaju ki barfi, ladoos, kesariya barfi, khoye ki mithai and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563370", "title": "When theatres drew the young and old", "text": "CHENNAI: A caged tiger was at home in an artificial jungle around Chitra Theatre, nine horizontal lines representing the nine planets and 27 pentagonal designs for the 27 constellations appeased the heavens from Shanthi Theatre and a towering statue of lord Murugan blessed film-savvy devotees at the entrance of Murugan Theatre.These motley bunch of facts were tossed around in a whirlwind tour of the vanishing theatres on Mount Road, organised as part of the Madras Week on Sunday. Some of the glitzy names of the past have already bit the dust, some giving way to commercial complexes and a few managing to adapt themselves to the changing times.In the summer of 1909, Swami Kannan Vincent arrived in Madras and laid the foundation of the movie business in the South as a supplier of film projectors. A year later, Warwick Major opened the first theatre in Madras in the present Philatelic Bureau on Mount Road, and it was titled Major Warwick Electric theatre. Soon, Gaiety Theatres in 1914 and Wellington in 1917 opened.New Elphinstone Theatre in 1916 was inaugurated by the governor general of Madras and it was one of the first theatres in India to raise funds for the World War I through its shows. It housed the most unusual indoor sport \u2014 a boxing ring where amateurs sparred. When the film bubble burst, it later became Elphinstone Soda fountain, which sold beverages.If you trace the root of multiplex theatres in India, the journey will end in Chennai. In the post independence period, places like Sapphire, Blue Diamond and Emerald - the first of its kind multiplex in India \u2014 drew a large crowd. \"The Blue Diamond ran marathon shows from 9am to 12 midnight. It was the most happening place in old Madras,\" said actor Mohan V Raman, who was the tour guide.In the late 60s, Gaiety and Chitra were the haunt of the rich and famous of Madras. Uniformed bearers from Jaffer's (where Raheja Complex has sprung up) delivered snacks at the theatre. \"Falooda was the food that found buyers and a visit to Gaiety or Chitra meant people had to stop at Jaffer's,\" said a member of the group.The surviving theatre edifices include Casino, which now awaits demolition. It was one of the first to be constructed in an Art Deco style. Shanthi Theatre, which ran to packed houses while screening most of Sivaji Ganesan's hits, is still in business and so is the adjacent theatre with spiraling stairs \u2014 Devi. Devi Theatre was the first in India to have four screens, having seating capacities of 1,300,1,200, 300 and 300.The first superstar of Carnatic music GN Balasubramaniam was charged with causing torrential rains in Madras, which caused a section of wall in Paragon Theatres to collapse on December 5 1946. This tragedy was blamed on the rain-invoking ragas of the maestro that played out during the screening of Rukmangada. GNB acted and lent his voice to the songs in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "15565455", "title": "Medical rep from city held for Nellore bus killings", "text": "NELLORE: Dhulipudi Srinivas alias Vasu alias psycho Srinu, who took the cops of AP, Tamil Nadu and Kerala on a wild goose chase for over three weeks over the Tada bus killings, was finally arrested and produced before the media here on Sunday.District SP B V Ramanakumar said they would seek custody of Srinu after producing him in court. Srinu, a medical representative residing in Kachiguda in Hyderabad, was arrested in Vijayawada around 11 am on Saturday, the SP claimed. Three sleeping passengers \u2014 Ajay Biswas of Odisha and Rambabu and Niranjan of Prakasam district \u2014were killed by Srinu in the wee hours of July 26 near Tada when they were travelling on a Bhadrachalam-Chennai bus. Srinu jumped off the running bus and escaped under the cover of darkness . \"He is an intelligent criminal as he took all the care to escape from murder charges,\" said the SP. The district police took the assistance of TN and Kerala police also in nabbing Srinivas. Srinu, who nursed a grudge against Tada SI Srinivasa Reddy in connection with a case, wanted to teach him a lesson. Accordingly, he reached Vijayawada on July 26 and purchased a surgical blade. He took the blade to a foundry and sharpened it. He took the Chennai-bound bus at Vijayawada . He wore two shirts with a view to changing the dress soon after killing the passengers, a ruse which he thought would work against the SI. He set the alarm on his mobile phone and woke up exactly at around 4 am to execute the murders.Hyderabad: After executing the murders, Srinu jumped off the bus, changed his shirt and reached his room in Hyderabad.Police stumbled upon his threatening SMS to the SI, which he had sent on the night of June 16, that led the investigating teams to crack the case. Police were shocked to find as many as 16 SIM cards with the accused which he is believed to have used to escape the police net for three weeks.A native of a Gannavaram village in East Godavari, Srinivas worked in a pharma company and had, in 2006, got married to a local girl working at a beer bottle recycling unit in Jeedimetla. However, after the birth of a son, the couple developed differences and, in 2009, wife Durga filed a harassment case against Srinu. The Jeedimetla police booked a case under section 498-A of the IPC against Srinu and arrested him. Subsequently, Srinu obtained a divorce from his wife.It was during this period that he became intimate with another girl, this one a native of Munubolu in Nellore district, who had worked with him in Hyderabad four years back. Srinu reportedly lured her into a physical relationship. But after some time, the girl found the relationship an embarrassment as Srinu started taking her nude photos and videos. Unable to tolerate the torture, the girl quit her job and returned to her native place. Srinu followed her to Munubolu and entered into a wordy duel with her parents when they refused to allow him to talk to her. In an attempt to blackmail the girl and parents, Srinu started pasting photographs of the girl on the door of their house. He carried on with the mischief for three to four days leaving the family of the girl traumatized. The family approached the police in December 2010.Srinivasa Reddy, who was the then Munubolu SI, picked up Srinu and thrashed him for his mischief. Srinu was arrested on December 4 and sent to judicial remand. After he came out on bail, Srinu decided to teach the SI a lesson. He used to call up the SI from undisclosed public telephone booths and abuse him in filthy language. Srinivasa Reddy, at present posted in Tada, got an SMS from an unidentified number in which Srinu reportedly threatened that he would see the end of the SI very soon. \"Srinu slayed the unsuspecting bus passengers near Tada as the area falls under Srinivasa Reddy's jurisdiction so that the SI's image would be tarnished,\" a police official said. Police said Srinu used the surgical blade to kill the innocent passengers.Sources said Srinu told the cops that he had decided to kill the bus passengers as part of his revenge plan to get even with the SI. He said the SI was unjust as he slapped a case against him without hearing his version earlier . He said the girl had ditched him without any reason and the SI took sides with the girl's family. Sources said the police had also brought the girl's family for identification of Srinu before producing him before the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15564789", "title": "5L refugees in Assam India\u2019s biggest internal exodus?", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: There are just three people in Salam Choudhury's house. He, his wife of eight years and a little daughter who he says drives him to despair with her tantrums. \"But,\" he adds, forcing a smile on a face that puts him at perhaps 30-35 years, \"We can't think of a single day without her.\" In the third week of July, though, he sent her away for two weeks to a relative's place for safety. \"That killed me,\" he adds, suddenly frowning, as a few others at a refugee camp in Kokrajhar crowd around him to find out if his story is worse than theirs. Then, looking at the men sitting on their haunches nearby, he says knowingly in Bengali, \"Kismote chhilo (It was destined).\"What Choudhury doesn't understand, however, is how so many people materialized almost overnight in refugee protection centres that have popped up all across Assam's three districts hit recently by communal violence-Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri.A little east from there and 10km further ahead, Raju Daimary, also sitting on his haunches, a preferred way of resting in these parts, says the numbers boggled his mind, too. \"It seemed people, like rats, were pouring out of holes. So many of us,\" he sighs.The unprecedented magnitude of displacement-4,85,921, to be precise, by the government's own reckoning-has not only taken people aback, but triggered a host of dark, insidious conspiracy theories. After all, even the post-Godhra riots accounted for only 2,50,000 refugees. The Kandhmahal attacks of 2008 threw 25,000 out of their homes and the anti-Sikh pogrom of 1984 saw 50,000 on the roads. Though 2,000 people were killed in the infamous Nellie massacre of 1983, again in Assam, there are no displacement figures. If the estimate of 5 lakh is indeed correct, we must be staring at one of modern India's biggest refugee situations.\"The large number of inmates in relief camps has been mainly due to panic fleeing by villagers,\" says Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi. \"The past clashes were even bigger in terms of death toll but this time we are seeing, relatively, a greater number of people taking shelter in relief camps. This is because there was a strong sense of insecurity following rumours that triggered the panic. People felt too afraid to stay back at their homes.\" They must be. A staggering 2,86,000 are still in the camps, and it's been a month they are there now.Superintendent of police in Kokrajhar, Sunil Kumar, seems to agree. \"It's possible the numbers are not incorrect,\" he says. \"These are three populous districts we are talking about. Why would anyone want to exaggerate the figures? Even those who were not really hit by the violence directly have piled on in the relief camps - relatives, friends. Maybe they don't want to stay alone.\"Shyamal Dey, a local resident who accompanied a TOI team around on Sunday to the refugee camps, has a theory. \"It's the cellphones,\" he says, pleased at his own conclusion. \"As the first batch of people fled their homes they called up others even as they themselves were running. Soon, everybody was running. Those who wouldn't have been touched by the turmoil left their homes, too, and landed up in the camps.\"But 5 lakh people leaving their dwellings and gathering at the camps is a staggering bit of statistic in itself, something that almost defies logic. That's where the conspiracy theories kick in. \"It's not surprising at all,\" says a local Bodo leader, convinced by what he is about to say but unwilling to be quoted. \"Many more Muslims from Bangladesh who were living here illegally without any papers have made their way to the camps, swelling their numbers. Now they can all say their documents got burnt in the arson. It suits them.\"Many, of course, say that the fear is genuine. \"There hasn't been any alarming rise in illegal influx from Bangladesh in BTAD (Bodo Territorial Autonomous Districts) because if we look at the 2011 census figures, there's isn't any substantial increase in population in these areas,\" says Dr Monirul Hussain, professor of political science and sociology at Gauhati University. \"So, the real reason of conflict is not just influx but other factors like complete Bodo domination in BTAD. Extortion by former militants is a huge problem in these areas and they still haven't surrendered their arms. The Centre, too, is at fault; it never rehabilitated these militants as promised and rather left them to fend for themselves. They have arms but no means to earn, so they start extorting money.\"Whatever the reasons, what everyone agrees on is that the government, both New Delhi and in Guwahati, has to act now, and act quickly. With sporadic attacks being recorded across the country, the fight for land, which is at the heart of the Bodo-Muslim strife, may just turn into a larger struggle for identity and faith. And that's something which scares Salam. \"I don't want another day without my daughter,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563575", "title": "Security agencies flouting rules will face music, cops say", "text": "MUMBAI: Police stations have been asked to conduct background checks of agencies that employ security guards. The circular, issued by joint commissioner of police (administration) Hemant Nagrale, said licences of agencies found violating the rule of checking a person's antecedents will be cancelled and action will be taken.The order was issued following a security guard, Sajjad Mughal (22), allegedly murdering a lawyer, Pallavi Purkayastha, at her Wadala flat, recently. Mughal's arrest has brought to the fore loopholes in the agencies like recruiting security guards without verifying documents and antecedents.Police have been instructed to hold the agencies responsible if any discrepancies are found while appointing the guards. \"The agencies are supposed to get the person's pictures, verify antecedents, address, identity proofs and no-objection and character certificates from the local police,\" said Powai police inspector Yaqoob Mulla.Last week, additional commissioner of police (Central region) Praveen Salunke had asked all police stations in his jurisdiction\u2014from Byculla to Kurla\u2014to check whether recruitment agencies have maintained data of all job applicants. \"Those applying for jobs of domestic help, driver and security guard have to produce a police certificate from their native places. One's antecedents are also to be attached while applying for the job,\" said Salunke.However, ex-IPS officer-turned-lawyer YP Singh said only registered agencies are under police lens. Besides, there is no dedicated prosecution machinery. Though the punishment for flouting rules entails imprisonment up to three months, the violators are often let off with a Rs 500 fine. Further, there are hardly any inspectors to check the enforcement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563372", "title": "2 killed in accidents, one after other, on Bangalore highway", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons were killed in back-to-back road accidents near Sriperumbudur, auto hub of the city.The two accidents happened late Saturday and early Sunday morning within 500 metres of each other on the Chennai-Bangalore Highway.In the first accident, two bikers were rear-ended by a container truck headed to Hyundai factory to load cars. The pillion rider was flung to the left in the impact but the man riding the bike was caught under the wheels.The truck driver, fearing a backlash from the residents of the area, fled the scene, leaving his truck at the spot. Police have indentified the dead man as B Jegajothi, 42, of Somangalam village.He ran a ration shop in Keluthipet and was riding back home on Saturday night with his salesman when the accident happened.A van carrying green chilly from Andhra Pradesh to Koyambedu market rammed a metal-laden lorry ahead of it around 2am on Sunday. The lorry cleaner, riding shotgun, was killed in the accident while the van driver escaped with injuries.A biker was caught under the wheels of a container truck and a lorry cleaner was killed by a van in two different accidents on the Chennai-Bangalore Highway (above picture).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563711", "title": "Kalpakkam plant outage triggers power concern", "text": "CHENNAI: Less than a month after a major grid collapse that plunged northern parts of the country into darkness, a breakdown at the Madras Atomic Power Station (MAPS), Kalpakkam, on Sunday triggered a minor power scarcity scare in the state.Following the outage, which occurred at 1.15am, power supply to the state from the central pool has been stopped. \"Though state is entitled for 330 MW from the central pool, we have been getting only 230 MW. Now that too has been stopped,\" a senior Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) official told TOI. According to officials, it will take at least three days to restore the supply from MAPS.The TNEB official said if the problem continued for more than three days, the state was in for a power crisis. \"In spite of the southwest monsoon being a failure, we are able to handle the situation with wind energy, which was 4,000 MW as on Sunday,\" said the official.However, TNEB officials are wary of banking on wind energy completely.Jaya asks Centre for full outputStepping up her lobbying for Tamil Nadu still grappling with a precarious power situation, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday sent a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding that the state should get the entire 1000MW that will be generated from the first unit of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567678", "title": "Anjana is elated with the response to her films", "text": "This Independence day brought double bonanza for the queen of cinema Bhojpuri Anjana Singh when two of her films were released with success on the box offices. Both are marching ahead on the path to become super hit films.'Ek Bihari Sau Par Bhari' was released in Bihar. This film has Dinesh Lal Yadav Nirahua in the lead role, Anjana Singh, Akshara Singh, Awadhesh Mishra and Sanjay Pandey in prominent roles. Directed by Jagdish Sharma the film has received very good success in Bihar.On this very day 'Dil Le Gayeel Odhaniyawali' too was released in Mumbai and it has got great response. Khesari Lal Yadav is in the lead role and other stars are Shashimohan Singh, Rajnish Jhanji, Jai Singh, Baleshwar Singh and others. Produced by Balajee Cine Vision and directed by Arvind Chaube was a hit film in Bihar where it was released earlier.Anjana Singh attibutes all this to the love of her fans. She expressed happiness that the industry and the public both accepted her warmly and thanked her audience.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15564021", "title": "Fewer people leave for North East on Sunday", "text": "PUNE: The number of people leaving Pune for their hometowns in the northeast further reduced on Sunday, with about 400 people from the northeast boarding the Howrah-bound Azad Hind Express in the evening.While about 2,000 people had left by the train on Thursday, the numbers have been reducing since then. On Friday, about 1,500 people from the northeast boarded the train and the number fell to about 800 on Saturday.On Thursday and Friday, the railway administration had attached two additional coaches to clear the extra rush. On Saturday, just one coach was attached, while the railway administration decided not to attach any additional coach on Sunday.Some of the people from the northeast present at the Pune railway station told TOI that the feeling of insecurity has reduced considerably.Ranoj Pengu of Assam , who boarded the train with six friends, said, \"The panic is a lot lesser now. I am going to meet my parents to tell them that everything is fine. They are worried back home and they will feel better to see me.\"Pengu's friend Prosen Saikia, who was also leaving, said, \"Most of the people who are leaving right now are going just to assure their family members that they are alright. Many will be coming back in a fortnight.\"Six security agency workers from the northeast who have been in Pune for the last five years told TOI that they had taken leave in the backdrop of the attacks and the ensuing panic. They said they would return in a matter of 15 to 20 days.Then there are also those who have decided to stay put in the city despite their family members calling them back. Rajib Taid, a worker with a finance company, said, \"I have told my family that the situation is not worrisome. It is just a panic syndrome and it will reduce in a few days. I told them I have decided to stay on and continue with my work.\"Taid, who had come to drop his friends, said only three people from his group of 10 friends have decided to go to their hometowns in the northeast. \"They are going on behalf of all of us and will inform our families that we are all fine.\"Meanwhile, many students from the northeast who have left the city have study schedules and exam registration on their minds. They hope to return before the registration process starts. \"Mid-term exam registration and other works are scheduled in September. So we should come back before all that,\" said a student, Nahum Kahmei.Kahmei further said, \"If the students are unable to return on time, there should be some concessions for them for registration in exams. The deadline should be extended for them if they miss out the last date for registration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15563206", "title": "Fingers crossed as Jakati plans return from injury", "text": "PANAJI: The future of a spinner is in his own hands, or rather, fingers.Shadab Jakati had reason to fear the worst when his bowling finger snapped during last year's Champions League T20 cricket and worsened after the Indian Premier League (IPL). But timely intervention, excellent care and possibly perfect surgery at the hands of the world's best finger surgeon in Australia has helped the Chennai Super Kings (CSK) allrounder breathe easy.\"My middle finger was badly damaged. There was major damage to the cartilage and the worst thing was that it was my bowling finger,\" Jakati told TOI on his return to Goa from Melbourne on Sunday.Jakati first experienced pain during last year's Champions League. He believed it was a minor irritant until the pain re-occurred during the IPL. Close examination from CSK's Australian physio, Tommy Simsek, suggested an expert hand and, when Jakati was examined in Melbourne by Greg Hoy - whose clients include Ricky Ponting , Harbhajan Singh and Ashish Nehra - it was discovered that there was \"gross destruction of cartilage.\"\"I was experiencing pain during the IPL but since it was a question of just four overs, I was ok with it. But bowling long spells would have been difficult so we decided it was best to go for surgery,\" said Jakati.Jakati spent three weeks in Melbourne but it will be another six weeks before Jakati can get back into the field - for training that is.\"In four weeks, I will be able to do free mobilization exercises and it will be another two weeks before I start bowling again. I should be ready for cricket in October,\" said Jakati, whose medical bill was picked up by CSK.Despite Jakati's understandable eagerness to start bowling again, the CSK allrounder may have to give the Champions League a miss. The T20 tournament will be held in South Africa from October 9 to 28 and it is unlikely that Jakati will win his battle against fitness.\"I think it's 50-50 at the moment,\" he said.Jakati, though, is more eager to regain full fitness at least by late October, just in time for the Ranji Trophy season. Goa start their campaign in the Ranji Trophy early November and the star cricketer does not want to give any of the eight matches a miss.\"I want to play all of the matches. Last year, the injury meant I played just one match but this time around, I want to play each and every game. These games will be hugely competitive and I want to play my part,\" said Jakati.Jakati was in contention for a place in the India 'A' tour of New Zealand. He, almost certainly, will also miss out on the Champions League as well, but the Goan spinner has promised to return.All of Goa, and Chennai, should be waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15569979", "title": "Power production at Madras Atomic Power Station disrupted, to resume by August 23", "text": "CHENNAI: A disruption in the power supply to both the 220 MW units at the Madras Atomic Power Station at Kalpakkam, some 70 km from here, has affected power production at the plant.\"The 230kv switchyard tripped on August 19 at 1.15 am and led to power supply failure. So, the reactors shutdown automatically. So, the power production has stopped,\" MAPS Station Director K Ramamurthy told PTI over phone.MAPS produces eight million units of electricity a day, he said.Asked when the problem would be sorted out, he said, \"We are working on it and hopefully operations should resume in two-three days, maybe by August 22 or 23.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567778", "title": "Sekhar Raja to direct Balakrishna?", "text": "After making his directorial debut with a bilingual socio-fantasy Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara, Sekhar Raja is now working on his next venture. Sources close to the director say that the Sekhar is planning to work with Nandamuri Balakrishna, and has been penning an action script for the same.Sekhar has already worked with Balakrishna in UKUP, in which the actor will be seen in a powerful cameo. Thrilled by the actor's performance, the Krishna Vamsi's protege aspires to direct Balayya in his next venture, for which the script is still in the nascent stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563833", "title": "Serving mankind the noble way", "text": "KANPUR: There are few people for whom \"Serving humanity is the real service of Almighty\". TOI spoke to few of such humanitarians on 'World Humanitarian Day' celebrated on August 19 every year who have achieved some extraordinary motives with ordinary backgrounds.There are few people who contribute a lot to the society without having a degree in Social Work. As according to them, the necessary skills needed to serve mankind is to be equipped with a human touch. One among them is Anita Dua, a social activist who made a remarkable name in rehabilitating the adolescent rape victims.Anita, is like a second mother for girls like Sushila, Rani and Laxmi to name a few. These teenaged rape victims might have lost the battle of life if Anita would not have supported them. These three cases were much hyped in media due to involvement of political powers. There are many such child-rape victims who were and are being rehabilitated by Anita in few years of his social working.For Anita serving the rape-victims is the only motto of her life. According to her people keep humanity in high regard in their principles but have no time to give it a meaning in their own lives nowadays.\"This is not only ruining the moral values in mankind but also depleting the living standards in the society,\" said Anita while talking to TOI.Some similar thoughts were asserted by Sister Girija Sharma, a well known name in the city cardiology hospital according to whom, what needs to help and serve people is to have an attitude like a mother, a care like a sister and most importantly a support like a friend.She went on to add that they sometime even helped the patients with food, clothes and money as well. She elaborated that at times when there is no attendant with the patients, the nurses are the only support to them.Meanwhile, humanity has some other meanings for Manoj and Madhvi Sengar who are well known for launching 'Yug Dadichi Deh Daan Abhiyan' in the city. These social activists are encouraging people to donate bodies to medical college for research work.According to this couple, every human has a part in doing some great task of taking ahead the human race to a dignified and noble place on this planet.\"And this is where we all have to be proud of ourselves and pass this message on to the future generations that we must donate our bodies for research works rather to cremate it to ashes,\" said Manoj Sengar.The list of some great achievers is not confined to these people. Few names, which are worth mentioning in the field of serving the mankind is Manju Bhatia, the middle-aged lady running a old age home for elderly people, a rehabilitation center for women and now also comes in providing jobs to the orphan, needy and poor girls.Apart from this, serving the needy with blood is the other noble cause done by Babulal Sarda, who has organized several blood donations camps and done a lot in motivating the people for donating blood.For all these humanitarians, humanity is not about maintaining a gracious relationships but it is about building bonds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15564400", "title": "Kurta, burkha and firni top shoppers' list", "text": "BELGAUM: The city is geared up for Ramzan festival with Khade Bazar, Khanjar Galii, Bhendi Bazaar and Darbar Galli wearing a festive look.These areas are decked with colourful lights and several foods stalls lined up along the road to sell mouth watering sweets and other delicacies. Shopkeepers selling firni sweets make a hit with customers during this time.Most shopkeepers continue their work duties and have a rousing business. Kurtas and burkhas make exceptionally good business during Ramzan.On an average, nearly 150 kurtas are sold during Ramzan per day which ranges between Rs 300 and Rs 2,000. Similarly, nearly 150 burkhas are sold daily with a price range of Rs 700 to Rs 2,000. For the best hangouts, Khade Bazar, Darbar Galli and Bhendi Bazaar are open almost all night with the entire area buzzing with activity.Shopkeepers Tausiff and Shakeel, who are in the kurta and burkha business, said: \"Two to three days prior to the festival the business is extremely too good. Rich and poor people buy new clothes thereby making the business almost double.\"During Ramzan, Muslims enjoy their favourite sweet - Firni - especially after roza (fasting) and later go for namaz. Sweetshop owners also make the most during the month-long fasting season. Abdul Gani, who has been in this profession for the past 12 years, said: \"Everyday on an average, we sell between 2,000 and 2,500 cups of firni daily. Though each cup costs Rs 10, during the festival the sales figure reach high numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15570045", "title": "Three cricketers reprimanded for Level 1 breaches", "text": "DUBAI: Three cricketers have been reprimanded for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during their teams' quarterfinals in the ICC U-19 Cricket World Cup 2012 in Townsville on Monday.Ehsan Adil of Pakistan and New Zealand's Cam Fletcher and Michael Davidson were found to have breached clause 2.1.1 of the code, which relates to \"breach of the ICC's Clothing and Equipment Regulations during an International Match\".The charge against Ehsan was brought by on-field umpires Richard Illingworth and Enamul Hoque Moni, third umpire Peter Nero and fourth umpire Chris Gaffaney, while on-field umpires Johan Cloete and Ranmore Martinesz charged the two Kiwi cricketers.The three cricketers accepted the Level 1 charge and accepted the sanction proposed by Roshan Mahanama of the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Match Referees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565223", "title": "Downpour lifts dampened spirits, but not water levels in reservoirs", "text": "Mumbaikars woke up to heavy rains and cool temperatures on Sunday morning . But the relief in a season marked with parsimonious showers did not extend to the lakes supplying water to the city.The average rainfall recorded at 8.30am in Santa Cruz was 82.8mm and Colaba 27.4mm. At 8.30pm, the readings were 5.9mm and 1.4mm, respectively. An official from the meteorological department said the morning readings were to be considered in declaring the day as the season's wettest.\"A low pressure area formed in the Bay of Bengal, adjoining the Orissa and West Bengal coasts. This low pressure moved inland and westwards,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast.He said that generally when one observes a low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal, westerly winds over the Konkan get strengthened and intensified. \"That is the reason why the Konkan, including Mumbai, is getting rainfall. We expect this rainy weather to continue for two days, depending on when the low pressure gets dissipated. Over a period of two or three days, it may become weak.\"Meanwhile, one person was killed and three were injured, including a 10-yearold boy, when heavy rains caused a building to collapse in Bhiwandi on Sunday afternoon. The building, Ganesh Bhuvan on Bhiwandi-Kalyan road, was constructed 28 years ago and had 25 flats and a few shops. The police said repairs in a bar on the ground floor led to a crack in a wall on Saturday, leading to residents vacating the building.When the building collapsed, Udesar Paswan (38), was working inside a shop. He died in hospital. Among the injured, the adults received wounds deep enough to require admittance in hospital.Inputs from Pradeep GuptaCivic body plans cloud seeding for SeptemberThe BMC is gearing up for an experiment on cloud seeding in the Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna catchments. A proposal to start the experiment on September 1 will be tabled before the civic standing committee this week. \"We will get our own aircraft and the India Meteorological Department will provide the radar,\" said hydraulic engineer Ramesh Bambale. \"The process will involve sprinkling sodium chloride or silver iodide crystals on clouds to induce precipitation and subsequently rain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15565436", "title": "Now, a device to offer relief from painful headaches", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claimed to have developed a battery-powered device the size and shape of an electric shaver which can treat painful headaches.Researchers from US-based ElectroCore have claimed that the gadget when held against the neck for 90 seconds can reduce the severity of migraine and cluster headache attacks, and even prevent them, the Daily Mail reported. In some patients the device may be as effective as drugs, without any negative side effects. It has also worked for patients who have not responded to drugs, the researchers said.Results of the first trials are expected to show a 50% reduction in symptoms in half of patients. The new device generates electrical signals and is held against the right side of the neck on the skin above the pulse of the carotid artery. A conductive gel is placed on the device to increase its effectiveness.A small wheel is used to adjust the stimulation until moderate muscle-twitching is felt, with that power maintained for 90 seconds. In severe cases, multiple applications may be required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15567972", "title": "Eid Mubarak: Festive fervour grips Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A festive mood on Monday gripped the city as Muslims celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr by offering prayers in mosques, giving alms to the needy and visiting friends and relatives.Marking the end of the fasting month of Ramzan, people dressed in their festive best offered prayers in mosques across the city, including Jama Masjid, Fathepuri Masjid and Hazrat Nizamuddin.The devout gathered at the prominent Jama Masjid and Fatehpuri Masjid in the walled city and listened to sermons of Shahi Imams Syed Ahmed Bukhari and Mufti Muhammed Mukkaram.People greeted each other 'Eid Mubarak' soon after the namaz was over at the mosques this morning and offered food to the poor and needy.They also exchanged gifts and enjoyed special dishes, particularly 'sewayian' made of vermicelli, and different varieties of biryani.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh drove down to Vice President Hamid Ansari's residence here to wish him on the occasion.Members of Muslim community irrespective of their social status held prayers for peace, progress and prosperity.President Pranab Mukherjee, Ansari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh greeted the people on Eid-ul-Fitr, saying the festival signifies fraternity and brotherhood and inspires all to work towards building a peaceful and prosperous society.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit also greeted people on the occasion of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15567004", "title": "Onam celebrations: 'Pookalam' contest in Delhi to mark the festivity", "text": "NEW DELHI: A leading Malayalam newspaper Malayala Manorama on Sunday organised a 'Pookalam' (flower carpet) competition in the national capital as part of its Onam celebrations here.Twenty-six teams in all participated in the event which saw exquisite arrangements signifying the tradition, culture and colours of festivities which Onam brings.\"This is the time when rivers are full, harvest has been cut and feasts with traditional cuisines are prepared,\" said R Prasannan, chief of bureau, The Week.Beautiful circular flower arrangements with Jamandi, Jasmine, Roses and Shatavari (asparagus) adorned the hall and the three-member judges panel deliberated and inspected for long.Showcasing the pattern one of the contestants said his arrangement depicts the \"unity of farmers and Kerala.\"First three winning teams were given Rs 20,000, 15,000 and 10,000 respectively along with the trophies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563055", "title": "The desire to get married drove a youth to steal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The desire to get married, even if it meant stealing, drove this 19-year-old to the wrong side of the law. Dinesh Pasi was arrested for stealing cash and jewellery - a booty worth Rs 21 lakh - from his employer's house. Pasi has told police that after being rejected by his fiancee because of his meagre income, he thought crime was the only way to make quick money.\"I never wanted Rs 21 lakh. I was content with Rs 2 lakh that would have helped me get married to my fiancee and allow me to buy a bike,\" Pasi told investigators on Sunday.Pasi, a domestic help at the residence of Rajiv Chhajer - a resident of Mithakhali - had stolen ornaments worth Rs 20 lakh and Rs 1 lakh in cash from Chhajer's bungalow on August 14 when the family was out. When the Chhajers returned and found that Pasi was missing, they checked their belongings and realized that valuables had been stolen. After a complaint was filed, police tracked Pasi down through electronic surveillance.P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, told TOI that Pasi was brought to the city on Saturday. \"During his initial questioning, he told us that he was not on good terms with his father who did not initiate the process for his wedding,\" Sarvaiya said. \"He also wanted a bike. When nothing worked out, he decided to steal from his employer's house. After stealing, he went to Jaipur by train. When he realized the value of the burgled items, he got scared. He roped in Arjun, his nephew, for help.\"When police started surveillance, they realized that Pasi was going towards Delhi. \"We sent a team beforehand to Delhi and first nabbed Arjun and Vashram, his father,\" said Sarvaiya. \"The duo had started a bus journey when Pasi was aboard a train. We asked them to be in touch with Pasi and nabbed him from Lucknow.\" Investigators said that they have recovered all the ornaments and cash from Pasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15563748", "title": "Akriti, Urmaljeet, Jaideep present best models in an exhibition", "text": "DUGRI: Students of Ram Lal Bhasin Public School displayed their creative skills and knowledge during an exhibition organized at school on Saturday.During the exhibition the students displayed a variety of models ranging from artistic pieces like glass painting, decorative matka, metal embossing, carpet embroidery, pot painting, wall hangers, fabric painting, t-shirt paintings, which they prepared during their workshop classes, to working models on various subjects.The best entries in mathematics were model of abacus, wall clock, geometrical shapes, different angles, roman numerals, integers, ATM-machine. Science models included, jungle scene, water cycle, aquarium, solar cooker, pollution, ray diagrams, laboratory preparation of Hydrogen, and solar system. Models related to environmental science included bird nest, photo frames, shopping mall, disasters and zoo house. Computer models included modern computers, laptops and palmtops.Through this exhibition parents also got a chance to see the talent of their wards in co-curricular activities. Director of the school S Verma and headmistress Tarannum Fatma appreciated the efforts of the students and staff members.BEST ENTRIESWorking models 1: Model of car by Urmaljeet Singh, Jaideep Singh (Class X A) 2: Water level tank by Gurpreet Singh (Class X A) 3: Electric cooler by Lamia Fatma (Class X A) 4: Structure of atom by Mehak Arora (Class VII A) 5: Solar eclipse by Dhrishti (Class VIII A) Non-working models 1: Biogas plant by Akriti Arora (Class X A) 2: Windmill by Rupali Jain (Class X A), Saurav Arora (Class IX A) 3: Ecosystem by Darpanjot Kaur (Class III A) 4: Human ear by Lamia Fatma (Class X A)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563371", "title": "Savera hotel founder Reddy dead at 79", "text": "CHENNAI: The man who was one of the first to introduce luxury hotels in Chennai is no more. Shyama Sundar Reddy, founder of Savera Hotel and Industries died at his residence in Kasturi Rangan Road early Sunday morning. He was 79. He is survived by his wife Jayalakshamma, and sons Vijayakumar Reddy and Ravikumar Reddy.Family sources said his body was kept at Vijayakumar Reddy's house in Kotturpuram, and a funeral procession was taken out to Besant Nagar, where his body was cremated. The industrialist had drifted into a state of unconsciousness due to a dip in the levels of his blood pressure. But, minutes before he lost consciousness, Reddy reportedly gave instructions and worksheets to his secretary D V Rao.\"I have handed over my body to the doctors, but my mind is still working\", were his last words, sources said.Four decades ago, Shyam Sunder Reddy along with his brother Venkata Krishna Reddy and a friend, Rama Raghava Reddy launched the Savera Hotel in 1968. Located at Radhakrishnan Salai, the hotel is one of Chennai's first four star hotels and an integral part of the city's skyline.The name Savera was coined from the names of the founders -- Sa from Shyam, Ve from Venkata Krishna and Ra from Rama. The three partners soon became a family when they married three sisters belonging to Andhra Pradesh.Reddy's early career was associated with a mica mine that he owned in his native place, Gudur in Andhra Pradesh. His inspiration for Savera came during a business trip to Kolkata in the sixties. \"In Kolkata, he stayed at Diamond hotel, which had good rooms, restaurants and a swimming pool. He then decided that he too would provide the same for the business community in Chennai, which at that time did not have such a hotel,\" a close relative said.Today, the group, renamed as Savera Industries Limited, owns several hotels and restaurants across Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Reddy later diversified into granite manufacturing, aqua and food industry when he set up Ruchi pickles (later sold to Cavinkare).\"He was a workaholic, but he understood every employee's needs,\" a source recalled. The group is now being headed by Vijayakumar Reddy who is the managing director of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563408", "title": "Cancer survivor Charlie needs angel", "text": "MUMBAI: Charlie has got a new lease of life. The three-year-old abandoned and abused dog has beaten cancer and the trauma of desertion and is looking forward to life again.Around four months ago, the Spitz mixed breed was luckily spotted on the streets of Parel by a volunteer of the NGO, Save Our Strays (SOS), and taken for a medical examination. \"Charlie had been cruelly abandoned by a pet owner who did not want to spend money on his treatment. We also noticed that his teeth were broken as he had been beaten and abused,'' said Rinky Karmakar of SOS.Rinky, along with SOS founder Shirley Menon, then took Charlie to a veterinarian who diagnosed that the dog was suffering from Venereal Granuloma, or simply cancer in his private parts.The ailing Charlie was given his first shot of chemo-dose at Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (BSPCA) and later administered two more chemo injections at a private clinic , which helped him recover fully.\"Charlie is a very loving pet, and looking very happy in his foster home in Colaba. But, he now needs to be adopted and given a permanent home, for he is very special indeed,'' commented Rinky.Animal lover and a mother of two, Ashish Antia-Mody, told TOI: \"For the time being, Charlie is in my foster care. I am amazed at his positive approach to life despite being cruelly tortured and abandoned by his original master. He is very loving and playful with my kids as well.''She also urged pet owners not to buy expensive foreign breed dogs if they are unable to take care of them in Indian conditions.\"Foreign breeds like Great Danes, Pomeranians, and Dachshunds suffer various health problems in our Indian climate. But, it is cruel to abandon them in the city,'' she added.Those interested in adopting Charlie, can contact SOS on 9821327618.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564286", "title": "Bicycle station to come up at Hi-Tec City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens can expect not just bicycle tracks on city roads in the coming days but also a one-of-a-kind bicycle station that will come up at HiTec City MMTS station in Madhapur by the end of this year. The Hyderabad Metro Rail will develop and fund the project while the Hyderabad bicycling club will maintain it. This two-storied station will have a parking space for 500 bicycles and apart from that it will also have food and beverage counters, washrooms and locker facility for public. Proposed on an area of 1300 sq yards which will be provided by the South Central Railway, this facility will rent out various models of geared and non-geared bicycles to the interested.B V Manohar, chairman, Hyderabad Bicycling Club said, \"This station will cater to three categories of riders. The first one being the working population who will get down at the MMTS station and hire the bicycle to ride it to work and return it after work. The second category will be of those who will come to the area for temporary work and want to hire the bicycle for a few hours. The third category will consist of those who would like to ride the bicycle as a hobby or for fitness in the early hours or late evenings.\" The cost of hiring the bicycles will be very affordable, he added. The total cost of the project is estimated to be about Rs 1.2 crore.Speaking about their involvement on this project, N V S Reddy, managing director, Hyderabad Metro Rail said, \"This is one of our initiatives as part of corporate social responsibility. This project will not only promote bicycling in a big way but also will encourage environment-friendly commuting.One of the reasons for planning this station was that the software and IT crowd are very enthusiastic about cycling to work.\" He informed that they will be involved in setting up of more such bicycle stations in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568910", "title": "Congress has no leader to match the stature of Narendra Modi and Shivraj Singh Chouhan at states: Arun Jaitley", "text": "position in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said that Congress has no leader to match the stature of Narendra Modi in Gujarat and Shivraj Singh Chouhan in Madhya Pradesh.\"We have great leaders in state and they have scripted great success stories in their respective states to make their states as one of the most developed states of the country,\" said Jaitley adding that states ruled by BJP are today one of the most developed states of the country, unlike Congress ruled state where they are making record of scams.Taking a hit at Congress, Jaitley said that leaders in BJP are born at ground level, unlike a particular family in Congress. \"Congress gets their leader from Gandhi family that is why they have only one leader-Rahul Gandhi, but no leaders at state levels,\" said Jaitley adding that Rahul has failed miserably and the Congress has suffered where ever he has gone for promotion of his party.Jaitlye further said that his party is confident of coming back to power in MP and Gujarat and they are also hopeful for Himachal Pradesh. He added that coming back to power for ruling party is not easy and it can be made possible only by wining confidence and trust of people by doing good works. \"A party wins election first time due to lacuna of opposition but to win election for second time party and government has to win the confidence and trust of the people,\" said Jaitley adding they will come to power for third time in MP because of good leadership of Shivraj Singh Chouhan and welfare works done for the people. He continued that MP had no roads and electricity a decade back, after nine years of BJP rule today condition of roads and electricity has improved significantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15565029", "title": "Swine flu back in city, virus kills one", "text": "NASHIK: Mandana Chatona, 42, a resident of Sawarkar Nagar, Satpur, died due to swine flu on Saturday.Chatona is the first H1N1 victim in the city this season. She had been who was admitted to the Employees State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) hospital for cold and fever but was moved to a special cell at Civil Hospital after her condition worsened.\"Considering the condition of the patient, the treatment was started even as her sample was sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV) confirmed the infection,\" Civil Hospital sources said.The sources said there is a second suspected patient also admitted to the special cell. whose condition is now said to be stable although the latter's medical reports are still awaited.\"There has been a death due to swine flu so far while there is another patient who has been admitted to the special cell whose reports are awaited,\" resident medical officer, G I Phad-nis said.The sources further informed that there is one patient admitted in the cell and the reports same were awaited. However, the health of the patient is good they added.While there were no more reported case of swine flu, cases of dengue surfaced in Malegaon with eight positive cases being reported. All eight patients were treated and discharged from hospital. Preventive measures such as fogging have been undertaken by the Malegaon civic body. and other measures have been taken out and the situation is normal.\"All measures have been taken and there is no patient suffering from dengue as of now,\" Hemant Gadhari, in-charge health officer, Malegaon Municipal Corporation, said adding that there was no reason to panic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore/udupi", "code": "15564547", "title": "Eid-ul-Fitr celebrated with religious fervour", "text": "MANGALORE/UDUPI: Muslims in the coastal districts of Karnataka and Kerala celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr on Sunday with traditional fervour and devotion.Thousands thronged masjids in the district to offer Eid prayers, which marked the end of the fasting month of Ramzan. The masjid on Light House Hill, Masjidunnoor in Hampankatta, Taqwa Masjid in Pumpwell, Ibrahim Khaleel Masjid near State Bank and Kachi Memon Masjid in Bunder were overcrowded with devotees.Eid prayers were also held at Central Juma Masjid in Bunder, Salsabeel Masjid in Ullal and Huda Masjid in Thokkottu. Devotees also prayed for communal harmony and welfare of the country on the occasion. They also prayed for the victims of violence in Assam and other parts of the world.Children dressed in new clothes added colour to the celebration. After the prayers people wished and hugged each other.Deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat and police commissioner Seemant Kumar Singh visited Light House Hilll masjid and exchanged greetings with Muslim brethren. They also expressed gratitude to Muslim leaders for promoting peace and harmony during the festivities.Mangalore City Police had beefed up security in and around various masjids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15567346", "title": "Asia's highest-speed data undersea cable system commissioned", "text": "LONDON: A new 7,800 km undersea data cable has opened to traffic in Asia.The high-speed Asia Submarine-cable Express (ASE) transfers data via an optical fibre system at 40 gigabits per second.The ASE connects Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and the Philippine, the BBC reports.According to the report, it is three milliseconds faster than any other cable between Singapore and Tokyo .The route for the new cable was chosen to be as straight as possible, reducing the time to get information from one end to the other to 65 milliseconds.The data transfer capacity of 40Gbps is the equivalent of downloading a high-resolution DVD in about two seconds.The new facility adds to a web of undersea cables in the waters around Japan.These include ones run by Australian operator Telstra International, Taiwan's largest phone operator Chunghwa Telecom, and the global telecommunications service provider Pacnet, based in Singapore and Hong Kong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15569692", "title": "Soon, workout clothes that buzz when you go wrong", "text": "LONDON: Gym-ready clothes that have been designed to improve your performance while exercising are on their way.The goal of the Move project, which is headed by designer Jennifer Darmour, is to make clothing with embedded sensors that can help people improve their technique at Pilates and Ndash - a popular exercise regime that demands precise positioning of the back and abdominal muscles.Each garment contains four stretch-and-flex sensors woven out of conductive fibres embedded in the front, back and sides.Darmour worked with a Pilates instructor to learn where people commonly make mistakes during class - backs collapse, hips jut at the wrong angle and stomach muscles \"dome,\" New Scientist reported.You do a wrong move, the stretch sensors detect the misalignment and small vibrating motors respond with gentle buzzes in the offending area.When the movement is corrected, the same hip receives three approving buzzes.The system also transmits body position data via Bluetooth to your smartphone, and an accompanying app lets users analyse how well they performed their exercises.The software collects information over the entire workout and presents it as animations that can be replayed to understand where you tend to go astray.The fabrics used for the garment are that of standard exercise clothes, and the sensors are woven invisibly into the fabric and seams.The work was presented at the Wearable Technologies conference in San Francisco last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563691", "title": "Mob fury at hospitals after patients die", "text": "KOLKATA: Relatives of patients went berserk at two of the prime city hospitals after the patients died there of alleged medical negligence on Sunday.Trouble broke out at NRS Medical College and Hospital after the death of a young woman. Sanchita Saha of Muchipara was admitted to the hospital on Sunday morning. After delivering a still born baby around 11.30am, Saha died due to complications.When her family was informed, the relatives and others from the locality reached the hospital. \"They ransacked the hospital and gheraoed the hospital authority for hours,\" said sources. They alleged that Saha did not receive proper medical attention and died due to negligence. However, the hospital sources said Saha was brought to the hospital on Friday. \"After examining her, doctors said that the foetus she was carrying was dead and hence advised admission, so that it could be taken out. The family refused to believe that the foetus was dead and took Saha back home,\" said hospital sources.At M R Bangur Hospital, the relatives and friends of an accident victim went on rampage and assaulted the assistant superintendent and ward master of the hospital. They alleged that the hospital authorities didn't even inform them before shifting the body to the morgue.Police said Sibu Chhetri, 32, met with an accident near Wellington crossing on his way home from Sealdah station. He apparently had serious head injuries after a bike dashed him. Sibu, a resident of Garia, was first taken to SSKM Hospital and from there he was shifted to M R Bangur. His family members alleged that the hospital authorities didn't even inform them before shifting the body to the morgue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563090", "title": "BJP slams govt over intelligence failure in detecting Pakistan's hand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting to reports that false messages about violence against people from the northeast had originated in Pakistan, BJP on Sunday attacked the government for what it described as an intelligence failure. Senior leader Yashwant Sinha sought to know why the government had not taken any action despite a statement from Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi that he always suspected a foreign hand in the violence.\"The Assam chief minister said he always felt there is Pakistan's hand in the incidents. A Congress chief minister is saying this, it's clearly an intelligence failure,\" Sinha said.\"It was a social media aggression unleashed by Pakistan and the government could not do anything. Instead, when there was an exodus from so many states, the home minister questioned only the Karnataka chief minister,\" he added. Senior leader L K Advani said the incidents had their roots in illegal migration from Bangladesh which the government had failed miserably to check.BJP's main ally JD(U), however, came down hard on the government for putting the blame on Pakistan to shift focus from the \"inept'' manner in which it handled the case. JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav described as shocking home secretary R K Singh's statement about Pakistan's involvement.\"It was a shocking statement made by home secretary R K Singh that panic stricken Indians from northeast fled Bangalore after reports of attacks on some of them emanated from Pakistan,\" Yadav said.Strongly disapproving of Singh's statement, the JD(U) leader said, \"The statement, I suppose, would have been made with the approval of the government.\" He said the violence in Assam and its fallout in other parts of the country leading to exodus of northeast people had completely exposed the inept handling of the situation by the government.\"It may be that something has erupted from Pakistan but I am sure that the government to cover up its inept handling of situation has taken the name of Pakistan. It is an excuse,\" Yadav said.Accusing the intelligence agencies under the home ministry for \"sleeping\", Yadav said, \"Such an act has not been planned in a day or two but it must have been planned well in advance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564287", "title": "12 dogs found dead", "text": "COIMBATORE: Panic hit residents of Rajeev Gandhi Salai near Ganapathy after 12 dogs were found poisoned in the locality on Sunday afternoon. The residents alleged that somebody had fed the animals mutton curry mixed with poison. Corporation officials were notified and a team arrived at the spot and administered first aid to the victims. Officials conducted a cleaning of the locality when they found mutton curry laced with poison along the road. Police suspect the culprits to be anti-social elements who wished to kill the mongrels so that they could commit burglaries without hindrance.The locals said that six more dogs had died and they had buried them before the officials arrived. Some crows and a hen were also found dead.\"Some more dogs had died and residents buried them. It looks like someone had intended to kill the dogs on purpose,\" said PV Subramanian, DMK councillor from ward no 47, a resident of Rajiv Gandhi Salai.When contacted, M Gunasekaran, councillor for ward no 45 claimed that the issue was being blown out of proportion by some opposition councillors. But he confirmed the incident and claimed that the issue will be taken up with the city corporation and animal activists.\"It seems some pesticide or insecticide with organo phosphorous chemicals were mixed with mutton curry and placed at various spots on the street. We have collected samples of the poisoned mixture,\" said a corporation official who visited the spot.Saravanampatty police were notified about the incident late Sunday night. An initial probe is expected to be conducted. While the corporation has been criticised for the stray dog menace, it plans to construct a kennel for stray mongrels near the Vellalore dump-yard. But nothing concrete has materialised so far after the announcement was made in the corporation budget presented in February 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15564157", "title": "Nagaland BJP wants Centre to stop exodus", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Nagaland state unit of BJP has expressed concern over the exodus of people from the northeast from Bangalore and appealed to the Centre and the concerned state governments to seriously deal with issue immediately.State BJP president Dr M Chuba Ao also called up Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar over the phone and expressed his concerns. The CM assured him that all possible means and measures are being taken to safeguard and protect the NE people in the city.BJP spokesman James Vizo informed that Dr Chuba also called up Karnataka home minister R Ashoka on Saturday, during which the latter reaffirmed that strong action would be taken against those responsible for spreading rumours. He said that security forces are on an alert throughout the city.The Karnataka chief minister and home minister appealed to the people of NE not to panic and urged them not to leave the city, as the government is doing its best to protect them, the BJP release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563080", "title": "Traffic diversions on Eid", "text": "GURGAON: On the occasion of Eid, vehicles will be diverted from just before Rajiv Chowk from Sector 38 through Subhash Chowk, Bakhtawar Chowk to Hero Honda Chowk from the Delhi-side.Traffic coming from Jaipur will also have to follow the diversion from Hero Honda Chowk. This diversion will be in place from 7am-12pm. Around 70,000 devotees are expected to offer namaz at Eidgah mosque near Rajiv Chowk. The worshippers are accommodated in the mosque and expressway. The number of devotees at the mosque seems to be going up every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15562729", "title": "Expert wants PM to review tiger park ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could force Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to intervene in the raging debate on tiger versus tourism, Valmik Thapar, one of the most prominent tigerwallahs, has demanded that the Union government's guidelines restricting tourism in breeding areas of big cats be discussed in the September 5th meet of the National Board of Wild Life (NBWL), which is chaired by the PM and of which Thapar is an expert member.The board - the apex body to oversee wildlife-related issues \u2014 is headed by Singh and has several external experts, besides senior government officials.Thapar's move comes when the ministry had filed its guidelines before the Supreme Court in an ongoing case recommending that tourism business be taken out of the core of tiger reserves, which the law now mandates to be kept inviolate \u2014 free of human presence. The Union environment ministry has recommended a five-year term to phase out business from the breeding areas of tigers and also suggested a 10% tax on revenue of tourist operations around the core areas. The ministry had noted that if tribals and villagers were to be relocated out of the core of tiger reserves to create 'inviolate spaces' for the big cat, tourism could not be allowed to rake in profits out of these forest lands.The ministry's move has got the conservation community divided since several prominent wildlife activists and their relatives too run resorts and tourism operations in and around tiger reserves. Thapar's relatives also run a resort next to Ranthambore Tiger Reserve. Earlier, he was quoted speaking against an absolute ban on tiger tourism, but in his demand to list the issue on the NBWL agenda he has not made any comments on the guidelines.In its last hearing, the SC had put an interim ban on running tourism operations inside the core areas of tiger reserves and asked state governments to respond to the Centre's guidelines. At least three states\u2014 Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Uttarakhand \u2014 that house some of the most popular tiger reserves are set to oppose the Centre's guidelines and hectic lobbying through political networks are on to get the UPA to either withdraw or change its stance in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15563459", "title": "4 owls, 2 baby cobras rescued", "text": "Volunteers of PAWS-Mumbai have rescued four owls and two baby cobras from Andheri, Powai and Bhandup in the past six days. One of the owls, which was being attacked by several crows, was rescued by volunteers of PAWS-Mumbai after a model Natassha Sikka sought their help who noticed the owl's plight.Three more owls in similar situations were also rescued from Powai and Bhandup, and later released in the wild at night. Two baby cobras were also spotted by citizens near Larsen &amp; Toubro at Powai and Bhandup. Forest officials were informed about it.Helplines for PAWS-Mumbai are 9833480388 / 25968314", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15564507", "title": "Tension in Kurnool as Karnataka farmers stop TB water", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed on AP-Karnataka border on Sunday when farmers of the neighbouring state closed sluice gates of Tungabhadra Low Level Canal (LLC) feeding water to Kurnool district. Diverting the water to their part of land, the farmers of Moka village in Karnakata allegedly closed three of six gates of LLC leaving the local farmers of Kurnool fuming.According to source, out of 90 tmc ft (thousand million cubic feet) of water stored in Tungabhadra dam at Hospet, Karnataka released 40 tmc ft and 1300 cusecs (cubic feet per second) on Sunday. However, with the farmers of Karnataka closing the gates, 196 villages and 50,000 acres of agriculture land in AP were deprived of their due share of water. Mantralayam, Emmiganuru, Adoni, and Kodamur are in the LLC ayacut and the farmers of the area have appealed to the state government for help.Expressing his deep anguish over the incident, T G Venkatesh, minister for minor irrigation, who represents Kurnool, said he would speak to the Karnataka minister. He also lamented that the farmers of Karnataka were lifting water from the LLC illegally through various means and said he would talk to the Karnataka officials to put an end to this water diversion row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569614", "title": "Thumri as a musical genre may become extinct: Shubha Mudgal", "text": "Music means rhythm and rhythm gives us joy. Music in different genres celebrates various seasons, describes human moods and often lets us define emotions better in tune than words .'Thumri' is one such genre of semi-classical Indian music, the flavour of which has travelled over the centuries. From the royal courts of the Nawabs of Lucknow in the 19th Century to the premises of an auditorium brimming with music lovers on a rainy day in the present; the melodies of Thumri continue to resonate with life.The recently concluded Thumri Festival 2012 witnessed some of the stalwarts of Hindustani Classical music perform and enthrall listeners in the capital city. This proves that even in an era of remixes, the charm of traditional music can never die.Padma Bhushan Girija Devi, Padma Shri Shubha Mudgal and folk singer Malini Awasthi celebrated Thumri as a genre in all its textures and colours, and put together a show of a lifetime. We had an opportunity to discuss Thumri as a music discipline, its relevance and ways to sustain the form with veteran Shubha Mudgal. She shared her perspective on the future of Indian classical music.Excerpts from the interview:How was it performing at the Thumri Festival 2012 in Delhi? How were the response and turnout like?I was delighted to note that despite it being a weekday, and the sudden downpour to add to it that led to traffic jams on the roads, the auditorium was packed with music lovers, and some very eminent musicians in the audience.Thumri as a form of Indian semi-classical music has popularly been perceived as a romantic articulation of a woman's love for Lord Krishna, for others it is devotional. How do you define Thumri?In many ways, thumri positions itself in a cusp. In modern day categorisation of Indian music, it does not find place among genres and styles of popular music. And yet, orthodox tastes label it 'semi-classical' or 'light-classical' hinting sometimes vaguely at its unworthiness for inclusion among the so-called 'higher' and 'classical' arts. The cuspate identity of the thumri and its allied forms include dadra, hori and kajri. Its association with dance and Kathak in particular makes it perhaps the only existing vocal form in the system of Hindustani classical music to have an interdisciplinary identity. Thumri texts, like Khayal and Dhrupad borrow from the anecdotes and 'Leelas' (episodes) surrounding Krishna and Rama. It is also a form that found patronage among the urban elite, but remains in part, rooted to rural repertoire and textual references.Is Thumri enjoyed most during the monsoon season as believed to be?Thumri can be enjoyed in any season and at any time. There are however some monsoon-specific forms like kajri which again is part of thumri-dadra repertoire.You are someone who has explored genres of music from Pop to Classical. Do you think Thumri as a genre is on the decline in today's age of remixes?It is humanly impossible for any one individual to explore 'all genres' of music. I have had the good fortune to learn about a few. There are not many thumri specialists today, and neither is it a form that finds acceptance with electronic media. So in that sense, it is a genre that may soon become rare or even extinct if not given due attention. However, the audience turnout during the Thumri festival would suggest that we have reason to hope for better times.How far would it be correct to call Thumri as a Pop form of Hindustani Classical?Totally incorrect, inaccurate and rather frivolous. And I apologise if my response offends anyone.Your take on the sudden arrival of Music Reality Shows. You were part of a judging panel in giving India its first ever all-girl band VIVA. How has the trend evolved since then? Are reality shows bringing out genuine singers?There is nothing sudden about the arrival of reality shows. Popstars by Channel V goes back to 2001-2002. Their popularity makes for good business, hence, reality shows and award functions epidemic. I think there is so much talent in India that every show brings out potential singers. However, their musical development is possibly never the main mission of these shows, and sadly therefore, we haven't seen too many winners of reality shows emerging as front ranking singers with large career spans. The occasional odd exception might last out only due to personal conviction and dedication.Who has been your inspiration as a singer?I can name no one single source of inspiration. I feel inspired by many great masters and exponents, even those whom I may have never seen perform live. I am grateful to my parents Jaya and Skand Gupt, for their encouragement and unconditional support, and to my gurus who taught me and included me in their extended families. I have been fortunate to have received their guidance, be it the study of Khayal or Thumri.Words of wisdom for aspiring singers...I can only offer them my very best wishes!ipshita.mitra@indiatimes.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "15563735", "title": "Four fall off train and die in Jalpaiguri", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Four passengers died and nine seriously injured after falling off a train near New Jalpaiguri on Saturday night. Some sources said that there was a clash in a coach but the administration is yet to confirm it.Two bodies were found by the tracks at Belakoba and another two at Falakata, 60 km away. Nine injured persons have been admitted to North Bengal Medical College Hospital. It is alleged that 15 passengers were beaten up and robbed on the train around 9pm. One of the victims complained that RPF were nowhere to be seen during the incident.Residents blocked the tracks at Belakoba station for three hours on Sunday morning demanding better security for passengers. Railway officials are investigating the incident, said area manager Partha Sil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15564742", "title": "Gift of charity is real essence of Eid celebrations", "text": "LUCKNOW: For Yawar Ali, 49, a businessman in old city, Eid is not only about festivities. Giving charity in the form of Zakat-al-fitr is also one of the essence of the festival. Like every year, this Eid too, he ensured that his family makes the obligatory charity so that poor and needy are able to celebrate the festival with same zeal and enthusiasm as other Muslim brethren.\"Zakat is as important as namaz. And it is best if people give donations before Eid namaz,'' he said.A large number of economically well off Muslims give Zakat from their wealth to poor on Eid. The essence of Zakat -- one of the five pillars of Islam -- is to help the poor and needy to achieve their goals. In Islam, it is mandatory for every economically sound person to donate Zakat which comprises 2.5% of their wealth.Muslims do this obligatory charity in a number of ways. Paying Zakat to kith and kin is the best way. The followers of Islam also make donations to madrassas, to religious NGOs and other social organisations. Many also sponsor a child's education or give charity to those seeking medical aid.\"Eid is connoted as a festival of distributing fitra, a form of charity from rich to poor, helping them to celebrate the festival,'' said Imam-e-Eidgah Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahali.Explaining the essence of Zakat, Prof Mohd Muzammil, an educationist, said, \"The idea is that the money should reach the deserving. It is left upon them how they utilise it. We believe that every Muslim who has something to eat today and tomorrow must come forward and do the charity.'' He added that through a small donation, the families of poor get a source of livelihood.Citing his own example, he said, \"Every year before Eid, we visit the neighbourhood where we know who actually is poor, and give alms. The entire give and take process is a clandestine affair. It should not appear that we are giving money for getting publicity,'' said Prof Muzammil. However, this donation cannot be used for constructing buildings.The best time to pay Zakat is on 'chand raat'. \"Most people do Zakat, either in cash or kind on chand raat or before the Eid namaz. The idea is that the wealth should reach the poor in time so that they can use it to celebrate Eid,'' said Mohd Anees, a school teacher.After the last iftar on Sunday, while many Muslims thronged the Aminabad market to do last minute shopping, others visited orphanages, old age homes and social organisations working for poor and needy. \"It gives us joy and satisfaction to help bring smile on someone's face. Giving gifts and new clothes brightens the Eid of poor,'' said Aamir Raza, a student.Besides, the streets of Aminabad were crowded with people who continued shopping till the wee hours. Women , especially young girls, were seen putting 'henna' on the hands and feet and wore colourful bangles.And tomorrow, the traditional Eid greeting, 'Eid Mubarak' will be heard all over. Frequently, it is followed by a formal embrace. Muslims will exchange gifts -- new clothes are part of the tradition -- and it is also common for children to be given small sums of money (Eidi) by their elders.Children will offer 'salam' to parents and adult relatives. After the Eid prayers, Muslims visit the graveyards and pray for the salvation of departed family members. They would also visit neighbours, family members, specially senior relatives (Murubbis), and to get together to share sweets, snacks and special meals including some special dishes that are prepared specifically on Eid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567939", "title": "It was a dream come true: Dileep", "text": "Actor Dileep , who had the honour to be part of an ad campaign along with the legendry Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan , said during a function recently that, \"Indian cinema starts with one name and that's Amitabh Bachchan. And it was a great honour to have done an ad campaign with him. All I had expected was a photo opportunity with him, but luck gave me a chance to feature with him in a video shoot.\"But that's not all. The actor also had the opportunity to be a part of an event with the Bachchan bahu , Aishwarya Rai Bachchan. \"It's also my privilege to be a part of an event with Aishwarya madam, who is also known to be the universal beauty,\" the actor said. Also, praising and conveying his wishes to Aishwarya, he said, \"Luck followed her on the day she was born, in every way.\"Aishwarya Rai Bachchan was in Kochi on Sunday with her daughter Aaradhya for the inauguration of a jewellery showroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15562807", "title": "Crackdown on land encroachers", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority will lodge FIRs against those found encroaching upon land adjacent to villages. In a meeting held with senior officials of various departments of the Authority on Sunday, CEO Sanjeev Saran, directed for strict action to be taken on anybody found encroaching on such land. The CEO also passed directions for development of markets in vacant commercial spaces.The Authority has decided to carry developmental works on such village lands and begin its disbursal to farmers under the 5% developed land quota scheme. \"The Authority will do developmental work on these lands like construction of sewer lines, water supply pipes, electricity transmission lines, etc prior to its disbursal,\" said CME (Civil), AK Goel.The Authority has also decided to take punitive action against those who have already encroached upon such land in a special drive to be conducted soon. Senior police officers have already been informed about this drive.Meanwhile, the planning department of the Authority has been asked by the CEO to prepare a blueprint for development of markets in vacant commercial spaces within residential sectors. Around 15 sectors have been identified for the purpose.\"Work on developing these markets would commence within a week. Commercial schemes for shops will also be launched as soon as the civil works begin,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564787", "title": "Gang of bag lifters busted, juveniles held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A gang of juvenile bag lifters, popularly known as Tyre Puncture Group, was busted and three juveniles were apprehended on Sunday morning. Three gold bars worth around Rs 95 lakh, diamond jewellery and other valuable articles were found on them.The group, involved in at least 20 cases, used to follow a vehicle carrying a big bag, puncture the tyre by throwing something sharp near it and then inform the driver about it. \"One of them would then steal the bag,\" said a senior officer of the South district police.\"In the recent past, several such incidents were reported from various parts of Delhi and NCR. A team of special staff, South district, identified the group,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (South).\"They used to identify a vehicle in which a bag is kept on the side seat of the driver or on the rear seat and the driver is alone. After puncturing the tyre generally at a red light, one of the members would steal the bag while others would divert the attention of the driver on the pretext of helping him,\" said Sharma.Cops have also confiscated 25 live cartridges and a scooty from the juveniles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "filmmaker tony scott committed suicide on sunday by jumping from a bridge in la. the top gun, true romance director was one of the most favourite filmmakers of many bollywood celebrities. celebs remembered the top gun director. minissha lamba", "code": "15569671", "title": "Bollywood mourns the death of Tony Scott", "text": "Filmmaker Tony Scott committed suicide on Sunday by jumping from a bridge in LA. The Top Gun, True Romance director was one of the most favourite filmmakers of many Bollywood celebrities. Celebs remembered the Top Gun director. Minissha Lamba: ?Devastated to hear of Tony Scott passing away! What a filmmaker!! He showed us that substance can be stylish too. Can't imagine that...Sonam Kapoor: This is so sad. He was one of my favourite filmmakers.Karan Johar: RIP Tony Scott... Your true romance with cinema will live on forever.Anubhav Sinha: This is unfair Mr.Tony Scott. But rest in peace sir and remember we feel obliged for what you did to cinema worldwide.Madhur Bhandarkar : Shocked to hear about my favourite 'THE UNSTOPPABLE' Filmmaker Tony Scott's demise... RIP.Neha Dhupia: The loss of yet another film genius. He made action look so pleasant! Tony Scott RIP.Ranvir Shorey: Shocked to read about Tony Scott. The mysteries of the human heart. RIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565098", "title": "Actuarial sciences", "text": "Hindu College, Delhi University , is introducing an addon course in actuarial sciences from the current academic year. A certificate course, it is aimed at enhancing the employability of students in the insurance sector by equipping them with extra skills.Actuarial sciences involve financial and risk management in the insurance sector, including areas like banking, investment , healthcare, etc. To practice as an actuarial scientist in India, one has to be a member of the Institute of Actuaries of India (IAI) and qualify for the various academic programmes.\"The idea behind introducing the programme is to enhance skills and increase employability of students in the insurance sector, which is an emerging industry in India. The industry is growing at present, with a lot of opportunities for aspiring students ,\" says Pradumn kumar, acting principal, Hindu College. The college has collaborated with MetLife Insurance India Ltd to offer the course, which will train students during the internship period. The course has 12 papers including financial economics, statistical methods, financial mathematics, business economics, business awareness models, etc.\"The course prepares students to qualify for the exams conducted by IAI. An actuary is a professional who is right behind the financial strength of an insurance company. The programme will open up a number of employment avenues for students. Also, the qualification for becoming actuaries is the same in India and abroad, which will be an added advantage as aspirants will have options to practice anywhere in the world,\" says Rajesh Relan, managing director, MetLife India.However, with a total number of 30 seats in each batch, students can enroll in two batches \u2014 the first, which started August 16 onwards, the other, which is scheduled to start in January 2013 (last date for registration is December 31).EligibilityThe course is open to students across universities. Eligible candidates should have cleared +2 with at least 85% in mathematics/statistics . Graduates and postgraduates must have a minimum aggregate of 55% in mathematics or statistics, mathematical statistics, econometrics , computer sciences, etc.Course DurationThere is no fixed duration for completion of the course. Students have to clear all the papers before being awarded the certificate. At the end of each semester, the college will conduct its own exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567699", "title": "Vijay and Kajal in Geneva", "text": "Vijay's upcoming film Thuppaki has been garnering a lot attention. The film, which has Kajal Aggarwal in the female lead has garnered lot of attention and has raked up curiosity levels among the audience even before its release. The latest we hear is the lead pair is off to Geneva , Switzerland to can a number. The film's music is by Harris Jayaraj and is directed by A R Murugadoss of Ghajini fame. Kajal, was missing from the audio launch of her film with Suriya, Maattraan, as she was shooting for a Telugu film opposite Junior NTR. Now, the actress will join the sets of Thuppaki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "15563674", "title": "Four KCW girls among PU top-10", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The MA-II fine arts students of Khalsa College for Women, Civil Lines, Ludhiana achieved outstanding results in the exams conducted by Panjab University. The results were declared on Friday.Among the top 10 university positions, four went to KCW students. With 91.2% Leena stood 2nd in the varsity, Divya Narang ranked 4th with 88.6%, Harpreet Kaur stood 8th with 87% and Rajinder Kaur bagged the 9th position with 86.7%.The rest of the MA-II fine arts batch of KCW passed with distinction.\"I am happy to have made my parents and teachers proud with this second university medal,\" said an elated Leena, 26, who resides in Civil Lines. She says her passion for the subject of her study helps her excel in exams. \"I stood first in the varsity in previous exams. And this year, I have submitted the revaluation forms to see if I may beat the first-rank holder,\" says Leena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15563079", "title": "Kingfisher cancels 10 flights to and from Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines cancelled five departing and five arriving flights in the city on Sunday. This is the second time in 10 days that the airline has been forced to call off its flights after a section of its pilots refused to report to work, protesting against the non-payment of salaries.According to officials at the Mumbai airport , five departures were cancelled on Sunday, while eight were called off the day before. Similarly, arriving flights were also affected. Officials said of the five flights delayed on Sunday, three were slated for Delhi and two for Chennai. \"These two sectors were the most affected in the past as well. Ten days ago, when the pilots refused to report to work, same flights were affected,\" an airport official said. \"On Saturday, a flight to Kandla was also cancelled.\"The Kingfisher spokesperson was not available for comment.Airline officials and travel agents told TOI that the number of passengers affected due to the cancellations had thinned down considerably as only a few still booked seats on Kingfisher flights. \"People do not want to take a risk. In case of a last minute cancellation, they would be forced to buy more expensive tickets on other airlines. So, most avoid travelling on the airline,\" an airline official said. \"The airline's flights are operating with less than half its passenger capacity.\"According to the airline pilots, they feel betrayed by the management who had promised to pay their pending salaries since March by August 17, but could not keep its word. This is the fifth time since February that the airline has faced employee protests. After cancellations in February and March, the airline had curtailed its schedule to less than half the original. In Mumbai, Kingfisher now operates 18 flights daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563582", "title": "Delhi-based gang behind oil theft bid at IOC", "text": "JAIPUR: A huge network of an interstate gang led by a Delhi-based man, Gaurav Singhal, is suspected to be behind the Saturday's theft bid at IOC's Mundra-Panipat oil pipeline passing through Veer Bhagwanpura village in Jaipur rural's Chaksu area.Sensing the seriousness of the matter, additional commissioner of police Giriraj Meena visited the spot and held a meeting with the senior IOC officials on Sunday evening. Sources said that 10 members of a gang who were caught red-handed stealing oil from the pipeline in Bassi area last year are likely to be taken on production remand and interrogated in connection with Saturday's theft bid.\"There had been about four cases of thefts at the oil pipelines in Bassi, Jamwaramgarh, Kotputli and Chaksu this year. The modus operandi is exactly the same. We have come to know about the involvement of a Delhi-based notorious criminal who runs a gang specializing in stealing oil from pipelines,\" said a senior police officer.IOC's chief maintenance manager AK Takur told TOI that they had stepped up the vigil along the IOC pipeline.\"As per the standard procedure, two security guards have to walk eight kilometres every day along the pipeline to check any pilferages. Besides, a security supervisor along with two gunmen checks the pipeline in a jeep,\" a senior IOC officer said.The officer said that the security guards and gunmen were asked to keep a special tab on some vulnerable points at the pipeline and check them on a regular basis.Besides, oil pressure measurers in the pipeline are watched from the IOC's control room. \"However, those involved in theft take out oil in such small quantity that the pressure measurers are unable to detect the theft,\" said the officer.Commissioner of police BL Soni said: \"It has come up from time to time that a gang with a huge network of criminals based in Haryana and Gujarat are involved in oil thefts at pipelines. We had unearthed such a gang a few months ago.\"Addl commissioner of police Giriraj Meena said that police and IOC officials discussed ways to prevent cases of oil thefts from the pipeline passing through Jaipur rural areas.\"IOC officials have been asked to beef up security arrangements. We have launched an investigation and hope to arrest members of this gang soon,\" he said.The IOC pipeline passing through Veer Bhagwanpura village in Jaipur rural's Chaksu area was found damaged on Saturday. About 2,000 litres of oil spilled out, creating panic among local residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563633", "title": "Raped once, victims for life", "text": "KOLKATA: Thirteen-year-old Fatima (name changed) loved to go to school. Her only problem was that some men would hang about the road she took and pass lewd remarks every time she passed by. She wept at home and told her parents about it. Her father could take it no more and one day lodged a complaint with Falta police. Their village, Sujagalpur in South 24-Parganas, is less than 40km from Kolkata.Fatima had to pay a heavy price. In January this year, six men - aided by a neighbourhood woman - kidnapped her and took her to Joynagar, some 50km away. For 10 days, they kept her locked in a room and raped her. She was left to die, but somehow escaped and was found staggering about in a daze. Police rescued her and admitted her to a hospital.Her ordeal was to get worse. She tested pregnant and had to undergo an abortion. Those who raped her are now out on bail and mock her almost every day. They shout threats and taunts from the street and once barged into her house and caught her hand just to terrorise her.But even now the 13-year-old is ready to forget the trauma, if only she \"gets a chance to live\". \"My existence is like that of a corpse now,\" she mutters.In 2011, Bengal earned the dubious distinction of topping the country in crimes against women. In Kolkata alone, there were six rapes in April, two in May, three in June and more in July and August. But what about the aftermath of rape? What happens to the victims? Why should it be a life-ending, shameful event for the victim rather than the rapist? The woman and her family are ostracised all their lives. The victim slips quietly into oblivion, sulking, brooding and blaming herself for a crime that took place for no fault of hers.This is what Fatima has to say now. \"I have not left home since January this year. I stopped going to school. I cannot even go to the main entrance of our home. From the other side of the boundary wall, those animals - who are now out on bail - come and threaten to kill me,\" she said, shivering. Her tears have dried, and she stares blankly at a wall for hours, only longing to see the sunlight. Her father is a tormented man who could neither protect his child nor get her justice in spite of his bravest efforts. \"They barged into the house and pulled her by the hand the day they got bail. They are threatening to kill her and all of us,\" he said.Fatima takes her bath in a narrow, covered courtyard that also acts as a verandah, room and bathroom - guarded by other family members. Her younger daughter, a 12-year-old, is also afraid to step out of the house. \"What kind of a society is this, where a girl cannot even go to school?\" her grandmother says, in deep disgust.\"I spent every paisa I had to get justice for my daughter. My small business had to be closed. I took a loan and even sold my five cows. Everything went into her treatment and to pay lawyers for the case,\" her father says. He now works in the fields, and earns barely Rs 100 per day to feed a family of six.\"Fatima had an abortion, and some of the medicines were for her to get back to normal so that she can bear a child some day,\" he says. \"Now, I feel so helpless that I am not sure she can ever get married. Or if my family will survive this crisis.\"In Kolkata, too, the ostracisation is not very different. It takes a lot of courage for a rape victim to go to police, but how does she lead the rest of her life? Nobody wants to know.\"A woman who has been raped is haunted by the nightmare all her life because the society is so insensitive and the government utterly indifferent,\" said a woman, who was raped several years ago while on a tour to another city. She has a high profile job in a big city, but the trauma still stings. \"Whether it is a stranger rape, a date rape, incest or marital rape, or anything in between, at no point should the woman's honour or character be brought to question,\" she says.The society does not bother much about the victim's complaint, she says. \"Her friends desert her, ostracise her, and see her as a dirty, ruined unmarriageable thing. As if it weren't bad enough for her to live with the horror and trauma of the physical violence, she then has to drag herself through life with all this shame and humiliation thrust upon her,\" she says.The victim is branded by the stigma all her life, be it a confident corporate executive in Kolkata or a demure village girl. She is constantly reminded of the trauma.Take the case of the woman who was raped in a car on Park Street some months ago. The entire country may have appreciated her courage and grit, but the fact is that she is out of a job. Her neighbours don't want her to stay in the rented house because it is \"unnecessary hassle\". She has been stopped by complete strangers and even asked at a bus stop: \"Excuse me! Are you the Park Street rape case victim?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15565417", "title": "Pee plan: Urine cocktail can help fight global warming", "text": "LONDON: Human urine can be used to reduce pollution by absorbing greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, a Spanish researcher has said.Researcher Manuel Jimenez Aguilar of the Institute of Agricultural and Fisheries Research and Training of the regional government of Andalusia observed that absorbing large quantities of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases present in cities would require millions of tonnes of some naturally occurring substance.The ocean, the ground, rocks and trees act as carbon drains but are far from places where greenhouses gases are concentrated, so urine can be used as a reactive.\"For every molecule of urea in urine, one mole (a chemical unit used to measure the quantity of a substance ) of ammonium bicarbonate is produced along with one mole of ammonia, which could be used to absorb one mole of atmospheric carbon dioxide,\" he said.To avoid the urine from decomposing, the researcher suggested the possibility of including a small proportion of olive waste water (a black, foul-smelling liquid obtained from spinning the ground olive paste).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568021", "title": "Sanju Weds Geetha sweeps away awards", "text": "The Best music award for the year 2012 from the Radio Mirchi Music awards went to 'Sanju Weds Geetha' whose music was given by Jessy Gift and directed by Nagashekhar. Telugu super star Victory Venkatesh, Radhika Pandit and Yash gave away awards at the function.At the Samsung Galaxy Tab2 and India's Hottest Radio Station Radio Mirchi Music Awards 2012 event held at Hyderabad top South Indian stars - Venkatesh, Dhanush, Nagarjuna, Kushboo, SA Rajukumar, Gangai Amaran,Hamsalekha Radhika Pandit, Yash, Yogaraj Bhat, Nagashekhar, Kaviraj, Pramod, Sharmila Mandre, Kamna Jethmalani, Madhan Karky, Shiva, Drums Sivamani, Pooja Gandhi, Elred Kumar, Aalap Raju, Dharani, GV Prakash Kumar,Thaman were present.Kannada film actress Raagni Dwivedi, Kamna Jethmalani and Vedika were cynosure of all eyes when they performed stage shows during the event. Veteran lyricist and music director Hamsalekha was the Chairman of the Kannada jury. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563083", "title": "2.8L challans issued for traffic violations till July", "text": "GURGAON: The city traffic police issued over 2.8 lakh challans for various offences between January and July 2012. Driving in the wrong lane, school buses violating the directives of the high court and use of tinted glass remained to be the focus of the drive.Starting June, the city traffic police intensified their drive, and issued over 2,000 challans daily compared to an average of 900 challans per day. During the same time last year, a total of 2.3 lakh challans were issued.In 2012 till now, the highest number of challans was issued for wrong parking, followed by driving without seat belt and helmet.The traffic cops issued 45,576 challans for wrong parking, 37,283 for not using seat belt and 37,676 for driving without helmet.A number of challans were also issued for using tinted glass in their vehicles and school buses violating the Punjab and Haryana High Court's directives. Compared to only 9,640 challans issued for driving in the wrong side last year, 24,129 challans were issued this year. Besides, 2,304 challans were issued for taking dangerous u-turn on roads.Implementing the Supreme Court's order prohibiting the use of black film in four-wheelers, the traffic cops issued 7,312 challans for the violation. Only 409 challans were issued till April-end 2012, before the ban came in to existence on May 4.Intensifying the drive against erring school buses for not following traffic rules and violating the high court's directives, as many as 13,013 buses were fined during the first seven months compared to only 500 during the same period last year.To make commuters learn to adhere to road signs, 5,287 drivers were fined for the offence compared to a meagre 80 last year.Less number of challans were issued for violations like drunk driving, under age driving and speeding in 2012 compared 2011, with 5,122 challans issued for drunk driving in 2012 against 7,338 in 2011. Similarly, 522 underage drivers were fined in 2012 compared to 1,183 last year. Despite speeding remaining a major cause of accidents, 13,467 challans were issued for the offence in 2012 while 14,518 were fined in 2011.According to traffic police, their focus remains on challaning drivers for smoking while driving, which has a fine of Rs 100. One can even lose his licence if he's fined thrice for the offence. In the past seven months, 833 offenders have already been fined for this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563446", "title": "UN report lauds state for comprehensive policy for disabled", "text": "JAIPUR: A United Nations report has lauded the state government for formulating a comprehensive state disability policy. In a report titled 'Livelihood opportunities for persons with disabilities', the UN praised the Rajasthan Mission on Skill Development (RMoL) for including special provisions for people with disabilities (PwD).The report released on August 9 has been commissioned by the Planning Commission and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). It said the efforts and interventions taken by the RMoL are unique and can be replicated across the country.\"RMoL, currently, is at a learning stage as far as disability is concerned. With an appropriate blend of political will and the right bureaucratic support, it can become a good innovative model that could be replicated in other states of the country,\" the report noted.The study was undertaken by the UNDP to review the government livelihood schemes and document good practices from various government and non-government agencies in the area of livelihood of PwDs. The report further stated that the state government has taken a comprehensive view of all the aspects of PwDs' employment and livelihood. The government also earned praise for a steady execution of the components mentioned in the programme.\"These are capital-intensive programmes. We have been able to put a proper mechanism to sustain our initiatives and some of these like providing computer education have yielded great results. These modules are at an early stage, but we hope that these will help people with disability lead a better life,\" said Aditi Mehta, additional chief secretary, social justice and empowerment.Rajasthan has been a pioneer state in providing unemployment allowance, pension and allocating seats for the disabled under technician apprenticeship. The pension and unemployment allowances provided are among the highest in the country. It is also among the very few states that have utilized the fund allocated by the National Handicapped Finance Development Corporation and nearly achieved its target of reaching out to beneficiaries.However, the report also pointed out flaws in the execution of certain schemes. For instance, the eligibility criterion for pension to PwDs limits the benefits to only a handful of people. It states that a person with disability who is unable to earn and any of his /her family members aged 20 years and above are also incapable of earning can avail of the government pension of Rs 700 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15568615", "title": "Protests mar Eid celebrations in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Violent protests after congregational prayers on Monday marred Eid-ul-Fitr celebrations in the city as a mob set ablaze a police vehicle and beat up three policemen in Eidgah area.As soon as the Eid prayers concluded at Eidgah in the Old City, hundreds of youth blocked the road and stopped a police vehicle on its way to Soura from Qamarwari and asked the policemen to alight from the vehicle, official sources said.They said the cops were then beaten by the mob but they managed to escape from the spot. Three policemen, including an assistant sub inspector, were injured in the incident.The mob then set ablaze the police vehicle, the sources said.Additional police and paramilitary personnel were rushed to the spot to restore law and order in the area, the sources said.Police had to fire several rounds of tear smoke shells and even fired few aerial shots to disperse the mob, they said.Although officials did not cite any reason for the sudden outbreak of violence in the area, the separatist camp maintained it was a reaction to state government's decision to impose restrictions on Hurriyat Conference chairman Mirwaiz Umer Farooq and other leaders, which prevented them from offering Eid prayers.The state government had on Sunday put the top brass of separatist leadership including Mirwaiz, Syed Ali Shah Geelani and Mohammad Yasin Malik under house arrest as a preventive measure to maintain law and order.Mirwaiz, who addressed the Eid gathering over phone, said, \"If the government wants peace in Kashmir, it needs to resolve the issues by addressing them.\"\"Leaving politics aside, imposing curbs on people and preventing them from discharging their religious duties is interference in our religious matters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15565027", "title": "Centre's revised FDI policy may trigger SAD, BJP face-off in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Centre's revised policy on foreign direct investment (FDI), which seeks to empower the states to decide on entry of global supermarket chains in their territories, is likely to cause differences between the ruling SAD-BJP alliance in Punjab. While BJP is campaigning against FDI, SAD had backtracked after welcoming the move.Now, with the Centre revising its policy to put the ball in the states' court to impose a ban on multinational giants like Walmart and Tesco, the ruling alliance is once again expected to lock horns on the issue.With the younger lot of Akali MLAs showing their inclination for FDI in multibrand retail, the issue is expected to bring to fore not just difference between the alliance partners but the 85-year-old chief minister, Parkash Singh Badal, and his 50-year-old son and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, who is also president of SAD. In December, Sukhbir had written to Union minister for commerce and industries Anand Sharma, welcoming the decision as it would \"benefit millions of farmers and youth in our state\". However, the senior Badal had immediately done a U-turn, saying the party was opposed to it.An Akali MLA, known to be close to junior Badal, said, \"There are pros and cons of FDI, some view it as a threat to the local trader but on the flip side, it will help in setting up much needed infrastructure like cold chains in the state.\" Another party MLA added, \"Allowing FDI will help Punjab's economy and once the new policy is unveiled, we will view it afresh and see if it helps generate employment.\"The change is ringing alarm bells in the BJP. The leader of the party in the alliance, Chunni Lal Bhagat, who had initially claimed, \"who said FDI is not good for the state?\" had later changed his stand in conformity with the party's national stand, saying, \"We will follow our party's stand and oppose FDI. Shiromani Akali Dal has its own agenda and we have our own.\"Significantly, Walmart had opened the country's first three stores in Punjab -- starting from Amritsar, then setting base in Zirakpur before moving on to Jalandhar. It has also opened a distribution centre in the state. More than 500 farmers are directly selling their produce to Walmart, which is picking up the produce directly from the fields.The past one month has seen SAD and BJP squabbling over various policies, including imposition of taxes like professional tax and the property tax. SAD secretary D S Cheema, said, \"As of now, we support our alliance partner's stand to oppose the entry of FDI in multibrand retail. But we will discuss and deliberate on the new policy when it is unveiled by the Centre. At present, the policy threatens to render local traders out of work.\"Chief secretary Rakesh Singh said, \"The state has opposed the policy on FDI, the government being in an alliance with the BJP, which has nationally opposed it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "giving your time and energy to help others and getting rewarded in the process \u2014 that is what volunteering is all about in the 21st century. so, whether it is doing hands-on service with a humanitarian organisation like rotary international for polio or helping disaster victims as a red cross society volunteer, it can be a rewarding experience. the right match can help you pick up new skills, get experience in your area of interest and also make friends and reach out to the community. so, if you are a higher secondary student or college graduate, volunteering can be a winning strategy to give life a new direction. here are some ways in which volunteering can help your career", "code": "15564887", "title": "New roles and skills", "text": "Giving your time and energy to help others and getting rewarded in the process \u2014 that is what volunteering is all about in the 21st century. So, whether it is doing hands-on service with a humanitarian organisation like Rotary International for Polio or helping disaster victims as a Red Cross Society volunteer, it can be a rewarding experience. The right match can help you pick up new skills, get experience in your area of interest and also make friends and reach out to the community. So, if you are a higher secondary student or college graduate, volunteering can be a winning strategy to give life a new direction. Here are some ways in which volunteering can help your career:Boost Career:If you are bogged down by studies, volunteering can be an alternative source of passion that can motivate you to take interest in a particular field. It can offer you the chance to try out a new career without making a long-term commitment.Build new skills:It can allow you to explore new roles and skills you would like to develop that may add value to your CV at a later stage. These may include things like teamwork, communication and problem-solving .Networking:Often, supporting the same cause can help you find new people who have common goals. Volunteering strengthens your ties with the community, broadens your support network &amp; neighbourhood resources.Exposure:Seeing how an organisation runs things, and being exposed to different ways of managing, brainstorming , etc, can provide a fresh way to look at the challenges you may face in your daily life.Team player:A group volunteering opportunity can give you the chance to practice and develop your social skills. Once you have momentum, it's easier to branch out and make more contacts.Lastly, prepare for a job:Maybe the field you have chosen as your career needs experience to get entry. As a volunteer you can learn in an organisation , build relationships, and show the way forward.(The writer chairs Rotary International's Polio Eradication programme in India)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15564305", "title": "3 killed in road mishaps", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons died on Saturday in various road mishaps in Coimbatore.In the first incident, a 75-year-old man died afetr being hit by a speeding bus. Police said, M Chinnaiah of Gandhi Nagar in Sundarapuram was hit by speeding government town bus while he was trying to cross Pollachi main road near Sundarapuram on Saturday night.Chinnaiah sustained severe head injuries and was immediately rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where he died without to responding treatment. Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of Coimbatore city police arrested the government bus driver Chandramohan of Nanjundapuram.In another incident, a 75-year-old woman was killed after a speeding bus hit her. Police said, P Thangammal of MNG Street of the city was hit by a government town bus while she was trying to cross the busy Coimbatore-Sathy road near 100 feet road signal on Saturday afternoon. She was admitted to Ellan Hospital in Gandhipuram where she died without responding to the treatment.Police said, Thangammal had gone to Iyyappan temple at New Siddapudur and was crossing the road after offering prayers at the temple. Police arrested the bus driver J Sivaraj of Maniakarampalayam.In the third incident, a 24-year-old man died after a truck rammed his bike. Police said, V Hari Krishnan of Madukkarai on the outskirts of the city died after a truck rammed his motorcycle at Mettupalayam road on Saturday.Police said, Hari Krishnan was working as sales executive in a private firm and was returning office on his motorcycle. A truck rammed the motorcycle and Krishnan sustained head injuries. He was admitted at Ganga hospital where he died. TIW police registered a case and arrested the truck driver V Saravanan of Nilgiris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15568334", "title": "Fair sex in foul trade", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An increasing number of women are getting hooked into the drug-peddling trade in Bhubaneswar, if their recent arrests are any indication. The police and excise sleuths have rounded up nearly fifteen women on charges of smuggling narcotic drugs and psychotropic substance in the last one and a half years, sources said.The latest arrest came on Sunday when the excise officials arrested two women and seized several sacks of ganja and bhang worth over Rs 10 lakh from their houses in Balipatna area under the commissionerate police. Sources said the women, in their fifties, were into drug peddling since the last three years before they fell in excise trap for the first time.Excise officials on August 10 arrested a woman, identified as Prema Behera and confiscated 46 kg bhang and 52 kg of marijuana from her house in Balakati on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar. Another woman was caught with huge contrabands in Balianta area on the city fringe a week ago. Police arrested Runita Badamajhi, alias Pramila, a close aide of Maoist leader Azad from Salia Sahi area here May 9, 2011 for allegedly smuggling ganja.Excise officials said that many women are venturing into the infamous, yet lucrative profession not by choice, but by compulsion. \"Previous interrogations revealed that the women were forced into the trade by their male peers. While the male members were making most of the deals, the women were being used as shields to mislead police,\" said a senior excise officer.\"The Balianta and Balipatna pockets have become a hub of drug peddlers. During most raids male members were absent,\" Bhubaneswar excise superintendent Harish Nayak told TOI.Lawyers alleged that the excise officials deliberately go soft on male drug smugglers. \"Women accused, though booked under the tough NDPS act, are getting bail easily on leniency ground. Excise officials should catch the real culprits,\" said lawyer Siddharth Das.Chairperson of state commission for women (SCW) Jyoti Panigrahi said the women social activists should spread awareness among women in drug smuggling-prone zones. \"Some women might have committed contraband smuggling purposely. But women should not be utilized by their husbands or other family members for quick earning. They should raise the voice and approach the police or SCW for help,\" Panigrahi said. \"In the past we have seen women taking up cudgels against illegal liquor joints and drug smuggling in slums in Bhubaneswar,\" she said.Inspector of excise intelligence and enforcement bureau (Cuttack), Amarendra Kumar Jena said the department is taking action against those who are engaging women into the trade.Excise officials seized nearly 501 kg brown sugar, 66 kg poppy capsules, 120.5 quintal ganja, 5 kg opium and destroyed 2438801 numbers of hemp plants in Odisha 2011. As many as 218 people were arrested and 211 numbers of cases were registered under the NDPS act last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15563786", "title": "Railways\u2019 red tape derails freight corridor plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cash-strapped railways doesn't seem inclined to lose control over its PSU, Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation (DFCC), which is mandated to execute Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's pet project at an estimated cost of Rs 77,000 crore.Official sources said bureaucratic wrangling is hampering the Corporation's decision-making process. Railways' top brass has refused to elevate DFCC's managing director (MD) to chief managing director (CMD). The promotion would have entailed more autonomy for the PSU's top executive and flexibility in the Corporation's functioning that many view could accelerate the project.Ironically, the state-run transporter has agreed to elevate MDs of its other PSUs such as IRCON and IRCTC to CMDs, but surprisingly made exceptions only for DFCC and IRFC.\"If CMD heads the organization, s/he is free to call Board meeting that can hasten decision making. Also, the elevation has no financial implications,\" said an official.DFCC is already hamstrung by the department of public enterprise's guidelines, which stipulate that there should not be more than two government nominees on its Board. At present, DFCC has three government nominees, but one of them has seized to be a public servant.Despite all odds, the Corporation has expedited the implementation of the project and completed most of the land acquisition for both eastern and western corridors. \"We will commission eastern and western dedicated freight corridors by March, 2017,''said an official.Recently, Japan International Corporation Agency (JICA) has cleared the appraisal of the western corridor's second phase after reviewing work on the 550-km stretch \u2014 ranging from Vadodara to Jawahralal Nehru Port Trust and Rewari to Dadri.JICA is funding the western corridor project from Dadri to JNPT via Rewari-Ajmer-Ahmedabad-Vadodra that extends over 1,500 km.The exclusive corridors will ensure a quantum leap in increasing the railways' transportation capacity by building high-speed and high-capacity dedicated freight corridors. It will also create segregated infrastructure for freight movement that will help railways to concentrate on both freight and passenger business.DFCC has also planned to develop economic zones along corridors on the lines of the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor, coupled with setting up of logistic parks, which can lead to generation of large-scale economic activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15569646", "title": "Mithali Raj to lead Indian eves in ICC Women's World T20", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mithali Raj will lead a 14-member Indian team in the ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament to be held in Sri Lanka from September 26 to October 7.Harmanpreet Kaur will be the deputy to Raj in the mega event, according to a release issued by the BCCI Secretary Sanjay Jagdale on Monday.The All-India Selection Committee (women) picked the squad.India, which is placed in Group A along with England, Australia and Pakistan, will play the Kangaroos in their opening encounter on September 27.The ICC has already announced the schedule of women's warm-up matches to be held on September 22 and 23 in Colombo.The group stage matches will be played in Galle.Squad: Mithali Raj (captain), Harmanpreet Kaur (vice-captain), Sulakshana Naik, Jhulan Goswami, Poonam Raut, Gouhar Sultana, Ekta Bisht, Archana Das, N Niranjana, Mona Meshram, Shubhalaxmi Sharma, Anuja Patil, Roshanara Parvin, Amita Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570246", "title": "Shopping before Eid is an addiction for Adaa Khan", "text": "Adaa Khan who plays Amrit in Amrit Manthan, went for shopping before the auspicious occasion of Eid this weekend.She is a shopaholic and splurged a lot on bangles and a stylish designer sharara. For Adaa, shopping is like a stress-buster and \"a way to recover from the hectic schedule.\"\"I indulge in a lot of shopping before Eid to feel refreshed before I engross myself in working hard again. We are in such a profession that we seldom get time for ourselves. But I shelled out time for the festival and my producer Rajan Shahi is very cooperative. I went out with few friends and shopped till I dropped,\" Adaa laughs.And this Eid was all the more special to the actress because her brother and sister-in-law came all the way from Dubai to celebrate the festival with the actress in Mumbai. \"I gave Eidi to my nephew who is just two-year old. The best memory of Eid is when I was a child. Each and every cousin of mine used to collect Eidi together to celebrate. It was great back then,\" Adaa recalls with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15565038", "title": "Delhi set to give up on kerosene", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first step towards making Delhi Kerosene-free, Delhi government is all set to launch this scheme on Tuesday. The scheme aims to help 3.56 lakh poor families that use kerosene as fuel and help them shift to LPG connection by offering them an LPG cylinder, regulator, two-burner stove, rubber tube and a gas connection. The government aims at achieving its target by December this year.\"The scheme was supposed to be launched on August 18 at the Talkatora Stadium. However, due to unavailability of the stadium it has been deferred and will be launched at Delhi Secretariat now,\" said Dharam Pal, commissioner, food and civil supplies department.On Tuesday, Government will be distributing connections, stoves and other essentials to around 200 BPL card holders. CM Sheila Dikshit had announced the scheme launch in her budget speech, along with the distribution of a cash subsidy of Rs 2,000 for the beneficiary families. However, the cabinet decided to provide materials to the families instead.The scheme aims to prevent blackmarketeering of kerosene in the capital \u2014 sold at 2,350 licensed oil depots under the public distribution system. There are 2.44 lakh BPL cardholders and 1.29 lakh Antyodaya cardholders who are eligible to get a quota of 12.50 litres of kerosene at a rate of Rs 14.83 per litre/ month. Once LPG becomes the cooking fuel of the poor, kerosene depots will be closed and the oil will be made available in the open market at the market price, thereby preventing its misuse.In 2001, 24.7% urban households used kerosene as cooking fuel in the city, while 5.2% used kerosene in 2011. LPG has emerged as a chosen fuel in urban Delhi and in rural areas too, kerosene use has gone down from 9.5% (2001) to 7.7% (2011).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563040", "title": "Body found at IMT Manesar", "text": "GURGAON: A highly-decomposed body was found near the Suzuki Powertrain plant in IMT, Manesar on Sunday. Police suspect the victim died almost a week ago. The body's torso was eaten up by animals and there were worms all over. Tension gripped the area after the locals claimed the victim's clothes were similar to the one Maruti employees wear. Police, however, have denied the same.Identification of the body will be possible only after conducting postmortem. Police suspect the victim might have been killed somewhere else and his body dumped here later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15563422", "title": "Angry residents lock MPEB duty workman in powerhouse", "text": "UJJAIN: Irked with abrupt and frequent power failures in their locality, residents of Kartik Chowk stormed the supplying power-station in the wee hours on Sunday and locked the workman on duty in the office for the day.The residents maintained that the workman at the MPEB station did not attended the calls made by the residents and did not gave any proper reply as to when the power supply will be restored.It all started when the power supply to localities including Kartik Choak, Kahar Wadi, Dani Gate, Pan Dariba and Khayya was snapped at around 5 am. The residents say that they made several phone calls to the power station but no one attended the calls. Enraged, the residents gathered at Kartik Chowk and moved to the Kartik Choak Mela-ground MPEB power house station.Corporater Maya Trivedi said that the power supply was snapped right from 5 am affecting Kartik Choak, Kahar Wadi, Dani Gate, Pan Dariba, Khayya and other localities. \"The resident enquired at the station but got no proper reply as to when the power supply is likely to be restored,\" she said.The mob stormed the station and sought to know the cause for the power failure. Failing to get any response, the locked the office and also staged a protest within the premises raising slogans.It was only after a senior official of MPEB arrived and talked to the residents, that the lock was opened and the government employee was released. The official informed the residents that it being a holiday, some additional time would be required to find out the fault in the supply and repair it.Prashant Sharma and Shirish Raj Purohit, residents of Danigate, said that the area was suffering from frequent power cuts. \"In the name of maintenance, power supply to the localities is snapped any day and at any time without any prior intimation. Refusal of MPEB to give any proper reply further makes things worst,\" he said.City executive engineer A H Shekh came and inspected the area of fault.Sources said that the transformers in the locality were worn out and due to excess load on the transformers, the power failure has become a common thing in the localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565425", "title": "From NE to Bengaluru, with music of peace", "text": "They came to Bangalore undeterred by the fact that their own ilk was leaving the city in droves. For they knew that their music had a message of harmony, love and peace and be a balm for the troubled times.The first performance of the Independent Church of India's central choir outside the northeast may not have been perfectly timed, keeping the recent incidents in mind, but the choir decided to go ahead shrugging off security concerns.\"We are not afraid of staying in Bangalore though many of our brothers and sisters have left the city scared for their lives,\" said Rev Jothanghrim Joute, youth coordinator for the choir. \"Though we look like foreigners because of our Mongoloid features, we are very march a part of India. We bring the message of love and pray for peace and harmony to prevail in Bangalore and different parts of the country marred by communal tensions,\" he said.The choir comprises members mostly Mizo Hmar tribals from Churachandpur district in Manipur. Hundreds attended the show by the Manipuri choir at Richmond Town's Methodist Church, which was highlighted by an extraordinary performance on Sunday evening. While the group of 25, accompanied by their conductor, sang church songs and hymns praising the Lord, their performance was infused with vibrant rock, jazz and blues influences that had the audience in thrall.The choir, which has 12 albums to their credit, sang a set list of 20 songs, consisting of hits like Hallelujah, The Lord's Prayer, Longing for heaven and The Glory of the Lord, in English, and local North Eastern languages like Hmar and Dulian. \"Amidst the prevailing tensions, the choir arrived at the right time to rejoice life. We all are children of God and we celebrate our oneness with the music,\" said Pastor Jonathan Bangera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15563964", "title": "NRIs to set up IT park in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Pravasi Investment Consortium &amp; Equity Holding Ltd (Prince Holding), a Dubai-based consortium of non-resident Indians (NRIs), will set up a business park for IT and IT enabled services (ITES) in Kochi with an investment of over Rs 2,000 crore, said Sebastian Joseph, chairman of the consortium.\"We have visited a couple of sites near Kochi and yet to choose one,\" Joseph said to reporters in Kochi on Friday. \"Ours is a group of professionals like engineers, doctors and chartered accountants working in different parts of the globe,\" he noted. He is a chartered accountant by qualification and currently serving as chief financial officer and chief operating officer in the office of the ruler of Abu Dhabi, one of the emirates of the United Arab Emirates (UAE).The project, planned to be developed in a campus of over 100 acres, will have a special business zone, a centre for excellence in advanced technology and innovation, international financial centre, and education zone. Its hospitality zone will comprise of clubs, spas and service apartments.There will also be a health care zone, NRI facilitation centre, shared facilities zone consisting of sports academy, retail strip mall, multiplex, food courts, library and a residential zone with villas, row houses and apartments. The whole project would create 20,000 jobs, Joseph said. Prince Holding is banking on the expectation that 3 lakh NRIs will return to India over the next five years. \"Kerala is a very preferred destination as the majority of the returning NRIs is from Kerala.Prince Holding has decided to set up the first project in Kerala and we are here to finalize with various governmental authorities and execution partners on how to take this forward,\" Joseph said.Roughly 350 to 500 NRIs will invest in the project. \"After successful conclusion of various tie-ups and putting the project on track, we intend to replicate the same model in other major south Indian cities,\" Joseph revealed. \"Our attempt is to establish an eco-system to enable the integration of global advanced technologies. The combined experience, expertise and resources of the global Indian diaspora will facilitate the development, transfer and commercialization of technology,\" Joseph said.He also claimed that the collective investment by NRI professionals is first of its kind in the country. Lead consultants and planners of the project are Ernst &amp; Young and Burt Hill Stantec.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15564394", "title": "No plans to build road to Amarnath: J&K; govt", "text": "SRINAGAR: Denying any plans to construct a road to the Amarnath shrine, the Jammu &amp; Kashmir government on Sunday said the high-powered committee, set up by the SC, had not yet given its recommendation on the matter.\"The state government has no plans to make a road to the Amarnath cave shrine. The pilgrims will continue to use ponies and palanquins for the journey,\" finance minister Abdul Rahim Rather said.He rubbished media reports which said the apex court had directed the state government to construct a road to the shrine before snowfall this winter.\"The SC has passed no such direction and the state government has issued no order for construction of the road,\" the minister said.On August 13, the SC had asked the government to finish construction of roads and widening of passage to the Amarnath shrine before snowfall. Rather said some leaders and civil society groups had started issuing statements about the issue, leading to an impression that the government was going to construct a road in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563166", "title": "Cancer capital of India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A comprehensive ban on gutkha across the state from September 11 declared by the CM Narendra Modi might just be the panacea Ahmedabad needed to safeguard its youth from the jaws of death. Ahmedabad is the capital of oral cancers caused by tobacco consumption in India. Against the average prevalence of 40 per cent tobacco-related cancers (TRC) in India, the prevalence of TRC is Ahmedabad urban and rural population is a staggering 55 per cent, revealed figures.This is primarily because of easy availability and high consumption of gutkha and other related products in Gujarat which have hooked not only young men but also women and school going children. In fact, it is common to find children with stained teeth studying in primary schools in Gujarat villages. By the time, they reach 9th or 10{+t}{+h} standard, many of them are unable to open their mouths properly due to pre-cancerous conditions setting in.\"Studies have revealed that most of the people with oral cancers started consuming gutkha when they were aged 15 years or below. Gutkha has emerged to be the single most dangerous substance of death which is freely available in the market at highly economical price. It is a cheap means to induce death in the youth\", said Dr Parimal Jivrajani, associate professor and head of the department of community oncology and medical record at Gujarat Cancer Research Institute (GCRI).Dr Jivrajani said that he has come across cases where students as young as eight years were addicted to gutkha and tobacco chewing. The menace of gutkha addiction is higher in rural areas where women as well as children are addicted to it.It needs mention that the gutkha ban will be implemented under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006. It will be enforced at a time when the state is celebrating 2012 as Yuva Varsh as part of the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. Modi chose September 11 as the date to bring in the regulation as it was on this day, in 1893, that Swami Vivekananda had delivered his famous address to the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago.Director of GCRI Dr Shilin Shukla said that 17 per cent women are addicted to gutkha and other forms of tobacco in the state while the number of men is 55-60 per cent. \"Gutkha ban has come at a critical juncture as there was a dire need to protect the youth from falling prey to gutkha addiction and resultant oral cancers\", said Dr Shukla.BOXPOPULATION BASED CANCER REGISTRYAHMEDABAD URBAN - 2009Number (#) and percentage (%) of Tobacco Related Cancers (T.R.C.) by genderSITE - TRCMALEFEMALE#% to total cancers#% to total cancersLIP140.6220.11TONGUE 25611.31543.1MOUTH37116.39623.56TONSIL401.7770.4OROPHARYNX180.850.29HYPOPHARYNX883.89211.2PHARYNX341.580.46OESOPHAGUS1124.95774.42LARYNX833.67100.57LUNG1838.09522.98URINARY BLADDER492.17140.8TOBACCO RELATED CANCERS124855.1531217.9TOTAL CANCERS22631001743100RURAL CANCER REGISTRY - AHMEDABAD DISTRICTAHMEDABAD RURAL - 2009Number (#) and percentage (%) of Tobacco Related Cancers (T.R.C.) by genderSITE - TRCMALEFEMALE#% to total cancers#% to total cancersLIP30.6520.54TONGUE6714.57143.75MOUTH5010.87195.09TONSIL122.6120.54OROPHARYNX61.3061.61HYPOPHARYNX224.7841.07PHARYNX71.5241.07OESOPHAGUS183.9192.41LARYNX173.7010.27LUNG449.57133.49URINARY BLADDER81.7400.00TOBACCO RELATED CANCERS25355.007419.84TOTAL CANCERS460100373100", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15568000", "title": "Dulquer Salmaan is 'Son of Alexander'?", "text": "The sequel to Mammootty's 90s hit Samrajyam has already built enough hype in Mollywood with several leading stars in the running to play the lead. The latest buzz online is that the megastar's son Dulquer Salmaan has been roped in after Prithviraj dropped out due to scheduling conflicts.The hype is quite understandable especially with the sequel having the son of Mammootty's character playing the lead. Dulquer's casting would add more flair to the drama.However, quashing all rumours, its producer Ajmal Hassan says, \"We are yet to finalise who will be playing the lead as director Perarasu has a lot of demands from the actor, the main one being that he should allot 100 days exclusively for the project. We are extremely confident about the script and as it's a sequel to Samrajyam , there's a lot of expectations from the project, so we don't want to make any sacrifices in this regard.\"Despite the producer saying his team is holding discussions with stars Prithviraj, Dulquer, Arya, Asif Ali, Unni Mukundan and Fahadh Faasil for the role, Mammootty's aide George S, who also handles the star kid's schedule, informs, \"Dulquer is not in talks for the Samrajyam's sequel and had confirmed earlier that he wouldn't be doing the project. After Teevram , he has signed up for Martin Prakkat's film that will start shooting in September.\"Dulquer also has another project with Priyadarshan-Mohanlal this year and his Samir Tahir flick is scheduled to go on floors by January 2013. This would leave little room for Dulquer to be part of the project anyway.Our sources also tell us that the sequels of yesteryear hits have always generated huge initial openings in Mollywood and so the team is keen on roping in an actor with star value to cash in on that. \"This only leaves out Prithviraj from the list as the other actors are only appeal to a niche audience,\" they say.However, Prithviraj has enough in his plate already with Kamal's Celluloid , Rosshan Andrrews' Mumbai Police and Yash Raj's Aurangzeb scheduled to go on floors this year and will have to bend over backwards to accommodate dates for Perarasu's action flick.With the producers claiming that they will announce the name by next month end, it would be interesting to see who would be cast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15565031", "title": "RR says police's good work being overlooked", "text": "NASHIK: Home minister R R Patil came down heavily on opposition parties for politicizing the issue of intelligence, saying that the good work of the police was often overlooked, while one bad incident was termed as intelligence failure.\"With the help of intelligence, our police have seized AK-47 rifles, 26 kg RDX from Aurangabad and even arrested terrorists. However, such things are never registered, but one bad incident becomes an issue of intelligence failure,\" Patil said on Sunday.The minister reviewed the law &amp; order situation in the city. He told the media after the review meeting, that it was the first time in the history of the Nashik Police commissionerate that the detection rate had risen by 10%, while the number of crimes registered until August 18 were down by 516, compared to the numbers until the same day last year.He appreciated the preventive measures being adopted by the police to keep the crime rate in control.Patil said that the exodus of Assamese people from the city was not due to the feeling of a threat, but because of the concern their relatives in their hometowns had about them.On action being taken against the culprits in the case of the attack on Mumbai police and journalists, he minister said that the police had photographs and footage of the incidents, on the basis of which they were making arrests. While action is being taken on those involved in the attacks, care is being taken to ensure that innocent people are not dragged in.On the protest march being organized by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena next week, he said such agitations were being held only to add to the pressure on police, when they were busy ensuring law &amp; order for the upcoming festive season.Patil also said fake, doctored clips were being circulated on social networking sites to create a rift among people. \"Social networking sites are being misused. Bodies of people killed in China are being shown as bodies of people in Assam. People killed in earthquakes are being shown, while the riots of Gujarat are being shown as riots in Assam. The Centre has also announced that such doctored CDs and information has come from Pakistan , only to divide the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15564173", "title": "\u2018Quit notice\u2019 against Bodos draws criticism", "text": "SILCHAR: Two Muslim organizations including All Assam Imam Parishad (AAIP) and Muslim Youth Students Association (MYSA) which issued an \"ultimatum\" to the Bodos living in Barak Valley districts to \"leave the valley within August 25 or face consequences,\" have drawn sharp criticism from various quarters and even from within the organizations.AAIP Karimganj district committee president Moulana Abdul Warish said the statement made by the working president of the organization, Abdul Basit, against the Bodos was not that of AAIP. The issue was never discussed in the executive committee of AAIP and no one authorized the functionary to talk to the media on the subject. Therefore, Basit has been expelled from the organization, he said.Warish added they are going to address the situation and condition of Muslims in lower Assam areas, including BTAD, in a democratic manner. No such \"ultimatum\" has been issued against the Bodos living here, he said. However, the \"fatwa\" pronounced by a section of functionaries of AAIP and MYSA at a press conference at Asimganj in Karimganj district on Friday created a sense of fear among the small populace of Bodos living in Barak Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15569666", "title": "State govt nudges SCCL to launch medical college in Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: As pressure is building up on Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) to host a new medical college in Telangana region, the centre-state-owned coal mining company has reluctantly began to explore the option while rolling out the process of upgrading its network hospitals to super-specialty status. Sources said the stakeholders including representatives of SCCL and government officials would consult high-powered committee on the issue.The sources said the SCCL was in collaboration of Nizam Institute of Medical Sciences (NIMS) for upgrading the hospitals and had sought an expert opinion from the premier medical institute on launching a medical college.Confirming the developments, Justice Padmanbha Rao, chairman of the high-powered committee on establishing new medical colleges in the state, said the stakeholders would dwell upon the pros and cons of the proposal. \"The government is in favour of SCCL running a medical college as it feels it would be a great service done to Telangana region. However, the SCCL has to study the proposition as it would be distraction from its core business of coal mining. When they meet us, the deliberations would be centered on these aspects,\" he told TOI.Crying foul over the Telangana getting a 'raw deal' in the number of government medical colleges compared to the other two regions- of 14 government medical colleges in the state four are in Telangana-, the TRS had zeroed in on the centre-state owned Singareni Collieries as the 'ideal outfit' run medical college for the region. And being at the receiving end, the state government too is said to be not averse to such an idea.\"We have already sent a proposal to SCCL and the government is willing to issue 'essentiality certificate' once they apply for the new medical college,\" said Ratna Kishore, principal secretary health.Although a coal company, SCCL, with strength of nearly 30,000 employees, is running seven well equipped hospitals in Telangana including one in Kothagudem in Khammam district. Under pressure from the TRS, whose former MP B Vinod Kumar has already written to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy seeking to consider Singareni as the location of the new medical college, the state is said to be seriously considering the option.What is building the case in favour of Singareni is of the 35 applications of expression of intent that the high-powered committee has received so far for starting a new medical college, few of them is said to posses the eligibility criteria. August 30 is the last date for filing applications (expression of intent) and the authorities want SCCL to come forward as it 'fits the bill'.As per the rules laid down by the high-powered committee headed by Justice I Panduranga Rao, an institute intending to start a medical college must have a hospital with not less than 300 beds and should be in service at least for five years. While a healthy financial status is expected, the institute must have at least 20 acres of land in its possession. As Dr Vasant Prasad puts it, SCCL fits the bill as it fulfills all the criteria as it is also sitting on a cash reserve of Rs 2,000 crore.However, the authorities of SCCL say that it is a coal company and that the hospitals exist to cater to the large number of employees. \"At present the priority is to upgrade the hospitals which we have already taken up. As far as hosting a new medical college we have yet to take a call,\" Sutirtha Bhattacharya, chairman and managing director of SCCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15565394", "title": "Kiwis happy not to face VVS Laxman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sunday morning seemed to be a very bright day for the visiting New Zealand side as they woke up to the news that India's mainstay batsman VVS Laxman was retiring with 'immediate effect'.There seemed to be a buzz in the Kiwi camp and their star opener Brendon McCullum made it clear that they were elated.\"The fact that we won't have to contend with Laxman in the middle has breathed new life into the side. The bowlers were lifted up by the news of his retirement and there was a spring in their steps in the morning,\" McCullum said with a broad grin on his face.\"Laxman is a phenomenal player. When we are in India last time, we had an opportunity to win a Test but Laxman and Harbhajan saved that match for India. We are lucky that he (Laxman) won't be there this time around,\" he added.McCullum also pointed out the India were made poor by the retirements of Laxman and Rahul Dravid . \"Any team without the likes of Laxman or Dravid will be weakened as they will lack their experience. They have done so well for so long that one cannot question their credentials. They were immensely talented cricketers and very committed and passionate about the game. They took great pride in playing the game the gentleman's way,\" he added.New Zealand captain Ross Taylor was also conscious of the fact that the Indian batting line-up will miss two of its best players - Dravid and Laxman.\"Well, they obviously can't be replaced but the Indian team lineup is still good. This Indian batting lineup should be good enough to pose a major threat to any bowling attack given the exciting talent it has,\" he remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15564535", "title": "Phase II: Barapullah road to reach INA Market", "text": "NEW DELHI: The soon-to-commence second phase of the Barapullah elevated corridor will involve construction of six additional loops linking Ashram, INA Market, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and DND Flyway, said officials. While the work is expected to start early next year, structural drawings and tender documents are being prepared for the Rs 530-crore project.The current Barapullah corridor will now be extended till INA Market on Aurobindo Marg, part of which will be elevated and will then merge into the surface level on Aurobindo Marg. It will be possible to enter and exit the elevated road from INA market side through the Aurobindo road carriageway from Sarojini Nagar towards AIIMS. An elevated loop will provide commuters access to the opposite carriageway on Aurobindo Marg while exiting. This loop will cater to traffic bound for Safdarjung airport and Sarojini Nagar, said officials.This will help commuters coming from Sarai Kale Khan as well as Lodhi Road to zip to AIIMS, INA Market and Sarojini Nagar, bypassing the Ring Road snarl.There will also be several links in the middle of the elevated stretch. One of the loops will provide access to the elevated road from Thyagaraj Stadium for those travelling towards Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and Sarai Kale Khan. Two new loops will descend towards Lala Lajpat Rai Marg. While one will provide access to Lodhi Road over Silver Oak Park for those coming from Sarai Kale Khan side and going towards CGO complex, the other will cater to those going towards Sanchar Bhawan.These loops are expected to enhance use of the corridor, which caters primarily to point-to-point traffic between Sarai Kale Khan and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.\"The elevated road will also be linked to Ashram and DND Flyway via loops. A service road for buses moving from Ring Road to Sarai Kale Khan will help decongest traffic on Ring Road,\" said a senior PWD official associated with the project.While there will be a loop from the elevated road descending towards Ring Road near Ashram and DND for those coming from Sarai Kale Khan side, a second loop will ascend from Ashram to Barapullah. \"The narrow road near Siddharth Exclave will be widened and buses will be diverted to this road to reach Barapullah,\" said the official.A service road will run underneath the elevated portion to be built in phase II and will link Bhishma Pitamah Marg. PWD will also build two bus stops on the elevated road to cater to the Nizamuddin railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570416", "title": "Eijaz Khan's good deed!", "text": "Recently actor Eijaz Khan was returning from a friend's birthday party along with his girlfriend Natalie Di Luccio when he saw a foreigner lying on the corner of the road with bruises all over. They stepped out of the car to help him. As they went close to him, they found that he was robbed and was lying in a semi-unconscious state .Eijaz decided to help him and took him to the Bhabha Hospital in Bandra. \"After searching, I found a diary with him which had all the contact numbers. I called up his wife and son in Scotland and informed them immediately,\" says Eijaz.The hospital authorities were very cooperative and so was the police. According to an eyewitness, Eijaz like a perfect citizen performed his duty and quietly left the hospital. Well hope Eijaz like you thought of stepping out of the car and helping a stranger especially a foreigner, others also think the same way rather than just being a passerby who watch a victim on the road and do nothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15563402", "title": "13 clinical trial deaths in state private hospitals in 4 years", "text": "INDORE: Until now, role of only the government doctors was under the scanner for their alleged involvement in drug trial on poor patients. Even doctors working in private hospitals are not stranger to this practice.Out of 26 deaths reported in Madhya Pradesh, 13 deaths had occurred in different private hospitals of Indore and Bhopal between 2008 and January 2012. Of 13 deaths 1 was reported from Bhopal. A maximum of 268 deaths were reported in Maharashtra followed by 153 in Andhra Pradesh, which occurred during clinical trials in the country. The data has been released by the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) in response to the chief information commissioner (CIC) orders to furnish information to the RTI applicant Dr Anand Rai of Indore. As per the DCGI data, 1,010 deaths took place from 2008 till January 2012.Of total deaths, 13 occurred in private hospitals alone like Aurbindo Institute of Medical Sciences, CHL Hospital, Dr Mehta Allergy and Asthma Care and Research Centre, Gyanpushp Research Centre for Chest and Allergy, Dr Ashok Sethia Clinic of the city and in Global Liver and Gastroenterology in Bhopal.Apart from private hospitals, deaths were reported in Cancer Hospital and Research Institute, Gwalior, the Jawahar Lal Nehru Cancer Hospital and Research Centre and MGM Medical College and MY Hospital. As per the data, maximum 191 deaths had occurred due to Rivaroxaban drug sponsored by Bayer followed by 175 Enoxiparin sponsored by Sanofi Aventis.Meanwhile, a complaint has been lodged before CIC against DCGI officials for providing incomplete information related to deaths occurred during the trials conducted in the country. Of 2,061 deaths since 2008, the DCGI has furnished details of 1,603 deaths in various hospitals in the country.\"I have put up complaint with CIC as incomplete information has been provided. Even out of 1,603 deaths, details of investigators, trial sites and sponsor of 593 cases were not provided by the DCGI,\" said complainant Dr Rai.The DCGI has not maintained data of 2008 and 2009, he said.CIC in July had ordered DCGI to provide information on clinical trial sites and hospital names where deaths were reported in the country, including Madhya Pradesh. While hearing the second appeal on the clinical trial row in July this year, the information commissioner stated that the list of SAE and deaths should be available with DCGI office and directed the DCGI to provide information for 2011 and copies of Appendix XI to the appellant before August 15.Box:No.State Death reported from 2008 to Jan 2012 due to clinical trials1Maharashtra 2682Andhra Pradesh 1533Delhi (NCR)974Gujarat875Karnataka786Tamil Nadu467Rajasthan 438West Bengal289UP2810 MP26", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15563837", "title": "Retd Col gets Rajiv Gandhi Shiromani Award", "text": "KANPUR: Lt Col (Retd) Kishan Singh made city proud on Sunday when he was given Rajiv Gandhi Shiromani Award in New Delhi. This prestigious award was given to Lt Col Singh by Shekhar Dutt, Governor of Chattisgarh in a jam packed auditorium for his contribution to the nation. The award was given on the occasion of 67th birth anniversary of Late Rajiv Gandhi.During the grand function Balmiki Prasad Singh, Governor of Sikkim , Dr Bhishma Narain Singh, former governor of Tamil Nadu and Assam and Dr GVG Krishanmurthy, former Chief Election Commissioner were present.Kishan Singh's name was selected by the Advisory Board of Citizens Integration Peace Society for the 'Rajiv Gandhi Shiromani Award'. The award was presented during the national symposium on 'Rajiv's Role In Promoting National Integration'. The award has been instituted in memory of Late Rajiv Gandhi. For this award achievers in the field of industry, business, public life, administration, social work, educational services and culture are selected and Lt Col Kishan Singh was one among them.Lt Col Singh was given away a Memento and a Certificate during the function. Singh is presently running a private security providing company in the city.Kishan Singh's name was selected by the Advisory Board of Citizens Integration Peace Society", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15562847", "title": "Modern day colours add to Eid celebrations", "text": "Much of the beauty of Eid emanates from the nobility of the rituals that go with its celebration. The sighting of the lovely crescent is followed by fitra, which means giving money to the poor for material to prepare vermicelli kheer. The new clothes and jewellery are worn only after the family has paid the zakat, the compulsory charitable contributions given away anytime during the month of Ramzan but definitely before offering Eid prayers.The devout make it a point to perform these rituals as they feel god has stipulated them to ensure cleansing of soul as well as wealth. \"Zakat involves 2 \u00bd per cent of our total wealth and fitra is a contribution of the same percentage of food consumed per head by the family. By doing this charity during the holy month, we get 70 times more of the sabab or the returns on this good deed,\" said Tahseen Junaid, a businesswoman.With the exposure to the scriptures afforded by books now available in English and the knowledge overload on the Net, even younger generation of Muslims is very clued into these aspects of Ramzan, she adds.After the morally enriching act of charity, celebrations begin in true sense. Dr Sabiha Maimoon says that this festival is a true celebration as it comes after a month of fasting. \"Eid comes after such a long wait. This makes the mood that much more festive,\" she says.The high point in every home is the preparation of sheer khurma and khajoor. \"Both these drinks prepared from milk, dry fruits and dates are very nutritious, as we do require that amount of rich food after a month of fasting,\" says Dr Sabiha. But lifestyle diseases and the consequent awareness about avoiding sugar has led to these delicacies now being prepared with very less, or no sugar.\"What would Eid be without the eidi or the gift that is given to women and children on this day? \"The tradition is to give cash and gifts to young members of the family who have kept the rozas for the first time or who complete all the rozas successfully. It is like an encouragement for them,\" says Tarannum Ali, who runs a charitable hospital in the city. The custom is also to give eidi to all those who work in homes and establishments, regardless of their religion, she adds.Another integral part of the celebrations is the dressing up for this day. There is some frenzied shopping in days preceding the Eid and markets especially stock up for the occasion. Homemaker Yasmin Servaia says that on every festival people want to turn out in their best. \"However, tastes are very discerning now and instead of dressing up gaudily, women are more elegant as they blend traditional with western wear.\" Though the more traditional stick to saris and salwar kameez, the younger set now wears short kurtis with pants or trousers, she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15564032", "title": "'Unesco recognition to W Ghats will not cause relocation'Unesco listing doesn't mean regulation or relocation from WG sites'", "text": "PUNE: Wildlife Institute of India dean Vinod B Mathur said inscription of the 39 sites in Western Ghats in the UNESCO world heritage sites list will not bring in any new regulation, restriction or lead to relocation of people. The sites will continue to be regulated according to the existing Acts, inducing the Wildlife Protection Act and the Forest Rights Act.Mathur, the Union government coordinator in the efforts to propose and manage the world natural heritage sites, was in the city to deliver a lecture on 'World natural heritage in Western Ghats: From inscription to action,' organised by TERRE Policy Centre recently. He pointed out that there is misinformation among people that there would be new regulations and relocation of people because of the inscription. In fact, according to the Forest Rights Act, relocation of people is voluntary, he said.He said there are challenges in protection and management of these 39 sites after inscription. \"If not managed well, there are chances that the sites might go in the World heritage danger list. We do not want this to happen to any of the 39 sites in Western Ghats,\" he said.Mathur said UNESCO has advised 'responsible tourism' at all these sites. \"With the tagging of UNESCO's world heritage sites, there will be an increase in tourism to these sites. For example, we are seeing local tourism at Kas plateau, which may soon change. We'll have to see that there is responsible visitor management. Also, tourists will like to see the aesthetic beauty and experience wilderness. We have to come up with a right kind of tourism model,'' he said.\"The forest department, with the local community, should encourage participatory management, which will involve scientists, scientific organisations and civil society. Inclusive governance would be ideal. Maharashtra can take the lead and come up with a model that can be followed by others too,\" he said.He said the idea is to protect natural resources, and explained how the Periyar Tiger Reserve in Kerala has appointed tourist guards who were earlier involved with poachers or were engaged in tree felling activities.Mathur said that a management plan will be prepared for all the 39 sites. A report on the state of conservation, which will also be a monitoring report, will be prepared by the state and local officers and will be submitted to UNESCO through the union government every two years. For this, data will be collected every year on the diversity and population among others every year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "15563739", "title": "Residents lead by example, carry out plantation drive", "text": "DUGRI: Residents of Friends Neighbours Society near Phase II, Dugri, carried out a plantation drive in their colony on Sunday. Around 43 houses from the society participated in the drive and planted around 20 saplings in a nearby corporation park, which has been adopted by the society.Saplings of ornamental plants like gulmohar and ficus were planted by the residents, who vowed to take care of these and maintain the beauty of their surrounding area. Area resident and businessman Surinder Pal Singh, 45, said, \"The plantation drive is our attempt to keep our surroundings clean and green. Plus, this initiative is an attempt to lead by example for children, who can further carry out this activity and spread awareness.\"Talking about the irresponsible attitude of municipal corporation, Dr Kashyap, 50, said, \"There are other parks in nearby areas, but they are looked after by MC. Since our society's park is completely ignored by the corporation, we decided to take things in our hand and carry out this drive.\"Society members Ravinder Singh, Sarabjeet Singh, Sanjeev Goyal, Mangat Rai, Ramanpreet Singh, M S Gera, Sham Sunder Anand and K K Marwaha worked together to make the plantation drive a success. Previously too, the society has worked for carrying out a cleanliness drive and various activities for keeping the surroundings clean and green.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15567452", "title": "Sunny Deol to play collector in Anil Sharma's film", "text": "Sunny Deol would for the first time play a collector in Anil Sharma directed film Singh Saheb The Great .\"The film to be shot in Banaras would deal with the issue of corruption which has seeped in every sphere of society,\" says the director Anil Sharma. \"Corruption is an issue which has to be dealt by every Indian.It is the common man who is the worse affected by it and the film which is a satire on it has scenes of action so characteristic of Sunny's film. Though the female lead opposite Sunny is yet to be decided but we have finalised on Amrita Rao essaying the role of a small town journalist,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15558058", "title": "Eid: A celebration of oneness", "text": "From sumptuous feasts to festivities and catching up with family, the city is all geared up for Eid this yearFor Muslims all around the world, Eid is a day of celebration, an end to a long month of discipline and fasting. A three-day festival, Eid-ul-Fitr is celebrated with great zest and pomp. The word Eid translates to 'festivity' while Fitr means 'breaking the fast'. And hence, this is a day where Muslims around the world try to show unity through one day of festivity. The setting is perfect with family, friends, gifts and food (a LOT of it!) around. Over the years, the way we celebrate Eid has taken a turn with youngsters bringing about much change in the way they wish and celebrate.Keisha Camilla, a medical student, says. \"We have been having puttu and mutton curry on Eid morning for as far as I can remember. Eid prayers are of course an important part of the day. Later, I'll be skyping all my friends around the world,\" grins Keisha. Skyping and video conferencing is a big part of Eid celebrations now since loved ones cannot make it home in time for the big day. Instead, families get together for a session of video conferencing with their sons and families, who are celebrating Eid in some other part of the world. Distance may play foul but the spirit never dies when it comes to celebrating Eid.Shereefa Abdul Rahman , a dental student, prides in the fact that she is a true blue Malayali muslim. \"I woke up to the aroma of Malappuram biriyani. You know your day's going to be different when that happens,\" smiles Shereefa. For her, a typical Eid day starts off with prayers, a new dress and wishing family members. \"This Eid, thankfully, I am with my family but there have been times when I've been away at college and that's when I miss home and the food the most.\" For her, a typical breakfast is puttu, banana and pappadum. \"I think it's different everywhere \u2014 this culture of Eid breakfast. And I think it is very heartwarming to know that Eid is celebrated in different ways in different parts of the country,\" she adds.The custom of Eidi (Eid money) is something children usually never forget. At the end of Eid lunch, the elders in the family give money to the young ones (usually after a lot of pestering). Feroze Kareem, a project co-ordinator, talks about his Eid, \"I started fasting when I was seven and that is a very young age to discipline yourself. So, on Eid, it was like all my senses broke loose!\" \"Eid brings about a sense of belonging because you are with family. I have more than six uncles from whom I get Eidi. So, for me Eid is pay-day! Later, in the evening we meet friends and burst crackers and probably get chased away by the neighbours for making too much noise. But hey, that's how you celebrate,\" grins Feroze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15563768", "title": "Loudspeakers in your para to warn of disaster", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has decided to cover all corners of the city with public address system so that people can be informed in case of a disaster or a riot-like situation. Once the system is in place, special messages can be communicated directly from the Writers' Buildings. The state government will also make use of SMSes to alert people.The decision was taken in the wake of the riots that had gripped some parts of India.The installation process will not be restricted to the city alone. Major towns in the districts and subdivisions will also be equipped with public address system at a later stage.The project has been taken up by the state disaster management department. Besides putting up new loudspeakers, the existing ones installed at traffic signals will also be brought under the system.Earlier, these loudspeakers were meant to be used only by policemen in case of exigency. But the department will now tie up with the police so that these can be effectively used to sound a warning in case of a cyclone, earthquake or any other disaster. Traffic control directives will be also be announced.State disaster management minister Javed Ahmed Khan said that his department will start setting up the system to inform people about probable disasters. \"If there is a fire in any area then the public address system can be used to ask the vehicles to divert and take some other routes.\"Similarly, the department will alert people to remain in safe locations if there is a forecast for cyclone or warning for earthquake. The minister said that major parts of the city will be covered under the system within this year.The public address system will also be used to control crowd in case a riot-like situation arises. The Writers' Buildings will in fact have a 24X7 control room will work in tandem with the police to sound warnings.The Union home ministry had recently directed all states to set up crowd-control devices as the use of weapons to pacify the mob has often had a negative impact.Khan said, \"In case of any tension in any area our chief minister Mamata Banerjee can appeal to the people to maintain peace.\" Help of community leaders will also be sought to appeal to people through the public address system. \"So, the rumour mongers can be checked from spreading canards,\" the minister added.In order to ensure complete safety, the disaster management team will also be sending out SMSes to people based on the global positioning system. People in the troubled areas hence can be alerted immediately.The moment any alert message is received from the weather office, it will have an automated format to convert the message to an SMS. The text message will then be sent to the mobile users in the target area.Alert messages will be sent to the local television and radio channels so the same can be aired to alert people.As part of riot control measure and mitigating disaster, Bengal government is going to install microphones in all parts of Kolkata. So that through these microphones people can be alerted about prevailing dangers and special messages can be communicated to the people through the public address system from Writers' Buildings.Once the greater Kolkata is covered with the public address system then the same will be set up in major towns in the districts and sub-divisions.The state disaster management department is going to install microphones at all road corners in the city. Even the department has plans to use the existing microphones which are used at traffic signals to play music for alerting people about disaster. Many microphones at the traffic signals are only meant for use by the policemen in case of exigency. Now the state disaster management department will tie up with the police so that these microphones can be used to alert people in case of a cyclone warning or earthquake or flood like situation. Even traffic control directives will be informed to the people through these microphones.State disaster management minister Javed Ahmed Khan said that his department will start setting up the microphones to inform the people about the probable disasters. \"If there is a fire in any area then the microphones can be used to inform the passing vehicles to divert route and take some particular routes.\" Similarly, the department will alert people to remain in safe place if there is a forecast for cyclone or warning for earthquake. Khan said that in major part of the city the microphones will be installed by 2012.But using the cyclone or disaster warning system the state government wants to quell rioting mob. For that they are going to have a 24x7 control room at Writers' Buildings which will work in tandem with the police and alert people. The home ministry has also wanted the states to set up devices to control crowd behaviour as often the use of lethal weapons had been found to have negative impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "both great britain and india came up with their best games performances in london, but the hosts were placed third while india finished in poor 55th place. expenditure during preparation may explain the difference", "code": "15565459", "title": "Olympic dreams: It's all about the cash flow", "text": "Both Great Britain and India came up with their best Games performances in London, but the hosts were placed third while India finished in poor 55th place. Expenditure during preparation may explain the difference: Britain's spend on Games preparations were nine times more than India's...India might have won less than a tenth of Great Britain's total medals at the London Games but something is similar between the Olympic performance of India and its former coloniser.Although the gap in the medal tallies is huge, the London Games witnessed both teams' best performance for more than 100 years. Why has our best taken us to 55th place while the British team came third in the overall medal tally? A comparison of both countries' expenditure in preparing athletes for the Olympics might be worthwhile in understanding the enormous difference in results.UK Sports is the British government body responsible for disbursing government funding in Olympics and Paralympic sports. It invests exchequer, national lottery and private sector funding to maximise the international success of British athletes.For London 2012, UK sports spent a staggering Rs 2,301 crore in preparing the athletes. This is about nine times of India's Olympic expenditure. The four-year funding is awarded on the basis of Olympic cycle and it starts on April 1 of the year immediately following the conclusion of the Games.In India, the ministry of youth affairs and sports launched 'Operation Excellence for London Olympics 2012' - commonly known as OPEX 2012 - to better medal chances. Launched in April 2011, OPEX 2012 lasted for 16 months and 490 days, concluding in July 2012. Based on India's past performance, 16 different disciplines were identified in which Indian athletes were likely to qualify.According to the minutes of the 1st Apex committee meeting, OPEX 2012 was aimed at winning 8-10 medals in different categories.A total of Rs 258.39cr was the budget estimate for this programme, of which 238.39cr was to be spent on preparation and an additional 20 crore for foreign coaches.Although the sum of expenditure in the 16 disciplines on OPEX 2012's official website is 139.39cr, let's assume that the allocated amount is actually spent. Even then our Olympic expenditure is a meagre 11% of Britain's.It's also worthwhile to compare discipline-wise expenditure. The numbers indicates that higher spending definitely increases medal chance. The bulk of India's expenditure has gone into shooting, boxing, hockey, athletics, wrestling, table tennis, gymnastics and badminton.The high expenditure in athletics and hockey is also because of significantly higher number of athletes.In the remaining six disciplines, India got medals in four. Gymnastics was perhaps our worst bet as even after spending 14cr we failed to qualify. On the other hand, badminton fetched us a medal even though we spent 13cr in training the athletes.It's also interesting to note that India spent more than the British in shooting, wrestling and table tennis. In these three games, Great Britain managed a gold in shooting while we won silver and bronze in shooting and wrestling each.So what is the cost per medal? With Rs 250cr total expenditure our cost per medal is significantly higher than Britain. India spent Rs 43cr for each of its medal while the same cost is Rs 35cr for Britain.India, Great Britain Games Expenses: A Comparison  Discipline  India  Great Britain  % of Great Britain   Shooting  44  21  204  Boxing  27  83  33  Hockey  21  131  16  Athletics  16  219  7  Wrestling  16  13  126  Table Tennis  15  11  138  Gymnastics#  14  94  14  Badminton  13  65  20  Swimming  13  219  6  Judo  12  65  18  Weightlifting  11  12  94  Taekwondo  9  42  22  Archery  9  38  24  Rowing  9  238  4  Sailing  8  200  4  Tennis*  2  0  NA   Total (Rs cr; GBP = INR 87)  238  2,301  10    Source: UK Sports, PIB, Ministry of youth affairs and sports.  *Tennis is not funded by UK Sports  #(Artistic-Men)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15563612", "title": "'It is as if I am available for all'", "text": "MALDA: When Khalida's (name changed) brothers got married, she was locked up in a room. No one wanted her to meet the guests, especially when new relations were being formed.Khalida's crime was that she was raped - by her father-in-law. And like all women who have faced the trauma, she is treated by her family and neighbours as if she were the criminal and not the victim.Squatting on the ground, binding rolls ofbiri, Khalida Bibi's frail figure blends with the group of malnourished feeble women around. Like many other women in this part of the state, Khalida too has her tattered pink saree covering her from head to toe - the 'ghomta' concealing her entire face. It has been five years now, but for Khalida, it seems like just the other day. The memory still haunts her. And her near ones never let her forget it.Khalida - who lives in Budhia village, around 18 km from Malda town under English Bazaar police station - was married to neighbour Samirul Haque in 2003. Samirul had no fixed income and like many youths of his locality, he too had to work as a daily labourer.As they did not have a child, Khalida had strained relations with her in-laws. In March 2007, Samirul went off to Mujaffarpur with a group of labourers on work. He was expected to return to his village in three months.\"I used to spend all day doing household chores, with my in-laws around. There were constant abuses from my mother-in-law, but I took it in my stride. I was even labeled 'a bad omen',\" Khalida recalled.And then one day, the unthinkable happened - she was raped by her father-in-law, and then threatened that she keep it a secret. \"But the moment I got the first opportunity, I rushed out of the house in the dark and pleaded with a neighbour to take me to my parents,\" said Khalida.Despite pressure from her in-laws, Khalida refused to keep quiet about it. Her family sought a village trial and a kangaroo court was held on the basis of her allegation. The father-in-law denied all charges, and clearly had the support of some members of the court. The next day, Khalida lodged a complaint at English Bazaar police station and a medical test was done.But her real test began now. After returning home, Khalida's husband tried to get her to withdraw the case. But Khalida put her foot down and in October 2007, her father-in-law was sentenced to jail. But even as it was seen as Khalida's victory, the relief was over in a flash. Her husband divorced her immediately. After the death of her father and with her mother ailing, Khalida soon become a \"burden\" on her brothers.Worse, the stigma never allowed her to lead a normal life. \"I have to bind biri for a living, but can't meet the contractor for wages. Instead, others take it on my behalf,\" she said. She is not allowed to meet outsiders apart from very close relatives. Even during the weddings of her brothers, she was locked up in a room.What about remarriage? \"Who will touch a woman with such stigma? No one would want to marry me. But keeping me in confinement cannot stop men from making indecent proposals. It is as if I am considered a loose woman and available for all.\"\"It has been five years now. But even today, I have nightmares of being gobbled up by a dark, dingy tunnel and wake up with a shudder,\" sighed Khalida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15563496", "title": "'10 agents control coins flow in city'", "text": "JAIPUR: Black marketing of coins has led to their huge scarcity in the city. Scores of agents sit outside the building of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and receive the major portion of coins issued from the counters through their stooges. The agents later sell the coins at a hiked rate to shopkeepers and traders. As per law, it is illegal to sell coins, as they can only be exchanged.Every morning dozens of men and women make a long queue at the front gate of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to exchange coins. RBI opens its counters for the money exchange from Monday to Friday.\"Ten odd agents in the city virtually control the flow of coins. They buy coins from the counters of the RBI and sell them at hiked prices to traders and shopkeepers. Everyday coins of worth Rs 3 lakh are going in the hands of these agents which they circulate as per their wish,\" said Sanjay Garg, secretary, Center for Policy Solutions. \"Each agent has at least 50 people working under him who are sent to the RBI counters on a roaster basis,\" Garg said.In the grey market, every pack of coins for hundred rupees is sold for Rs 112 by the agents. The middlemen who facilitate the agent receives Rs six to Rs eight on a pack of Rs 100 as their commission. \"We have about 50 shopkeepers as our regular customers in the old city. Each of them demands coins worth Rs 1000. We sell them at Rs 1120. But if the coins are new and fresh then it increases to Rs. 1150,\" said one of the agents.The shopkeepers feel that it is less cumbersome to buy change from the agents even though it cost them more. \"Even if I send my worker, I will have to pay for his travel which will be around Rs 100. Also, he will go in the morning and come back in the afternoon. Half a day of labour will be wasted in just bringing coins from the RBI,\" said Mangal Das Agarwal, a general store owner at Kishanpole bazaar.The Jaipur office of RBI claims that they have taken steps to monitor and meet the demand for coins in different parts of Rajasthan. \"Entry of general public is regulated after verification of their identities. Monitoring of the exchange hall operations is also scrupulously undertaken to ensure that services are not utilized by frequent visitors,\" an RBI official said.To deal with the dearth of coins, RBI also organized coin mela recently apart from distributing it from the counters. \"Currency chest holding banks have been advised to issue coins to public keeping in view their genuine requirements. These currency chests, at our instance, are functioning on Sundays as well to exchange notes and coins,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15563320", "title": "MP seeks lifting of ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves", "text": "BHOPAL: After notifying the buffer zone in Panna sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh forest department officials have filed their reply in affidavits in the apex court, seeking lifting of interim ban imposed on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserve. The court is scheduled to hear the PIL filed by conservationist Ajay Dubey demanding removal of commercial tourism activities from core areas in the tiger reserves on August 22.In the affidavits filed on August 12 and16, MP has sought for modification of Apex Court order of July 24 which banned tourism in core area saying that it was already doing regulated tourism in the such areas.The state government in its reply has stated that more than 650 villages housed in the core areas with around 3.46 lakh population - 50 per cent tribals eke out their living through tourism. The affidavits said that several religious places were situated in the core area of Satpura Tiger Reserve in Hoshangabad. The reply stated a slew of measures, MP has taken to protect tiger and regulate tourism in the reserves.On April 4 and 9, the Supreme Court had asked the states to notify buffer zones in the reserves but MP didn't in Panna. Unhappy with some states including MP, the court on July 24 banned tourism in the core areas of the tiger reserves for tiger conservation, across the country and gave three-week time - as the last opportunity - to some states to notify buffer area. After the Apex Court ban, the state government which was reluctant to notify buffer area of Panna Tiger Reserve, for last two year, gave in. It notified 1002 sq km as buffer on August 9.Supreme Court senior advocate B S Banthia confirmed that MP has filed their reply. There are estimated 1700 tigers in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15562682", "title": "Arjuna award: Pleasant surprise for Kashyap, Ashwini", "text": "HYDERABAD: Shuttlers Parupalli Kashyap and Ashwini Ponnappa were understandably elated after being nominated for the Arjuna award. Kashyap, who became the first Indian to reach the men's singles quarterfinals at the Olympics, said he was not expecting the honour.\"I was surprised. I never thought I would be in line to get Arjuna this year. It is a great honour for me,\" Kashyap said.The lanky shuttler was of the opinion that Ashwini, who won a bronze at the World Championships last year, would be the only badminton player in the list this year.\"After Jwala got it last year (2011) for winning the Commonwealth Games gold, I thought Ashwini will be the only one this year. But I am very happy that the awards committee considered my good showing at the Olympics and also at recent tournaments. An honour like this will motivate us to do well in future,\" said Kashyap, who has had an incredible run in the last 18 months.For Ashwini, now on a holiday in Pondicherry, an Arjuna was the last thing on her mind. \"My mother called to give me the news. It's a huge honour for me. I was confident that the government would recognize my efforts one day but I didn't expect it would be so soon,\" Ashwini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15565352", "title": "Asexuals: The growing community", "text": "LONDON: It's called the fourth sexual orientation \u2014 men and women who are just not interested in having sex because they feel absolutely no physical attraction to other people.The community of such people \u2014 called Asexual \u2014 is growing, with increasing demands that they be recognised as the fourth sexual orientation. Latest estimates put the community at 1% of the population.In 2001, for the first time, the asexuals began the process of organizing themselves when a website was launched, which was soon joined by over 50,000 followers from across the world. Since then, the community has become the focus of increasing attention. In July, the first non-academic conference to discuss asexuality was held at Southbank University, London.Michael Dore, organizer of the World Pride conference, said: \"We want asexuality to be recognized as a valid sexual orientation, rather than a disorder or something people have to hide.\" Anthony Bogaert , a Canadian professor, defines asexuality as a complete lack of sexual attraction , and has just written a book on the subject, titled 'Understanding Asexuality' , according to The Independent. He says: \"There are two forms: people who have sex drive, but don't direct this drive toward others (so they may masturbate); and other people who have no sex drive.\"The books argues that a growing number of people consider themselves asexual.He believes asexual people are \"an under-studied population\" who can feel excluded from our \"very sexualized culture\" . He says our society \"can place expectations on both sexual and asexual people , but particularly asexual people\" . The Independent reported that the asexual community is made up of people who define themselves as hetero-romantic , meaning they feel romantic feelings towards the opposite sex, though no sexual desire, homo-romantic , meaning they feel affection for the same sex, and bi-romantic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15566796", "title": "Manipal students not worried about SMS cap by govt", "text": "MANGALORE: Students, especially in Manipal, are not unduly worried about the government's cap on five SMSes till month end in the wake of north east exodus.Many students have been using WhatsApp Messenger, a proprietary, cross-platform instant messaging application for smart phones. WhatsApp allows user to exchange messages without having to pay for SMS.Varnavi K, a communication student from Manipal says the five sms cap has not worried those who have the application. It is popular among students from north, now its becoming popular among students from south too after this five SMS cap came about,'' she adds. The messenger even also allows sending international, national messages free, whereas service providers charge Rs 5 per international SMS and national SMS cost rs 1 or Rs 2 depending on the service provider.Ajay Rao, studying in Manipal Institute of Communications said: I had the application on my phone but never used it. Now it has come to use as I have been using it.I will recommend it to my friends also. The application allows the user send messages to another person who has this application,'' he added. Whatsapp is available for iPhone , BlackBerry , Android , Windows Phone and Nokia. The Messenger uses the same internet data plan that user uses for email and web browsing and there is no cost to message.Deepali Swadha, who is her third year Mass Communications course, says: Life has become very difficult after SMS was restricted. We use SMS more than voice to communicate with friends. Now we have to call people every time and it costs a lost.Deepali does not have the messenger as her phone does not support it.Tanay Pratap from Jharkhand, who works in Bangalore after completing his BE from MIT, also says majority Manipalites use Whatsapp can be used across any platforms and one does not have to sign in like Google Talk. You can ping any person in your address book who has the application,'' he said.PK Milan from Manipur who is studying at St Aloysius uses voice services now. It's good that SMS number has been capped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562921", "title": "Palpreet powers India to Round 2", "text": "NAGPUR: Punjab forward Palpreet Singh Brar fired 27 points to steer India to a nine-point (77-68) victory over Hong Kong and seal a spot in Round 2 of the 22nd Fiba Asia U-18 Basketball Championship at Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, on Sunday.A day after being humbled by the defending champions China, the six-foot-six Palpreet produced a strong third quarter showing - scoring 16 of his game-high total of 27 points - as India took control of the proceedings after the change of ends to seize the decisive Group A preliminary round game.Whether Hong Kong raised their game or India struggled to get into their groove, scores at the end of the first half saw the later taking a marginal five-point advantage. India won the initial two quarters 15-14 and 18-14 respectively.It was only after the 15-minute lemon break that Indian cagers upped the ante when needed and gained control of the match with a decisive 28-16 win in the third quarter. With a flurry of under-the-net baskets, Palpreet stole the show along with Karan Joshua as India closed the third period ahead by 17 points.Though India lost the last period 18-24, the initial advantage was enough for JP Singh's boys to snap a two-game losing streak with a nine-point victory which also gave them a place in the second round.While Palpreet finished with a game-high total and a double-double - 27 points and 17 rebounds. Point guards Amit Kanarjee and Rakesh Sangwan fought hard and kept India in the game and in lead. Kanarjee played an important role with 16 points and six assists, Karthickeyan Saminathan (10) had his first double digit score. Joshua came off the bench and in his 16-minute presence pulled down 15 rebounds while added 8 points. Rakesh contributed 8 points and took 9 rebounds before being ejected out with five fouls. For Hong Kong, Shiu Wah (18) and Yiu Chang (13) did well.In a major boost to the team's campaign ahead, India eventually picked up their act under the board and went on to finish with 51-36 ahead on the board collections - 34-25 on defense.In the second round, India have been pitted against higher ranked rivals Korea, Syria and Japan. On Monday, India face Korea, the runners-up of previous edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15565272", "title": "MUV-cop van crash: Driver was out raising toast to birth of pal\u2019s child: Cops", "text": "The driver of the MUV involved in the road accident at Powai in which five policemen were injured had been drinking before getting behind the wheel, cops said.Powai police said accused Sagar Gaikwad (27), a resident of Diva, didn't have a driver's licence or the documents for the vehicle.\"Gaikwad's friend, Arun Gaute, had just become a father and had thrown a party at Airoli in celebration. Gaikwad admitted that he had consumed alcohol at the party. After drinking, around 11pm on Friday, Gaikwad, Gaute and their group of friends decided to drive to Juhu beach in the MUV used by the accused. The incident occurred when they were on their way back from the beach. Based on his blood report, Gaikwad will be booked for drunk driving,\" Powai police senior inspector Bhajirao Bhosale said.The MUV Gaikwad and his friends were driving in hit a police van around 3.45am at a spot in Powai where a cement mixer had turned turtle.Five policemen, assistant sub-inspector Kalyan Mandalik (55) and constables Sridhar Sawakande (45), B D Dhagde (44), Tukaram Yadav (44) and Sudhir Pandit, were injured in the incident. \"I rushed to the accident spot after receiving a call about the accident and found the injured cops lying in the middle of the road. They had been thrown out of the van due to the impact,\" inspector Yaqoob Mulla said.But this was not the end of the traumatic events of the day. A speeding truck coming down the road directly towards the MUV would have crushed all the policemen and the MUV driver had Mulla not stood in the middle of the road and signaled for the vehicle to stop.\"I noticed a speeding truck heading towards us in the heavy rain. All of us would have been crushed had the truck not stopped. The truck spun a little on the road as the driver struggled to bring it to a halt. A car close behind the truck failed to stop in time and rammed into it, but the impact was not severe,\" said Mulla.Gaikwad was arrested for the first accident after being given first aid at Fortis hospital. He was released on bail around 10pm on Saturday. Three policemen are still undergoing treatment, while two have been discharged. Cops will book the owner of the MUV driven by Gaikwad for not transferring the ownership of the vehicle in his name despite selling it to him over six months ago. The owner will also be booked for selling the vehicle without verifying whether Gaikwad even had a valid driver's licence in the first place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15566747", "title": "2 tunnels, flyover to ease BKC's connectivity", "text": "MUMBAI: Expect to save 15 minutes of time in near future if you are a regular traveler to and fro the the city's business park \u2014 the Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC). To ensure seamless connectivity to the business hub from the Bandra Worli Sea Link (BWSL) as well as the airport, and to decongest the busy Kalanagar junction on the Western Express Highway, the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA) is planning to build two tunnels and a flyover.MMRDA consultants have recommended a tunnel from the BWSL to the BKC and another from the BKC to near the Kherwadi junction for sake of better connectivity to the airport. A flyover from the Bandra rail overbridge near the BWSL having two arms, one landing at the BKC near Kalanagar and the other heading to the Dharavi side, has also been planned.Around 1.5-km-long underground tunnel from the BWSL to the BKC is expected to end at the Nandadeep Garden near the Kalanagar junction. The underground link between BKC and the Kherwadi junction will also provide better linkages to the airport and the Western Express highway alike.Expected to cost around Rs400 crore, the project will take a year and a half to execute. However, the official added that they were considering a few technical issues like the steep gradient of the tunnel which will start from the BWSL end near the Bandra rail over bridge, before taking a final decision.The project will also help relieve the chronic traffic congestion at the busy Kalanagar junction at Bandra (East). Another MMRDA official said the infrastructure agency is likely to take around a month's time to take a decision regarding the project, after considering the technical issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15564009", "title": "Grand regatta at Bolghatty island", "text": "KOCHI: Almost 100 yacht owners from different parts of the country are expected to participate in the 'Kochi-Onam regatta jaloutsavam 2012' being held for the first time in Bolghatty island from August 24 to August 30.Organized by the Kerala tourism department and Kerala Water sports and Sailing Organization (KWSO), participants will have to compulsorily participate in eight races of 1.5 km distance. There will be seven yachts classes- Optimist, Laser 4.7, Laser radial, 29er, Hobie-Cat, Enterprise Classes and Windsurf.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will be inaugurating the jaloutsavam, in which five persons from Kerala would be participating. Majority of the participants are from Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh. \"Through this event, we are trying to promote water tourism in the state, as Kerala is the only state in the country where there is abundance of water bodies which is most suitable for sailing,\" said organizing committee chairman George Thomas.Besides promoting tourism, the organizers also intend to promote sailing amongst Malayalis. \"There is scope for each and every sailing aspirant to lead a good life through sailing as watersport activity has agreat potential in the state.Our students will also take part in the competition and they will put their best foot forward as they compete with participants from other states\", said Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15563021", "title": "Paramedics of EMRI 108 rescue girl child abandoned after birth", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She is destiny's child. Abandoned hours after her birth, she was left to fend for herself. But, fate had different plans for her as help reached miraculously on time and she was rescued by paramedics of EMRI 108.The tiny tot, even before opening her eyes to the harsh realities of the world, got a helping hand from EMRI 108 on Sunday morning. The paramedics rescued the three to four-hour-old girl child from outskirts of Chandkheda and took her to neo-natal care. Not just that, the little girl has enamoured her saviours and some of them expressed their wish to adopt the child.According to 108 officials, they got a call at 8.30 am on Sunday by a local resident about a girl child in the fields behind Naklang Temple near Zundal circle on Chandkheda-Gandhinagar road. A team of 108 reached the spot in 15 minutes.\"It was sheer luck and help of Good Samaritans that the child is alive. The place is a few meters away from the makeshift road but sometimes used by local residents to attend nature's call. There is good population of dogs in the area and if the girl was not rescued in time, the canines might have feasted on her. We believe that she might have been delivered without any medical assistance,\" said a paramedic who attended to the call.After clamping the umbilical cord and giving her pre-hospital treatment, the child was rushed to the Civil Hospital in Asarwa where she was admitted in neo-natal intensive care unit (ICU). The entire unit was on tenterhooks till the doctor on duty declared her safe and out of danger.The happiest person however, was Sudhir Uttam, the operation executive for EMRI 108. \"I named her Bhoomika as she was found lying in an open farm land. On the one hand we are feeling proud about the achievements of women like Saina Nehwal, Mary Kom and Sunita Williams and on the other we are deserting our girl children to their fate. I and my wife have decided to adopt the girl after the formalities are over. The 108 staff is also keeping a close watch on her health,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15562660", "title": "Shooting coach Sunny Thomas quits one final time", "text": "PUNE: India's first national shooting coach Sunny Thomas on Sunday said he has stepped down from the post but would continue to be involved with the sport.\"I have informed the National Rifles Association of India about my decision, but I will stay connected with shooting. It's part of my blood, I can't leave it altogether,\" said Thomas, who was appointed in 1993. This is not the first time Thomas, 70, has tendered his resignation, though. \"I have resigned four times but I have told the NRAI very clearly that this time it's final,\" the Keralite said.\"It's been 19 years and it's not correct to hold on to the job for such a long time. I think it's also the right time. India has won four medals in shooting in three consecutive Olympics, no other sport has achieved it.\"Thomas said he could take on the role of jury during the upcoming national trials (September 1-11) and the Gun For Glory championship here in September. The Masters tournament , also to be held here, runs from August 26 to 31, but Thomas said he would not play any role in it. Thomas' ways as the head coach has not always earned him friends in the NRAI and the government but he said it was not the reason for his giving up charge.However, the matter doesn't seem to be closed yet. The NRAI said that Thomas, whose contract ends on August 31, has not officially put in his papers and that he would be persuaded to continue.\"He has informed us verbally. Maybe he wants a break. Of course, if he insists we have no other option. We will take a call after having a meeting in the second week of September,\" NRAI Advisor Baljeet Singh Sethi said.Thomas, an English language professor by profession, had his first brush with the sport as a player when he won five medals - including two gold - in rifle events in the Kerala state championship in Kottayam in 1965. He became the national champion in the 3 Position open sight event in 1976 in Chennai.He quit teaching four years after becoming the national coach. Thomas took credit for putting a system in place for shooting in the country. \"There was no system when I took charge, I didn't have a predecessor. Now there is a foundation which who ever comes in can build on,\" he said.The one controversy that has marred his marathon tenure was the selection policy put in place in recent years.\"There has been lots of criticism. The selection policy can be remodelled, we are learning from experience. But the fact is that the Olympic medals show that the system in place is correct, what the NRAI is doing is correct. We are in the right direction,\" Thomas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15568466", "title": "M Karunanidhi seeks permanent solution to attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Monday slammed recurring attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen by Sri Lankan Navy and demanded that the Centre, which he said took up the issue with Colombo to \"satisfy us,\" seek a strong and permanent solution for the vexed issue.The 88 year-old DMK patriarch, whose party is a key constituent of the ruling UPA coalition, recalled that the DMK backed TESO (Tamil Eelam Supporters' Organisation) conference here last week had demanded retrieving Katchatheevu, an islet ceded by New Delhi to Sri Lanka in 1974, as a solution for the long-drawn issue.Referring to the latest incident where Sri Lankan Navy allegedly forcibly took away the catch of Indian fishermen near Katchatheevu in the Palk Straits, he said he \"strongly condemned\" it.\"It is a fact that every time Tamils (fishermen) are attacked, state government takes it up with the Centre and the Prime Minister, who in turn takes it up with Sri Lankan High Commissioner or that government to satsify us. Sri Lanka assures attacks will not recur but they do happen within a day or two of that assurance. Such incidents are a never ending story,\" he said in a statement here.Between 1991 and 2011, 85 Indian fishermen have been killed in 167 such attacks by the Lankan navy which had left nearly 200 injured. A total of 746 persons had been arrested between 2006-11, during the previous DMK regime, while 741 of them had been let off, he said.Recalling the TESO resolution on retrieving Katchatheevu, he said the latest incident (on Saturday) had come within a week of placing such a demand.He said the TESO conference had also demanded that India set up a naval base at Dhanushkodi here.\"The Centre should seek a strong and permanent solution to ensure our fishermen are not attacked. This is my firm appeal to the Centre on behalf of DMK,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556552", "title": "People say Eid and I have become synonymous: Salman", "text": "Eid celebrations have remained unchanged in the last 30 years at Salim Khan's residence Galaxy Apartments. The festive spirit, the warmth, the hustle-bustle of family and friends, food being served en masse... it's all the same.Step in to visit the Khans on Eid and the aroma of the biryani and sheer kurma are a feast for the senses. And there's usually a lot of laughter and merriment because of the sheer numbers of the people present.The head of the family, Salim saab , didn't believe in rituals then, he doesn't believe in them now. This 'Khan' daan , which has Hindu, Christian and Muslim members, is the epitome of an Indian secular family where caste and creed are of no consequence. Says Salim, \"You know I have never believed in any ritual. So on Eid, there is nothing special happening at home. Yes, my wife Salma gets some traditional items cooked; the children and the grandchildren come here and friends drop in.\"Arbaaz repeats what his dad says. Says he, \"My earliest memories of Eid are not any different from what happens in our home today. It has always been a special day because the family gets together and eats lunch. We are joined by friends. Our home has always been an open house and, frankly, it is like that 365 days a year. But on Eid, the dishes on the lunch menu change.\"Of course, a regular visitor to Galaxy Apartments cannot but notice that since 2009, when Salman Khan started to become a phenomenon, things have changed. For one, the security around the building has been beefed up because droves of people come in from all over India to catch a glimpse of their idol on this special day. \"Bas bhai ka ek nazara chahiye\" , you will hear fans chorus. And when Salman appears on his balcony in a T-shirt and jeans, the crowds feel they have received their 'eidi'.For Salman, however, Eid will be a low-key affair this year. \"My good friend Riteish Deshmukh lost his dad Vilasraoji,\" he says,\" adding, \"I will therefore not be celebrating.\" He admits, though, that his way of giving 'eidi' to his fans is by giving them a new film each year on the festive occasion.\"I'm an entertainer. And my fans want nothing more than for me to give them a good film each year on this day,\" he says.\"When Wanted came on Eid in 2009, one didn't do it by design. However, after that, my producers started planning special Eid releases for me. And now, people say Eid and I have become synonymous. But honestly, mere ghar mein Eid, Ganpati, Christmas sab kuch manate hain . So to try and segregate one festival from the other is not my style,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570395", "title": "Sarika is ready with Boliyan", "text": "After the success of last single 'Morni', Sarika is ready to her second single 'Boliyan'; music produced by Nirmal Sidhu out on the Hit Maker Recordz label.Sarika has taken part and competed in a wide range of competitions and shows across the UK, singing in English &amp; Punjabi. She also took part and reached the final of the biggest Asian talent show in the UK, Brit Asia Superstar 2009. Sarika is also a part of Kent Saheli Group, a group of ladies who do a wide variety of shows around Kent to promote Punjabi culture and traditions. She is a well known member of the Giddha team and is loved for her unique dancing skills.She was then given the chance to meet the legendary Punjabi singer Nirmal Sidhu and was accepted in his Vocal Training Academy.Sarika says, \"I am so blessed to have the training in Nirmal Sidhu's own teaching school as a student and got the chance to be taught the art of singing by such a talented and inspirational artist who has achieved so much with his hard work.\"With the support of Nirmal Sidhu and his son Nav Sidhu they decided Sarika was ready to launch her career after the hard work in Nirmal Sidhu music academy.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15563157", "title": "Planning cosmetic surgery? Visit a counsellor, say doctors", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman from Erode approached a plastic surgeon requesting him to alter her nose just a little to make her pretty. She returned two months after the surgery and asked for fat fillers or skin rejuvenation treatment. When she she returned a third time, the doctors were alarmed.\"I told her that she was very pretty. I veered her away from surgery, towards a new life and career,\" says psychologist Dr Mini Rao, who is a part of the Chennai Plastic Surgery team.Experts say many people who have plastic surgery return several times for other cosmetic procedures that they do not even require. Many plastic surgeons across the world now accept that it is necessary to psychologically evaluate patients before carrying out surgeries. \"Aesthetic surgery is for normal, healthy people, who want to look better,\" says plastic surgeon Dr Karthik Ram, who launched Chennai Plastic Surgery recently. \"It is important for patients to understand exactly they want. They should also understand what the doctor can deliver,\" he adds.When patients are not sure what they want, it could lead to a gap between expectations and the result of the surgery, say doctors. \"People who want plastic surgery often blame their features for functional inadequacies, like a salesman claiming that his crooked nose affects his performance at work,\" says Dr Raja Sabapathy, a former president of the Association of Plastic Surgeons of India.Doctors say a patient who suffers from psychological problems is usually never satisfied with any surgery, and tends to return for other procedures over and over again. \"As a surgeon, my first consultation is a counselling session to understand why a person wants the surgery. We refer them to counsellors if they show a compulsive need for plastic surgery,\" says Dr Ram.A person who has plastic surgery may suffer from depression and develop insecurities during post-surgery healing. \"Depression, isolation and anger are very common symptoms, because they are just getting used to a new look. They need constant reassurance from someone,\" says Dr Rao.Psychologists usually carry out a detailed psychometric evaluation of people who seek plastic surgery. \"I check if they have a history of alcohol or drug abuse, or use of antidepressants. Such people are likely to have psychological issues which surgery will not solve,\" says Dr Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569430", "title": "Cheryl Cole's new catch - the perfect boyfriend", "text": "Three blonde sisters - singer McCall Clarke and her sisters Alexander and Nikola, have revealed that if there's one man who'll be true to you, it's their pal Tre Holloway - Cheryl Cole's new man.The sisters revealed all about their nights with the US dancer.\"He's like a big brother to us and stays over at our house all the time,\" the Mirror quoted McCall, who starred in 'High School Musical 2' and has known Tre six years, as saying.\"But he'd never dream of making a move on any of us because he's not like that.\"He's a true gentleman and always holds the door open for women and pulls out chairs. He'll make a great boyfriend,\" she said.Cole's brother Garry played matchmaker after meeting Tre on a night out in LA.\"Tre told Garry he thought Cheryl was sweet, so Gary reported back to her. Cheryl liked the look of Tre too, so Gary played Cupid and set them up,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15562805", "title": "September's Maha Lok Adalat to focus on civil cases", "text": "NAGPUR: The next Maha Lok Adalat scheduled for September 16 will focus on pending civil cases, according officials in charge of the event. Maha Lok Adalat is conducted simultaneously across the state and aims to cut pendency by counselling litigants to settle matters amicably.The District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) takes the lead in organizing the event in each district. The first three Maha Lok Adalats have been a huge success. Kishore Jaiswal, civil judge and secretary of DLSA, said, \"For the upcoming Maha Lok Adalat, we are trying to target civil cases as over 40,000 matters are now pending in the district. Our meetings are still going on with various government stakeholders like the collector's office to see how many litigants we can reach out to.\"The DLSA regularly organizes Lok Adalats, which are a smaller version of the mega event, and it seems to settle about 400-odd cases. In the Maha Lok Adalat, however, the number of cases being settled are always over 12,000 at least for Nagpur district for both civil and criminal matters.\"Civil disputes between tenant-landlord abound in the system and it is common for the party which looses the case to appeal. In Maha Lok Adalat, once the case is settled, neither of the party can go for appeal ever and that ensures the pendency stays down,\" said Jaiswal.Apart from civil disputes, the biggest type of criminal cases that come to Maha Lok Adalat are cheque bouncing cases. \"There are about 10,000 such cases pending in our district and we are hoping to take down a huge chunk of that as well. We are meeting with financial institutions are well to call them for the Maha Lok Adalat and help settle matters once for all,\" said Jasiwal.In Nagpur city the Maha Lok Adalat is held on the premises of the District sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15564782", "title": "Tuskers go on rampage in Bokaro villages", "text": "BOKARO: Residents of over half-a-dozen villages located in the Jharkhand-West Bengal border under Kasmar block of the district have been spending sleepless nights thanks to two wild tuskers which are destroying standing crops and houses in the area.The tuskers have entered the area from Purulia district of West Bengal and destroyed standing crops in farmlands of several villagers in the area. The forest department has, however, assured compensation to the villagers whose crops have been destroyed by the tuskers. The tuskers have also damaged the house of one Surendranath Mahto at Murhul village. \"The elephants entered my farmland, destroyed my maize crops and damaged walls of my house,\" Mahto said.On Saturday, the tuskers came near the pandal erected for a religious function at Murhul village. On seeing the two tuskers the villagers fled from the scene. Fortunately no one was hurt.Chandrashekhar Ganjhu of Kotagada village said the tuskers destroyed his maize crops and ate a large number of bananas and papayas in his farmland. \"I suffered a huge loss,\" he said.Arun Kumar, forest officer of Petarwar range, said they were trying to drive away the tuskers to the jungle. The tuskers have entered Kasmar coming from Purulia district of West Bengal few days back. There is a forest located in bordering area. The two tuskers came to Kasmar block through that forest. They were last seen near Murhul and Pondradih villages, Kumar said.\"A team of forest personnel have gone to the affected villages to take stock of the situation. About 10 villagers have been affected as their crops have been destroyed by the tuskers. Crackers, kerosene oil and torches have been distributed among villagers to chase away the tuskers,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15566763", "title": "Centre urged to remove restrictions in areas around upcoming airport in Navi Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco), the nodal agency for building Navi Mumbai international airport has demanded the centre to give it powers to clear the building plans up to 75 meters height.Such powers are presently with the civil aviation ministry which is going to partner with the Cidco in developing the project. \"We should be given powers to clear buildings up to 75 meters of height and the height beyond that can be decided by the civil aviation department,\" said a Cidco official.Recently the Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and Cidco Chairman Pramod Hindurao, called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to apprise him of the progress over the ambitious Rs 14000 crore project to come up on over 2000 hectares of land. As per the civil aviation norms within minimum 9km to 20 km of the airport's periphery the norms for heighted buildings are stricter.To expedite the commencement of bidding process for the project, CIDCO has prepared the bid draft for approval of the Project Monitoring Committee of GoM and civil aviation ministry but still awaiting the nod.CIdco said the applicants in outer areas i.e. away from Airport more than 6 Km. and up to 20 Kms are the buildings of low height range of 20 m height which are requesting for NOC. This is creating hardships to applicants as the applicable height as per Civil Aviation norms in the outer area is about 9 to 20 km. Considering this CIDCO requested AAI to permit the Local Authority to issue permissions for the buildings height upto 75 m beyond which NOC can be obtained from AAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569391", "title": "Nagarjuna\u2019s Bhai to start in September", "text": "'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna's forthcoming movie \"Bhai\", to be directed by Veerabhadram Chowdary, is likely to go on floors in September. The movie, which would be produced by Nagarjuna himself under Annapurna studios, has a mafia backdrop and Nag will be seen as a don.Richa Gangopadhyay will be playing the female lead in this film, which will showcase Nagarjuna in a new avatar. Director Veerabhadram said that he has completed writing the script and is looking forward to wield the megaphone. Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "15563229", "title": "A day to say goodbye to old grudges. It's Eid today", "text": "GOA: With the coming of the new moon, the Eid festival marks the end of 'Ramzan'.It signifies the breaking of the fasting period, with the sighting of a new crescent moon in the evening, on the last day of 'Ramzan'. The celebration extends to a fiesta of three days and is also called 'Choti Eid', starting on the first day of 'Shawwal' (tenth month of the Islamic calendar), says Mariam Alladad Khan, a nurse from Vasco.Eidgahs are the places where 'Eid Namaz' is offered, but in cities which don't have 'Eidgahs', namaz is offered here on big open grounds that accommodates the entire Muslim folk of the city. Abdul Mubeen Ansari, Islamic scholar from Bihar explains, \"Maybe the celebrating cultures are different but the entire world offers two rakat thanksgiving namaz for Allah. During the entire namaz, Allahu Akbar (Allah is the greatest of all) is recited very loudly with full devotion recalling the glory of Allah.\"Mehveen Shaikh from Bicholim says, \"We have the Eidgah, which was built during the time of Adil Shah, on the cliff of a mountain surrounded by mining lands. The Namajga or Eidgah, which is older than the Portuguese era, accommodates the population of entire Bicholim taluka. Similar Eidgahs are also found in Mapusa, Margao and other places in Goa.Taffin Shaikh, housewife from New Vaddem, says \"The real fun is during the 'Choti Eid' when we visit our villages to extend Eid greetings. The children end up collecting huge amount of money, so they too are excited when visiting relatives.\" It is also a day of forgetting old grudges and ill feelings towards other fellow men. The first Eid was celebrated by the prophet Mohammad in the second year of Hijra in Madinah.\"Abdul Suyum Sayeed, a businessman from Khariawada, said, \"For a couple of years now, Eid comes along with the Shravan month. As most of the visitors are Hindu brothers, the menu includes a maximum of vegetarian dishes.\" His niece, Zaiba Sayeed, who is yet to celebrate her first birthday, will be celebrating her first Eid. \"She'll be wearing an Arabic gown with beautiful veil.\"Imam of Masjidul Abrar, Mohammed Zaffar Alam from Margao, said, \"On Eid day, the entire atmosphere is filled with love and brotherhood, you feel like we are of one parents. Even Allah wants his children to be one and live in peace.\" The markets are filled with bangles, 'mehendi', jewellery, dry fruits etc. The butcher shops were seen flooded with meat and chicken stocks. Muslims thronged the market especially after the moon was sighted.\"It is not just the rich who celebrate Eid lavishly, they are ordered by the Almighty, Allah, to also cater to the needy. It is compulsory for a Muslim to give Sadaqa-ul-Fitr (Zakat-e-Fitr) to the poor; that is 2.5 %of the total income,\" said Wasim Khan from Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15564177", "title": "Onam celebrations: Railway police to step up vigil during the festivity", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With increasing incidents of theft and pickpocketing being reported from railway stations during festive seasons, the railway police in Kozhikode is all geared up to put in place strict measures to ensure the safety of passengers.As part of keeping vigil against the gangs who are active in pickpocketing and robbery during festival seasons, the police will issue special notices for the passengers arriving at the railway station, regarding the safety of the baggage and other valuables.The notices will have the details regarding the precautionary measures to be taken by the passengers to prevent such criminal activities at the railway station.Special teams of police will be deployed at all the four platforms to monitor the activities of suspected persons and cops in mufti will be deployed in groups to keep a check on miscreants at entrances to the platfoems.\"The police have already sought permission from railways to issue notices to passengers and give frequent announcements regarding passenger safety through loud speakers at platforms,\" said Kozhikode railway police SI Sasidharan. He said pickpocketing and baggage theft are common incidents in railway stations during the Onam season, as there would be heavy rush.\"In a drive conducted last month railway police nabbed many who were engaged in pickpocketing. A squad of railway police boarded the trains from various stations and conducted checks,\" said the SI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15563151", "title": "Fire breaks out in school hostel, close call for kids", "text": "GURGAON: Fourteen students, including six foreigners, trapped in their school hostel, where a fire broke out on Sunday morning, were rescued, the fire department said.Most of children were asleep when the fire broke out at around 6.00 am. All the students, six of them Koreans, were safe, fire officer Birbal said. The fire erupted in the first floor of the three-storey hostel of Lancer International School in DLF V due to an electric short circuit in an air-conditioner, he said.Fourteen students, aged between 12 and 15 years, were trapped in the hostel building as it was locked from inside. Security guards, who used ladders to reach the first floor, broke the window panes to enter inside and rescued the students.Four fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the fire which raged for nearly an hour, Birbal added.\"Fortunately there were very few students in the hostel as the school was closed for holidays. Otherwise rescue operation would have been more challenging,\" said a security guard. \"As soon as we saw smoke coming out of windows, we called fire department and rushed to rescue the kids,\" he added on request of anonymity.One fire official said that even though the school had sufficient fire-fighting equipment, the security guards were not trained to use it. \"Such a fire could have been doused much in advance if the guards knew how to use the equipment. What is the point of having such infrastructure if people are not trained to make use of it in case of emergency,\" he said.When asked, assistant regional fire officer Mahendra Singh Bharadwaj said: \"There is a possibility that the staff was not properly trained to use the fire-fighting equipment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15562806", "title": "Signboards to help residents contact Noida babus easily", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration has decided to make babus more accountable to residents regarding any work being undertaken in the city. To assure better quality services in a time-bound manner, signboards are now being put up in prominent places displaying names and contact details of work circle officials as well as those of related departments in different residential sectors.Under this programme undertaken by the Noida Authority, signboards are being placed at the entrances of all residential sectors of the city. The boards display contact details of officials in charge of electricity, water supply, horticulture and health. The newly-launched customer care number of Noida Authority has also been displayed.Noida Authority says this step is aimed at improving transparency in its functioning as well as reducing frequent trips of residents to the Authority's office to get every minor problem fixed. \"The work has been undertaken upon directions from the CEO of the Authority,\" said A K Goel, CME (Civil).Residents can directly speak to the concerned official in case of problems like pot-holed roads, non-functional streetlights, poor water supply, under-maintained parks, overflowing sewers, broken drains, etc. Earlier, residents had to visit the Authority's office or make a complaint at their respective RWAs and depend upon the representatives to help get problems fixed.As that was a time-consuming process, with many residents unaware as to which department to contact for specific problems. Under the new system, officials accountable for each category of services have been named on the signboards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15562912", "title": "Ruckus in parents' meet after school proposes fee hike", "text": "AMRAVATI: A parents' meeting called by a private school in the city turned chaotic after some parents alleged that the school was hiking school fees illegally.The meeting called by Golden Kids School was held at a private hall on Sunday. Parents opposing the fee hike stated that the school was neglecting the government circular and orders of state government pertaining to fee hike. Shrikant Rathi, a parent, said, \"Taking cognisance of the memorandum we had given to the district administration, the collector had ordered action against the school. On August 14, education officer S Abhyankar issued a letter to the school that its proposed meeting was illegal. Despite this, the school convened the meeting on Sunday.\"Rathi said that the school has hiked fees from Rs370 to Rs500 per month without the consent of parents. As per rules, the school can propose hike according to meet its expenditure but the annual report of the school clearly indicates that school after its expenditure has saved Rs32 lakh in 2009-10 and Rs44 lakh in 2010-11. \"Hence on September 19 last year, the deputy director (education) had ordered the school not to hike its fees. The school has approached the court against the decision. If the matter is sub judice, how can the school hike the fees?\" Rathi asked. He also alleged that Gadge Nagar police tried to suppress the voice of the parents.Other parents such as Sangeeta Shinde and Yogita Patil raised other objections. They claimed that not many parents were informed about the meeting, which was deliberately held on Sunday so that not many parents would come.Headmistress Kanchan Pathak said that the school had not hiked the fees on the orders but had challenged the orders of deputy director (education) in court. However, she did not have a satisfactory answer when asked as to why the parents had created a ruckus in the meeting even though the school had not hiked the fees. \"I tried to explain the parents but in vain,\" she said.Meeting started with the chaotic note when school administration directly started discussion on fee hike subject. When parents opposed the fee hike and showed documents to school Headmistress kanchan Pathak that how fee hike is illegal the ruckus took place. Some supporters of the fee hike came on the stage and shouted on the parents who were opposing the fee hike meanwhile police too came on the stage and stopped parents to present their side, alleged parents.Shrikant Rathi, a parent talking to media persons after meeting said that firstly school has illegally convened the parents meeting. When school administration has called meeting for fee hike parents had opposed it and given memorandum to school management and district administration and education department. School headmistress, Kanchan Pathak along with the Harshada Pande secretary of LYJ Ladies club which run Golden Kids school, extorting parents financially, he said. Neglecting the government circular and orders of state government pertaining fee hike school has proposed hike. Taking cognizance of the memorandum which we had given to district administration collector has given order to take action against the school, said Rathi. Education officer S. Abhyankar on August 14 issued letter to school that meeting is illegal; On Sunday school administration convened the meeting without taking cognizance of letter of education officer. Rathi said that school has hiked fees from 370 to 500 without concerning parents. As per rule school can propose hike according to the expenditure of the school but annual report of the school clearly indicates that school after its expenditure has saved Rs 32 Lakh in 2009-10, 44 Lakh in year 2010-11 hence deputy director education on 19 september 2011 put enquiry on the school for fee hike and school approached court against deputy director's decision. Since matter is pending in the court how they can charge fees from students, asked Rathi. School has charged 600 Rs from students this year, he added.Rathi also alleged that Gadge Nagar police tried to suppress the voice of the parents.Another parent Sangeeta Shinde said that there were only few parents supporting fee hike while majority of parents have opposed it, rather those who were supporting were people close to school management in guise of parents. Parent of ex -student was supporting fee hike in the meeting, she said.Another parent yogita patil said that school deliberately conducted meeting on holiday so that less parents would come. she asked why school conducted meeting in dnyaneshwar bhawan in police security when school has its ground and hall as well.Ruckus actually started when one parent come on the stage and supported fee hike and said that those who cannot afford to pay hiked fee can cancel the names of their wards from school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15564237", "title": "Special Eid \u2018dua\u2019 for peace", "text": "GUWAHATI: With fear, unrest and violence gripping the state, this year's namaaz for Eid-ul-fitr would have a special 'dua' or prayer for restoring peace and harmony in the state.Anwar Hussian, the imam of the Bura (Jame) Masjid, one of the oldest mosques in the city, said, \"After the namaaz tomorrow (Monday) we would have a special 'dua' or special prayer for peace and harmony in the state. The namaaz would be at 9am, and after that we would conduct the special prayer or 'dua'. \"\"Assam is the state of Azan Fakir and Srimanta Sankardev and communal harmony has been one of our biggest strength. So, this Eid we would pray that the ongoing unrest comes to an end and things return to normal as the mindless violence will take us nowhere,\" Hussain said.People seemed less enthusiastic about the Eid celebration this year and the markets and shops are not witnessing the usual crowds. Milan Haque, a vendor selling delicacies like 'sewai' and dry fruits in Fancy Bazaar said, \"Last year, the market was packed with crowds a day ahead of Eid, but this time, the number of Eid shoppers is much smaller because there is an unspoken fear in everybody's mind that something might happen in the city too.\"\"Eid-ul-fitr is the most important festival for every Muslim and we celebrate it after month-long fasting or 'roza', so food is a very important part of this Eid. Delicacies like kebabs, sewai, korma, dates and other dry fruits are a must-have on Eid. But this time, people are probably keeping it simple as the situation is tense everywhere and the impact can be slowly felt in the city too. As far sales and business are concerned, it has not been satisfactory,\" he said.Shaheen Reza, a school teacher who was seen buying dry fruits for Eid, said, \"The enthusiasm amongst people is definitely lesser this time than previous years. When there are killings going on in the rest of the state and chaos in the country with people from the northeast heading back home in fear of a backlash to the ethnic clashes, people don't feel like celebrating. How can I celebrate Eid when people are dying every day? I just bought whatever is necessary and I hope things improve soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-20"}
