{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499820", "title": "Widespread protests against toll collection", "text": "KOCHI: There are widespread protests against the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI)'s decision to start toll collection for new bridges as well as to hike the rates where they are already collecting toll. The National Highway Protection Forum (NHPF) has decided to mobilize support from all the sections in the society, including the residents associations and merchants.The leaders of NHPF held discussions with various residents associations and merchants' outfits. \"The authorities are planning to charge a combined rate for Varappuzha and the new ROB at Edappally. This cannot be agreed to in anyway,\" said Francis Kalathinkal, district president, NHPF. \"Even if a motorist uses only one of these bridges, he or she will have to pay the toll for both bridges,\" he said.Meanwhile, the NHPF has intensified the agitation against toll collection at Paliakkara in Thrissur for Edappally-Mannuthy stretch of NH47. The agitators will start a secretariat march from Paliakkara on April 15. \"The march will reach Ernakulam district on April 16 and will conclude in Thiruvananthapuram on April 21\", said Francis.At the sametime, in Kumbalam toll booth, AIYF workers have organized protests against the hike in toll rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499924", "title": "With mercury peaking, fire units go mobile", "text": "CHENNAI: Summer is here and as the city swelters, blazes will break out spontaneously in dry fields and short-circuits will spark fires in buildings across the city. The fire and emergency services department says it is ready to deal with any contingency and has four mobile units on high alert in localities like Vyasarpadi, Vallalar Nagar in Mint and Srinivasapuram, areas that have many huts.Fire tenders will be kept on the ready from the department's Royapuram, Esplanade, Vyasarpadi and Mylapore stations . \"We are generally on high alert between February and May. Personnel will be asked not to go on leave as the city inevitably has a higher number of fire mishaps during this period ,\" said a fire department officer.Over 1,000 fire mishaps, including small, medium and serious incidents , were reported in the city from January through March. The city recorded 997 fire mishaps in 2011.\"Fire tenders are usually stationed near hutments. Now they will be on the move in vulnerable areas to respond to the emergencies with shorter response time,\" the officer said. Slums are more affected by fire than other areas. InChennai alone, there more than 940 fire prone hutments . \"When the department receives a distress call, it will relay the information to firemen in the mobile units,\" said Krishnamoorthy, a station officer. \"The control room can locate the mobile units using a GPS-enabled system and pass on the message to the fire tenders.\"Each fire tender is fitted with comprehensive fire fighting system and can hold 3,000 litres of water. \"The fire tenders have hydrants, pipelines, adapters, hoses, proper water storage facilities and fire pumps and sprinklers,\" the station officer said. \"The closest fire tender will fight the fire till other fire tenders arrive.\"\"Firemen expect an increase in distress call this season and we believe the mobile units will be very helpful,\" Krishnamoorthy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501920", "title": "Baba Azmi\u2019s short film wins award", "text": "While Shabana Azmi's silently-talented cinematographer-brother Baba Azmi's first feature film as director Man Bawra is held up by Farhan Akhtar's inability to play the lead, Baba has quietly gone and made a hardhitting short film entitled Conesty.This week Conesty won Baba the award for the Best Short Film at the Nasik International Film Festival. Proud sister Shabana just couldn't hold back her tears.Beams Baba, \"She has been urging me to direct a film forever. But you know how I am. My script for a feature has been ready for two years. But it has not taken off for various reasons. In the meanwhile I decided to make this short film of 21 minutes. I am overwhelmed by how well it has been received. It certainly encourages me to get on with my feature film.\"\"Conesty\" is a dialogue between a kidnapper played by a theatre actor Shakir Khan and his victim played by an NSD actor Omi.Explains Baba, \"There's no word like \"Conesty\". But I thought it described the whole cult of conning quite comprehensively. It's a story of trust and betrayal. When Vishal Vijay Kumar who wrote the film \"Thanks, Maa\" came to me with the script I was quite taken up and decided to shoot it . Believe me making a short film was quite a learning experience.\"Interstingly like most cinematographers turned director Baba has chosen not to do the cinematography of \"Conesty\". \"To handle both direction and cinematography would have been a bit too much. My assistant Shibu has manned the camera. When I make my feature film I won't be doing the cinematography either.\"Baba has been ready with the script for his feature film \"Man Bawra\" for two years. He is reluctant to discuss why it hasn't taken off. But it seems Farhan Akhtar whose Excel Entertainment was to produce the film, was unable to accommodate Baba's film in his schedule.Says a source close to Baba, \"Ghar ki baat hai. Therefore sensitive. Baba not only wanted Farhan to produce \"Man Bawra\" he also wanted Farhan to play the lead. Farhan unfortunately couldn't accommodate Baba's film into his schedule. He first got busy with acting in his sister's \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\" and directing \" Don 2 \" and then chose to act in \"Run Milkha Run\". Baba in the meanwhile is waiting for Farhan to free himself to work in \"Man Bawra\". So far Farhan has been unable to do so.\"At the moment Baba's script is pending in Farhan's production company. Says Baba, \"I'd rather not talk about. It will be made when it 's destined to be made.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498132", "title": "Coming soon: Medical plan for urban poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A health programme to take care of India's nine crore urban poor is all set to become a reality.The Union health ministry has sought time from the Expenditure Finance Committee (EFC) to present the final blue print of the National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) that will be rolled out by the middle of this year.Union health secretary P K Pradhan said the ministry is waiting to hear from secretary of the expenditure department.\"Once the EFC clears the proposal, we will take it to the Cabinet. Urban health will be taken up as a thrust area in the 12th Plan that will be rolled out soon,\" Pradhan said.NUHM also got the backing from finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, who during his Budget speech on March 16, had said, \"NUHM is being launched to encompass the primary healthcare needs of people in urban areas.\"Contrary to popular belief, the health standards of the urban poor in most cases are worse than their rural counterparts.According to the report of the Planning Commission's working group, headed by former health secretary K Chandramouli, on the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) for the 12th Plan, \"There are more than 2 million births annually among the urban poor and the health indicators in this group are poor.\" The group says around 56% deliveries among the urban poor take place at home. The under-5 mortality at 72.7 among urban poor is significantly higher than urban average of 51.9.About 60% urban poor children do not receive complete immunization compared to 58% in rural areas, 47.1 % urban poor children less than three are under-weight as compared to 45% in rural areas and 59% of the woman (15-49 age group) are anemic as compared to 57% in rural India.\"The invisibility of the urban poor has contributed to their exclusion from the public healthcare system till now,\" the group says.NUHM will be launched in 779 cities/towns that have a population of 50,000 or more along with seven mega cities - Mumbai, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad.The group says \"NUHM would be launched and kept as a separate entity in the 12th Plan. NUHM and NRHM could be merged in the 13th Plan.\"The NUHM will ensure health services for all urban dwellers - urban poor population, living in listed, unlisted slums besides all other vulnerable population such as homeless, rag-pickers, street children, rickshaw-pullers and other temporary migrants.\"Lack of economic resources inhibiting/restricting their access to private facilities, Illegal status, poor environmental condition, overcrowding and environmental pollution has further contributed to their poor health status. Further, no systematic investments and efforts have been made to improve health care in urban areas,\" the report added. Conservative estimates show that 38 crore people are living in urban areas, and it is projected to increase to 54 crore by 2050,\" the report cited.It added, \"This unprecedented urbanization brings with it influx of migrants, rapid growth of populations, expansion of the city boundaries and a concomitant rise in slum populations and urban poverty.\"As per NSSO estimates, urban poverty has risen from 15% in 1970s to 25% in 2004-05. The Planning Commission has estimated that 8 crore of the urban population is poor.So what's the plan under the NUHM? At the primary care level, one Urban Primary Health Centre (U-PHC) will be established for every 50,000 population. An Urban Social Health Activist (USHA) will be posted for every 200-500 households, and a Mahila Arogya Samiti (MAS) will be established for every 50-100 households. The MAS will be provided an annual united grant of Rs 5,000 per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12498689", "title": "Chhattisgarh: Forces break into Naxal headquarters", "text": "RAIPUR: A first-of-its-kind anti-Naxal operation has given a strategic entry for paramilitary forces in the Abujmaad forests in Chhattisgarh, considered the Maoist headquarters where there has been no presence of government for ages.Codenamed - \"Maad\", \"Kilam\" and \"Podku\"- the operation was monitored by CRPF director general K Vijay Kumar and its IG (Operation) in Chhattisgarh, Pankaj Singh, who decided on the plans to make forays in the jungles \"In all, the operations comprised CRPF officers, CoBRA and some state police - a total of about 3,000 personnel - their movements were monitored round-the-clock at make-shift headquarters,\" said Singh after the operation in which over 33 Maoists were arrested.Armed with a British-era survey of the jungle the forces combed the forests spread over 4,000 sq km and joining states of Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra during March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503019", "title": "Biebermania hits again", "text": "Justin Bieber , who's Never say Neverwas a rage, recently unleashed his highly anticipated brand new song titled Boyfriend. The song is already creating waves globally! The track is No 1 in 16 countries and top 10 in 31 countries so far.Boyfriend is Justin's lead single from his brand new studio album titled BELIEVE that is currently scheduled for a mid-June release! The phenomenon that is Justin Bieberhas sold more than 14 million albums and 26 million singles. He has over 18.5 million Twitter followers and 41.5 million Facebook fans from across the globe. He is one of the most viewed musician of all time on youtube with over 2.7 billion views.In June last year, The Canadian pop star was ranked No 2 on the Forbes list of Best-Paid Celebrities under 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498561", "title": "It's cool to be a quizmaster", "text": "If you think you have an unquenchable thirst for knowledge, a knack for facts, exceptionally good memory, unmatched communication skills and openness to learn anything new, infotainment is the way out. Although quizzing has been popular since ages, the stream has been elevated to a more glamourous and commercially viable option in the last few decades.Today, being a quizmaster is 'cool' and the glamourous role is attracting Gen-Y big time. Youngsters, holding degrees from prestigious institutions, are not only playing quizmasters at college-level quiz contests, but also inspiring to be the next Derek O'Brien, Siddhartha Basu or Giri 'Pickbrain' Balasubramanium of the quizzing world.21-year-old Rohan Ray of National Law School of India University (NLSIU) has been a quizmaster for six years now and says it gives him an adrenaline rush every time he is under the spotlight, conducting quizzes. \"It is fun to be a quizmaster. I have been conducting quizzes since I was in class XI. Unquenchable thirst for knowledge is the biggest advantage one can have as a quizmaster,\" says Rohan, who admires Siddhartha Basu for his knowledge as well as poise.To most of them, being under the spotlight is all about fun and satisfaction. \"I host quizzes not because I want fame. It comes to me very naturally and I enjoy taking the centre stage. I'd love to take it up as my career option, but it is too early to predict. As a quizmaster, I feel framing a question is most important. Questions shouldn't confuse participants,\" says Prateek Sharma, a budding quizmaster.These young quizzers also feel that to be a good quizmaster one has to be a competent communicator, an umpire and an announcer. One needs to be flexible and think on one's feet. Often a participant may surprise the host with an answer that is as correct as the one prepared by the quizmaster.Some TipsAccording to Deepak Thimaya, founder, Verbattle, a good quizmaster should not only appear intelligent, but be intelligent. \"There is a dearth of good quizmasters in Bangalore. There are hardly four or five and only two/three of them are good. The responsibility of making a quiz exciting rests with a quizmaster. So people who can package knowledge and entertainment well can be good quizmasters. A good host should make participants feel that they should have known the answer,\" says Deepak.There are immense opportunities in this field, he asserts. \"There is money, fame, knowledge, respect. A good quizmaster is always a notch above others. Derek O'Brien is one such example, who with his knowledge is not only known as the country's best quizmaster, but is also the adviser to the central government. That should be the knowledge level a youngster should strive for to be a good quizmaster,\" says Deepak.One cannot be trainedNo course is conducted to train youngsters in this field. Some of the key ingredients to be a good quizmaster are knowledge, good command on language, ability to connect with the audience, good diction, dash of humour and good balance of questions. Although research can be one area of training, the art can be honed by watching others hosting quizzesGiri 'Pickbrain' Balasubramanium | Bangalore quizmasterCollege CalendarRVCE organised a three-day quiz fest, 'Under the Peepal Tree', beginning March 30. The contest was spread over six quizzes, several informal quizzes, and prize money of Rs 1.2 lakh was up for grabs. With teams from some of the best colleges from all over India, the competition only got bigger.College CalendarRVCE organised a three-day quiz fest, 'Under the Peepal Tree', beginning March 30. The contest was spread over six quizzes, several informal quizzes, and prize money of Rs 1.2 lakh was up for grabs. With teams from some of the best colleges from all over India, the competition only got bigger.The annual techno-cultural fest of BMS college of Engineering, 'Utsav' will have quiz contests the over three days of the fest. The event that kick off on April 3 will have four quiz sessions - India quiz, sports quiz, entertainment quiz and open-general quiz. The sessions will be hosted by five young quizmasters from the BMS College of Engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499907", "title": "Summer camps rarely focus on overall development of kids, say experts", "text": "KOCHI: The summer camps might be a good opportunity to keep children engaged during their holidays, but experts point out that these camps rarely focus on the overall development of children. Most activity oriented camps provide training in specific sports or soft skills like memory enhancement, drawing and painting and music as parents rarely assess aptitude and talent of the child before enrolling him or her.According to Sreehari, clinical psychologist, Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences, \"Parents are eager to send children to these camps as it helps to create a basic awareness on the activities these camps promote. Often such camps fail to discover the underlying talents of the child or in providing follow up programmes.\"He said that the involvement of parents in these programmes was required for the overall personality development of kids. \"In case of children with behavioural disorders, constant interaction between parents and trainers or teachers is essential to help kids overcome their problems,\" he added.With umpteen number of summer camps being launched, city based psychiatrists add a word of caution for the parents. According to them parents should be cautious in selecting the right camp as these would have a lifelong influence on the child's mental wellbeing.Bindhu Menon, a psychiatrist with Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences said, \"Ideally summer camps are places where children get an opportunity to stay away from their homes and interact with a larger group. Here, it has become more or less like tuition centre where they learn a few things. This will not contribute to holistic development.\"Experts also remind parents to do a background checking of the summer camps. They should make an analysis of the nature of programmes offered, the manner in which they are conducted and also about the organizers.Rajan Mathai, a city-based psychologist said, \"It should help the child to develop social skills, team skills and help them resolve conflicts. Parents should be alert so that they can be saved from being exploited for the business interests of the promoters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12499519", "title": "BSF aspirants create ruckus", "text": "BAREILLY: Around 4,000 Border Security Force aspirants created a ruckus after allegedly being denied entry into the recruitment camp held in Bareilly on Saturday afternoon. Aspirants resorted to stone pelting at the railway cabin near Bithora railway station, located almost 25 kilometres from Bareilly. As the protests spread , movement of several trains was disrupted on the Bareilly-Delhi route.Agitated aspirants were disappointed as the duplicate copy of the admit card was not accepted due to no stamp from the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) office.Girish Chandra, inspector of Fatehganj (West) police station said, \"The angry youths squatted on the railway tracks and blocked the rail movement. They stopped the Ghazipur City Express, which was delayed for 40 minutes. The movement of Shaheed Express was also affected but after the intervention of government railway police, things came slightly under control.\" Ram Kumar, a gateman said, \"The aspirants badly damaged the instruments in the cabin and destroyed railway crossing, pulling it out from the pivot points.\"The railway staff also informed the RPF sleuths in Rampur and lodged complaint in this connection.An aspirant, Brijesh Kumar, a resident of Agra said, \"It's really disappointing that officials didn't accept our downloaded forms due to absence of stamp from the SSC office. Had we received the card, we won't have needed to download it from the net.\"Another agitated candidate from Lakhimpur Kheri, Prakash Singh rued, \"The SSC shouldn't have put the duplicate card on the site, when they were not to be accepted and invalid.\" Officials at the BSF centre, Bareilly refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12492907", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan gets nostalgic", "text": "Amitabh Bachchan has been on a rather relaxed mode lately after recovering from his surgery. Now, the actor is back in the thick of action as he will be the face of the IPL opening ceremony this year, which will be held in Chennai.Big B, who landed in Chennai over the weekend, said that the city was like his second home and reminded him of the many memorable shoots here, as Chennai was India's biggest film hub once upon a time.Bachchan will be taking the pledge on behalf of all the captains at the IPL opening ceremony this year. He will also be reading out a special poem on cricket which has been penned by Prasoon Joshi and set to tune by Raju Singh. With Big B kickstarting this evening, which will have Katy Perry as the finale , it is going to be one night that will leave fans satisfied, without a doubt!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500044", "title": "Fighting female foeticide", "text": "Ishita Uppal, a student of class X is raising awareness on the need to stop female foeticide. Aaditi Isaac reportsIshita Uppal, a student of class X, Little Flower Convent School, Panchkula, Haryana, has taken upon herself the responsibility to raise awareness on the issue of female foeticide by meeting young students and making them take a pledge to help stop the practice.\"I was 10 years old when I first read about female foeticide. I couldn't understand what it was; so I asked my father to explain what it meant. I researched on the internet, saw the statistics and decided to do something about it,\" says Ishita.In a span of three years, Ishita inspired 60,000 people to take an oath against the practice. Her efforts were rewarded when in November 2009 she set out on an expedition in seven districts of Haryana and one district of Punjab to deliver lectures on female foeticide and plant trees.\"The skewed sex ratio is a cause for concern. In certain areas in Bihar , for example, one woman is married to two men. Development of our nation has to include the development of women. We have to save the girl child and not look at her as a burden on the family. In order to change the mindset of youngsters, I make them take a pledge against female foeticide and talk to them about treating women with dignity. I conduct road shows and lectures on the importance of stopping the practice of female foeticide. College students also call me to be a part of their initiatives aimed at the welfare of the girl child,\" she adds.In 2009, the Chandigarh administration declared her Haryana's ambassador to lead the mission against female foeticide and global warming.Did she face opposition from her family? \"My parents always encouraged me. When I was out on the expedition and missed school, I would take extra classes to cover what I missed,\" she says.Ishita wants to become an IAS officer and contribute to the country. She is a finalist at the Pramerica Spirit of Community Awards 2012, which recognises students for their efforts in serving others through community service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12491132", "title": "I'm almost 40 and still struggling: Ranvir Shorey", "text": "Actor Ranvir Shorey, known for his power packed performances in \" Khosla Ka Ghosla\" and \"Mithya\", says he is still struggling to get good work in the industry at 40.Shorey made his debut in Bollywood with \"Ek Chhotisi Love Story\" in 2002 and starred in acclaimed films like \"Traffic Signal\" and \"Bheja Fry\". But the actor says he is yet to get a chance to prove himself.\"Even at 40, I am still a struggling actor. In our industry star kids are given opportunities. There is no dearth of films for them. I have done films like \"Ugly Aur Pagli\" and \"Mithya\" for which I was appreciated. But here am I finding it difficult even to get my films released. I am not getting a chance to prove myself,\" Shorey told PTI.The actor also resents the fact that four to five of his films have not yet been released and he does not even know the reason behind it.\"Four to five of my films are yet to be released. It is not that I have not delivered. I have, but my films are not seeing the light of the day. I don't even know why. It is very difficult for me. Even I have to pay my bills,\" the actor said.Shorey has also done small roles in a number of high profile films such as \"Jism\", \"Lakshya\", \"Singh Is Kinng\" \"Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd\" and Yashraj's \"Aaja Nachle\" but they failed to bring good assignments his way.\"The only reason I took up small roles in big banner films was in the hope to get the attention of other directors. I didn't mind taking on small parts. I do not have any regret about it but I fail to understand that why am I not getting good roles,\" he said.The actor and former VJ made his debut with \"Ek Chhotisi Love Story\" but it was not until 2006 that he got noticed in Dibakar Banerjee directed comedy \"Khosla Ka Ghosla\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497985", "title": "Special schools help autistic children stand tall", "text": "NAGPUR: Most people are devastated or even depressed on learning their child suffers from a learning disability. But a visit to Shakti Learning Centre and Research Institute is enough to pep up the most dejected parents.As the world celebrates World Autism Awareness Day, people working to educate autistic children speak of how they can be taught despite this learning disability.Run by the Mehta couple, whose son was diagnosed with Down's syndrome, the institute is testimony to the fact that with proper intervention and training no disability can cripple the future of a child. The school was started three years ago by Dr Deepa Mehta and Colonel Deepak Mehta on their son's birthday. When an apprehensive parent walks into the campus of the school, they point to their son, who is now pursuing his graduation, and also doubles up as a computer instructor at the institute.\"We lay a lot of stress particularly on developing individual skills of the children based on their intelligence quotient (IQ) scores,\" said Dr Deepa Mehta.\"We try to make them pass SSC and HSC examinations through National Institute of Open Schooling. In fact, we work with many CBSE schools in the city that admit children with learning disabilities to help these children cope with their studies in spite of their condition,\" said Dr Deepa Mehta.Her husband adds there is emphasis on acitvities like drawing, painting and music, often with the help of computers. \"We wish our students become independent in all aspects of life when they grow up,\" said the colonel.A similar story is narrated by Jyoti Phadke, principal of Sanmvedna, a school catering exclusively to autistic children. The six-year-old school has tried giving vocational training to most of its students after they complete the basic study module.\"Children in the 16-18 years age group are trained in simple skills like making paper bags, envelopes, block printing, etc. Though their inability to communicate well creates a lot of problems in the beginning, we take care of all their problems by providing special trainers who teach them on a one-to-one basis,\" said Phadke.She said that before Sanmvedna came up, most children suffering from autism were grouped with those suffering from mental retardation, despite the fact that the needs of children suffering from various conditions are very different.\"Other than the uneven intellectual growth and social development, children suffering from autism also face problems because their communicative powers are not well developed. However, that does not mean they are unintelligent. There would always be one thing they are exceptionally good at,\" said Dr Satish Mulay, president of National Institute of Psychological Medicine, which runs Mayflower School for special children.He said it is possible to build upon this gift, which may be music, painting or even mathematics, to empower these children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503298", "title": "Barkha Bisht has no time for TV", "text": "Television actress Barkha Bisht , who has previously been seen in Kitni Mast Hai Zindagi and 'Pyar Ke Do Naam - Ek Radha Ek Shyam' is too busy playing mommy in real life these days.Barkha Bishat and Indraniel Sengupta became proud parents to a baby girl, and Barkha is in no hurry to return to the small screen. The actress, however, shot for an item number for the movie Chhodo Kal Ki Baatein. The song titled 'Rum mein gum' has been choreographed by Saroj Khan.Barkha, besides being a TV actress, is known for her dancing skills, too. It can be remembered that the girl did an item number in Prakash Jha's Raajneeti, too. This time round, it was Saroj Khan who wanted her to be part of 'Rum Mein Gum'.While these one off assignments work well for Barkha, TV serials are quite time consuming and can wait till her daughter gets a little older.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499393", "title": "Travel agency owner's daughter elopes with cash &amp; jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: A 21-year-old science graduate from Maharani's College and daughter of a city-based travel agency owner allegedly eloped with her lover, and took away Rs 70,000 cash and jewellery worth lakhs from her house in Lalkothi police station area.The father lodged a complaint on Sunday after a youth called up his son-in-law (elder daughter's husband) and told that he and the girl were married and the family should not try to find them. The girl had been missing since March 29.According to the police, the girl, Suman Sharma (named changed) is a resident of Dhannadas Ji Ki Bagichi area. \"Suman had graduated last year. Her father is a travel agency owner. Her brother had died a few years ago and her elder sister was married. Suman used to take care of the household work,\" said Lalkothi SHO Haricharan Meena.The father had given Suman Rs 70,000 to deposit in the bank. He had got some jewellery made for Suman's marriage, which was kept in the almirah.\"Suman took the jewellery and the money, and disappeared,\" the officer said. The next day, the family received a call from one Umrao Singh who said he had married Suman.\"During preliminary investigation, it has come up that the youth is a resident of Anandpuri and worked at an automobile showroom in the city,\" said the officer.The family was planning for Suman's wedding, but it seems she liked someone else, the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503375", "title": "Should Ajay's mother welcome a 'gori bahu'?", "text": "A young, dashing, intelligent, affluent and aspiring NRI Ajay Sinha lands at the JFK International airport , America, with nothing but dreams to make it big. The spirited enthusiast wants to be a successful man, an entrepreneur, with budding talent ready to explode, full of vigor, enthusiasm and hope.At the back of his head, Ajay has memories of how he left his small-town home in Patna, India. How he had a hard time saying goodbye especially to his mother, whose tears couldn't stop flowing once she was at the airport and held a hug so tight to her son, it almost seemed to last till eternity!It brought back all the memories and cherished moments that Ajay had shared with a woman who always stood by him. It did not matter to her whether her son was right or wrong, when once his father scolded Ajay and tried to beat him up for a small mistake, she stood there like the Great Wall and made him retreat.Cut to US - Ajay, the young aspirant, lands a 6 figure job at 849 Madison Avenue, New York. He has been working very hard, trying to impress his bosses to make them realize his worth. Ajay is a professional import from India - land of the technocrats and whizkids who work tirelessly to make the great American dream come to life.In a very short span of time, Ajay makes a positive impact on everyone and gets the kind of appreciation and recognition that a desi hard-working go-getter deserves.Ajay now starts looking at life through a different prism. He starts realizing the colors seen through the prism mean much more than the ones that make a rainbow! Ajay sets his sights on Sophie Ross, a 'gori', who makes his heart flutter with her soft voice and smooth accent; not to be missed are her gorgeous deep blue eyes and impeccable complexion every time Ajay's eyes meets hers.Thankfully, as America is a land of extroverts, everyday Ajay is greeted with a warm smile and a tempting \"hello there\", from a woman who he thought wouldn't bother to notice him, just like all the other beautiful ones back in India.As conversations grow, office parties and meet-ups happen, Thanksgiving and Christmas celebrations take place, Ajay finally realizes that there's much more than what meets the eye with Sophie! Sophie listens to Ajay with great interest and curiosity! She wants to know so much about things like who he is and where he comes from? She enquires, \"Why do you guys eat with your hands?\", \"Why is the cow so sacred to you?\", \"Are there still snake charmers in India? I heard people in India are very spiritual\", \"I love Ayurveda and I do Yoga twice a week, you know?\"As a guy, Ajay is so touched by Sophie's politeness and honesty when she talks. He really begins to wonder if Indian women have lost this art of being polite and good mannered in their quest for equality? Has the new independent attitude (or arrogance?) taken a toll on their projected image of being really nice and hailing from a 'great culture' with strong values?Everything about Ajay and Sophie is so different! Ajay a teetotaler, Sophie loves drinking beer. He likes cricket, she watches Baseball and roots for Yankees. He's a vegetarian but she loves chicken. He likes Munshi Premchand while she loves Sidney Sheldon! He's brown, she's white. Ajay is from India - the land of billions, culture and history while Sophie is from US - the land of mighty, dynamic, adaptable and the future!Both of them are from such different worlds, more different than Mars and Venus!And finally, one day it happens! Ajay starts dating Sophie. What started as \"Let me see where this goes\" suddenly turns into \"I can do anything for you\" or even worse \"I can't live without you!\" Now this is something that even Ajay had not imagined in his wildest dreams. Yet, he falls head over heels in love with a White woman. As Ajay gets closer to Sophie, all his generalizations and perceptions about White American women being brash, rude and being full of themselves break one by one!No Sophie seems so different, so nice and simple! So Honest!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499359", "title": "Criminal found dead", "text": "PATNA: The police on Sunday recovered the body of a notorious criminal, Dipu Sharma, from a place falling under Bihta police station in Patna district.According to Danapur DSP Anil Kumar, Sharma was involved in several cases of murders and kidnappings. He had recently come out of Beur jail. Old enmity could be the prime reason behind his murder, he said, adding further investigation into the incident was on. According to Bihta police, Sharma's throat was slit open and then the body was thrown at an isolated place at Bihta. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499629", "title": "International status for Gahunje soon: Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The Rs 260 crore Subrata Roy Sahara Stadium at Gahunje off the Pune-Mumbai expressway received a major fillip to its hopes of becoming a Test centre after International Cricket Council president Sharad Pawar backed the move on Sunday.During a ceremony to inaugurate the stadium, Pawar assured that it would be awarded an international status soon.\"Ranchi, Rajkot and Pune are in line to acquire international Test and one-day status. On behalf of ICC, I request BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale to send us an application in this regard,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497997", "title": "NKP Salve passes away", "text": "NAGPUR: Former union minister and Congress veteran NKP Salve, who worked with three successive prime ministers Indira Gandhi , Rajiv Gandhi and PV Narasimha Rao, and headed the Indian cricket board, died in a hospital in New Delhi on Sunday morning. He was 91.A widower, Salve is survived by his son Harish and daughter Arundhati (Aruna Upadhyay). Harish Salve is a leading lawyer and a former solicitor general of India. Salve's body was flown to the city on Sunday night. It will be placed at the All Saints Cathedral from 9 am on Monday where a special mass will be held. Later, he will be buried at Jaripatka cemetery. He will be accorded a state funeral.Salve served central government in various capacities. Salve, born in Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh on March 18, 1921, was a cricketer at heart. On March 18 he was in the city for his birthday. \"He asked me to accompany him to Sai Baba temple that day,\" recalled city MP Vilas Muttemwar who said in Salve's demise Vidarbha had lost an able ally.Salve took part in the freedom struggle as a student leader. He practised as chartered accountant from 1949 to 1982. He was elected to Lok Sabha for the first time in 1967 from Betul and was in the house till 1977. Thereafter, he was elected to the Rajya Sabha for four terms (1978 to 2002).Salve was a minister of state (information and broadcasting) in 1982-83, an independent minister of state in charge of steel and mines in 1983-84, and minister of state for parliamentary affairs in 1984. He served as a cabinet minister (power) from January 1993 to May 1996. Salve was appointed chairman of the 9th Finance Commission.A keen cricketer, he was president of Vidarbha Cricket Association from 1967 to 1977. In 1982, he was elected president of Board of Control for Cricket in India and held the post till 1985. He was chairman of the India-Pakistan Joint Organising Committee for Reliance World Cup of 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498891", "title": "Smartphone users obsessive fiddlers, says survey released in Gurgaon", "text": "Vineet Gill | tnnGURGAON: Are smartphones making us dumb? Well, perhaps. It's difficult to say. But what's certain is that these all-knowing all-seeing devices might be turning us into a bunch of obsessive fiddlers. A research, conducted by Ericsson's ConsumerLab in several tier-1 cities, reveals that most of us just can't get enough of our phones, a fixation which is taking precedence over not just our social, but our personal lives too.The report, released last Friday in Gurgaon, says that 28% of the users are so \"genuinely engrossed\" in their smartphones all day, that they are oblivious to the existence of other people around. Other findings on how mobile technology has altered social lives include 34% of the users saying that the smartphone has 'encroached on quality time' with their spouses and dear ones. And 45% saying that they find it difficult even to \"think of going to sleep without my smartphone tucked by my side\".The study was part of Ericsson's annual consumer behaviour survey on smart devices and mobile broadband, which the researchers hail as the future of computing. \"We have done surveys around the world, in 70 countries. And these are specifically Indian insights on mobile broadband,\" said Pami Vadher, India head of the Ericsson ConsumerLab.Smartphones still have a limited reach in India, but industry analysts say that after the advent of 3G services in the country, the devices have snowballed in the urban markets. And according to Ericsson's survey, over 50% of the total 3G users comprise the new arrivals to mobile broadband, that is, those who took to it not more than six months ago. \"And the heaviest users of 3G data on mobile devices have been teenagers, between the age of 15 and 18 years,\" said Vadher.The rise of the smartphone has been largely aided by 3G technology, but researchers still claim that 68% of smartphone users are yet to switch to 3G, a void which is being idendified as a potential market for service providers.According to Ajay Gupta, head of strategy and marketing at Ericsson, mobile broadband has a long way to go and is the next level in India's 'telecom journey.' \"We have brought voice connectivity to nearly everyone. The next level is getting data connectivity that far, and this can be made possible only by wireless broadband,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503060", "title": "Kunal Kohli to return as judge", "text": "Actor Kunal Kohli , who is busy directing a film Teri Meri Kahaani with Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra, will return to the small screen once again sometime this year.When we caught up with the filmmaker, who has played judge in two reality shows before - Nach Baliye 2 and the children's reality show Ek Se Badhkar Ek, Kunal said that he enjoyed judging such shows, and that he may just be seen sitting in the judge's seat sometime this year, too.Kunal thought that judging shows was a 'fun job' and could easily be done in between films. the fact that it brings into the bank some extra, big moolah is another story altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503261", "title": "I don't endorse brands I don't believe in: Dia", "text": "For actress Dia Mirza , endorsing top brands is just not about being in the number game, but also about making a difference to society. That's what Dia told us while she was in the capital on Thursday for a Body Shop event.Talking about the brands she endorses, the actress said, \"The basic reason for signing up on any brand for me is that the ethos of the brand blends with what I believe in - be it Body Shop or Panasonic. I find it extremely discomforting to be part of a brand that I'm not proud of or that I don't believe in. So, for me, that's the first requisite, and I think I am really lucky to be associated with multiple brands that are do really well and genuinely make a difference to society. These brands are responsible, their CSR is really good and they give back to society. Environment too is very important for me and for them, so it's a win-win situation for me currently.\"But the brand ambassador says that effort has to be pitched in from both ends to make things work, and to bring about concrete change. \"You are just not a celebrity endorsing a brand,\" she says, adding, \"It's a cohesive effort that you and the brand need to make... Body Shop doesn't encourage falsehood. It doesn't ask you to wear tonnes of make-up 365 days a year. I don't do that. They ask you to focus on nutrition, something I truly believe in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12499666", "title": "Auto fares set to rise in city", "text": "MANGALORE: Auto fares in the city are set to go up within a month as auto LPG rates are hiked by Rs 6.80 across state.After the hike, auto LPG will cost Rs 52.27 in Mangalore and Rs 55.68 in Bangalore.The Bangalore Auto Rickshaw Drivers union will hold a protest against the hike at Mysore Bank Circle on Monday, demanding the state government to give subsidy to auto LPG fuel.B V Raghavendra, general secretary of the union, told TOI, \"The auto LPG rates were revised in the second week of March. However, we did not expect such a hike in auto LPG. If the government gives 50% subsidy for 6 litres of auto LPG, we will charge commuters less. It will be a win-win situation for both commuters and drivers. At present, both are being squeezed.\"In March, the minimum fare in Bangalore was hiked to Rs 20 (for first 1.8 km) from Rs 17, and the fare per subsequent kilometre was also increased from Rs 9 to Rs 11 in Bangalore.Bangalore urban deputy commissioner M K Aiyappa had said that the rates would remain the same for two years or until the gas and oil prices rise to Rs 70, whichever comes earlier. \"With this hike, the combined rate crosses Rs 70,'' said Raghavendra.\"Even the insurance rate will go up by 20% from this month,'' he added.In Mangalore, the fares were revised in October last year with the minimum now being Rs 17 (for first 1.5 km) and the fare per subsequent kilometer being Rs 12. L T Suvrana of auto union wants the minimum to be Rs 20 and the next stage hike to be at Rs 14/15.RTO Mallikharjun C said, \"We will have to consider their demand as the LPG rates have gone up steeply after the last hike.\"Suvarna has a charter of demands which states the rate of all consumables like oil, LPG, insurance, tyres, maintenance and driver wages have gone up after the last hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12499587", "title": "18th century Indian painting fetches $302,500", "text": "NEW YORK: An unrecorded portrait by 18th century artist Bagta, who was involved with the Maharanas of Udaipur and the Rawats of Devgarh in Rajasthan, sold for six times the estimated price at $302,500 at an auction here.The remarkable work and cover lot to Bonhams' Indian, Himalayan &amp; Southeast Asian Art sale last month dates back to 1808 and measures 16 x 22 inches.According to the auction house, this work is a rare representation of the larger scale depiction of Bagta (1761-1814 ). It had a pre-sale estimate of $30,000-50 ,000. The entire auction realized $3,203,225.The portrait of the imposing figure of Rawat Gokal Das celebrating holi with his consorts was consigned by a collector who bought the piece two decades ago for a modest $125. Bagta was featured in the exhibition which opened at the Museum Rietberg, Zurich , and is currently on display at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500084", "title": "Two years of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education", "text": "With a year left for schools to adhere to the norms under the RTE Act, Aaditi Isaac finds out what more needs to be doneIt has been two years since the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act came into force (April 1, 2010). As per RTE, every child in the age group of 6-14 years would be provided eight years of elementary education in an age appropriate classroom in the vicinity of his/her neighbourhood. All schools have been given three years (2013) to prescribe to norms and standards laid out in the Act, or they will not be able to function.However, many obstacles still remain for the successful implementation of the Act. One such challenge is rapid urbanisation. A recent Unicef report, 'The State of the World's Children 2012: Children in an Urban World,' states that India currently has an estimated population of 377 million people and by 2026, 40% of its total population is projected to be living in urban areas.Does urbanisation translate to better opportunities for learning for children? On the contrary, as many children instead of being in school, continue to beg and work for their livelihood. A case in point is the recent incident of a 13-year-old domestic help who was rescued from an apartment in Delhi, where she was locked and had been starving for three days, while her employers are out of town.Urmila Sarkar, chief-education , Unicef, says, \"Schools play a transformative role. Education is the key to prevent children from being in exploitative or vulnerable situations . We have to ensure that children are in schools and are safe. Child protection structures, too, need to be in place to ensure children do not fall through the cracks.\"On how safe are schools as incidents of children being hit by teachers still persist, she says that corporal punishment is banned under RTE, further adding, \"We need to find alternative means to discipline children without using the cane, and support teachers to promote positive behaviour change in the classroom.\"According to Rukmini Banerji, directorprogrammes , Pratham, one cannot have a fixed strategy to take children off the roads and place in a school set-up . \"One has to look at where they were and are and where they should be, and accordingly a strategy needs to be worked out.\" Ensuring that a child goes to school is not enough because a school building isn't enough for a child to be educated. \"What happens in the classroom is as critical,\" she adds.Both Sarkar and Banerji agree that the focus should be on learning outcomes. \"It's not enough to have children in schools; we have to provide the right learning support. Instead of being fearful of the system, children should want to complete their studies ,\" says Banerji.One way of ensuring this, suggests Rajat Khawas, principal consultant, Joint Policy Advisory Group, Manipal City and Guilds, is to recognise prior learning. \"Many children may have skills such as weaving, carpentry, etc, before they join a formal school set-up . These skills should be recognised, which would encourage the children to stay on in the system,\" he says, while reiterating the importance of vocational education.A National Stocktaking Convention on the Implementation of RTE Act will be held in the Capital on April 3 and 4.Leadership SchoolThe Shri Ram School and Aspen Institute , India will offer a two-week residential programme for students of class IX - XII, with an aim to imbibe leadership skills. The leadership school will also consist of exciting adventure sports and experiential training for participants, under the tutelage of Ajeet Bajaj, Padmashri awardee. The programme will begin from May 26 till June 9. For details, log on to www.aspireindia.orgGo GreenTo sensitise school students about pollution and its ill effects, Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt Ltd (TKM) initiated a campaign - Hybrid Craft Campaign - for students of Pathways World School in Noida. Through an interactive process, students of the age group of 12 to 14 years will be made to understand the details of hybrid technology, its benefits for the environment and the need to conserve fuel. Shalini Advani, director, Pathway World School, said, \"Our curriculum at Pathways lays emphasis on teaching students to think of green solutions to the ills of pollution. We are delighted with Toyota's imaginative initiative which introduces this new technology.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12497952", "title": "Ram Navami passes off sans untoward incidents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barring an inflammatory speech, Sri Ram Navami festivities went off peacefully in the Old City on Sunday. Amidst heavy police cover, a massive procession, comprising over 40,000 devotees, was taken out from Manghalghat to Sultan Bazaar and the festivities continued till late in the evening.The procession started from Mahakaleswari temple in Rani Avanthi Bai hall in Mangalhat at around 12 noon and passed through Begum Bazaar, Siddiamber Bazaar and Gowliguda before culminating at Hanuman Vyamshala grounds in Sultan Bazaar at around 9.30 pm. Police heaved a sigh of relief as the event was incident-free.The procession was headed by TDP corporator Raja Singh and senior police officers kept a close watch on his movements. Though Raja maintained his composure throughout the rally, visiting religious leader Sadhvi Prachi Devi made inflammatory remarks about Hyderabad police commissioner A K Khan during her speech at Begum Bazar Chatri. However, looking at the religious fervor among devotees, who cheered the Sadhvi with 'Jai Sri Ram' slogans, police did not interrupt her speech. Later in the night, the Goshamahal police said they would look into the video footage of her speech and take appropriate action.In several areas, the streets were decorated with flags and buntings even as residents came out in large numbers to participate in the procession. Small groups of motorists in several sensitive areas were seen shouting slogans as they zoomed past police who kept a watchful eye.While the shopping crowd was visibly thin on the otherwise busy Charminar-Madina stretch, those few who ventured out of their homes were caught unaware. \"We did not know that it could be this crowded today,\" said a visitor to Charminar after the procession had passed from the vicinity of the monument. Both the Charminar and Mecca Masjid did not see any dip in the number of visitors on Sunday. Traffic restrictions along the procession route threw traffic out of gear. Motorists heading towards the new city from the Old City were forced to take diversion via Afzalgunj towards Kacheguda. The procession reached Hanuman Vyayamshala grounds at 10:30 pm where VHP leader Surender Jain addressed the gathering.Police officers, who were on tenterhooks in the wake of recent communal violence in Sangareddy, breathed a sigh of relief as the day went off without any untoward incidents. Overall, 32 processions had taken place in the Old City, while 2000 police personnel were deployed in the area. The relief, however, is only temporary as police are keen to ensure that the upcoming Hanuman Jayanthi festivities also pass off peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12499281", "title": "Deputy SP Sawant\u2019s behaviour \u2018unwelcome\u2019: Inquiry committee", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police's sexual harassment committee inquiring into the complaint of sexual harassment by a lady police constable against Deputy SP Sambha Sawant has stated in its report that the conduct of the DySP towards the LPC was \"unwelcome, unwanted, unreciprocated, unprofessional and imposed\".\"The essence of sexual harassment is the unwelcomeness of the behavior. Thus it is the impact of the behavior on the victim rather than the intent of the perpetrator which is to be considered. The act of DySP Sawant was unbecoming of good conduct and behavior expected from a superior towards his subordinate,\" states the sexual harassment committee headed by DySP Rina Torcato.The 15-page report, submitted on March 7, recommended that fit action be taken against the DySP for if a senior officer is allowed to get away with behavior as complained, then \"female staff will be discouraged from lodging complaints of sexual harassment at workplace against their perpetrators\".Committee members have added that they are of the opinion that Sawant's acts can be termed as acts to intimidate the LPC and amount to unwelcome conduct of sexual nature.The LPC (who was then attached to crime branch and is now posted at police headquarters) had lodged the complaint with SP (crime) Mangaldas Dessai. The constable had alleged that while she was on leave the officer called her and asked her whether she was busy. She further alleged that when she informed him that she was going out with her family, the officer asked her to call him when she was free. As she didn't call him, the officer sent her a message asking, \"Are you busy?\" to which she didn't respond, the victim alleged.The constable further alleged that when she returned to work, the officer asked her why she didn't reply to the SMSs and asked her to go for a drive with him, which she declined. Later, when he met her on the staircase at crime branch, the DySP hit her on the head with a file, she alleged. Upset with this, she informed her husband who advised her to complain to her seniors.After a preliminary inquiry, crime branch handed the matter to the police's sexual harassment at workplace committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12499627", "title": "\u2018Consensual sex can cause as many injuries as rape\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Consensual sex can cause as many vaginal injuries in women as rape, according to a new study. Researchers at the University of Southern Denmark have carried out the study and found that vaginal injuries are as common among women who have had voluntary sex as among rape victims, 'Forensic Science International' journal reported.The study, in which the researchers compared rape victims with nursing students to come to their conclusion , casts doubt on commonly held view that vaginal injuries are evidence that intercourse has been forced. \"The findings are extremely interesting. The nursing students experience just as frequent vaginal injuries as rape victims, and so these injuries cannot be used for much more than to establish that intercourse has taken place,\" the 'Daily Mail' quoted lead researcher Birgitte Schmidt Astrup.She added that in cases of convictions based on evidence of vaginal injuries, there could now be discussions as to whether there have been miscarriages of justice. In fact, the study looked at 110 nursing students and 39 rape victims from Centre for Rape Victims at Odense University Hospital, all who whom were examined less than 28 hours after sexual inercourse. Results showed that vaginal injuries were found in 36% of rape victims and in 34% of the nursing students.The nursing students' results were not affected by whether they had engaged in rough or gentle sex, say the researchers. Rape victims were difficult to study in the same way, because they rarely remembered details of the attacks and didn't keep track of duration of assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "the secret behind jennifer aniston's rock hard abs, jlo's perfectly sculpted bum and angie's sinfully gorgeous right leg - why, it's the hollywood celebrity trainers of course! here's a quick sneak peak at some of the most revered trainers in showbiz and their exercise techniques", "code": "12503313", "title": "Hollywood celeb trainers", "text": "The secret behind Jennifer Aniston's rock hard abs, JLo's perfectly sculpted bum and Angie's sinfully gorgeous right leg - why, it's the Hollywood celebrity trainers of course! Here's a quick sneak peak at some of the most revered trainers in showbiz and their exercise techniques:Jennifer Aniston's yoga instructor: Many IngberJennifer Aniston swears by yoga and her regular workouts include: 22-minute cardio (treadmill and elliptical), followed by five Sun Salutations (Surya Namaskar), and then yoga poses - each to be held for 30-60 seconds over 8-10 repetitions.Jessica Alba fitness trainer: Ramona BraganzaThis mother of two has a body to die for and she likes to keep her workouts quick and snappy, with regular changes. An example of Jessica's circuit training routine is: Cardio for 10 minutes (treadmill), lunges while holding weights (10 to 12 repetitions), chest press (10 to 12 reps), tricep-dip (10-12 reps), followed by 30 crunches. Repeat the circuit three times to complete one workout.Madonna: Tracy AndersonTracy Anderson recently revealed the secret behind Madonna and Gwyneth Paltrow's \"teeny-tiny dancer-type\" figure. Anderson swears that her routine can bring anyone down to the aforementioned size. Her plan is as follows: During the first week: Make a 20-minute music playlist and do a different cardio activity (treadmill, jumping rope, running on a trampoline) for each song, follow it up with crunches - followed by toning exercises.Kim Kardashian: Gunnar PetersonKim's prized asset is her backside, and most of Peterson's workouts are an ode to that body part. However, that doesn't mean Kim doesn't pay attention to her other assets. Here's a short version of Kim's routine: Strengthening circuits - lunges, squats, push-ups, curls, shoulder presses and high kicks, accompanied by cardio like - jump rope, dance or jumping jacks.Angelina Jolie: Gunnar PetersonBack in the \"Salt\" days, Angelina Jolie's workout routine was kickass, and we mean that quite literally. From kick-boxing, to martial arts, to weapons training - she's done it all. Angelina also practices yoga regularly and her slim frame can be attributed to a high-protein diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498420", "title": "Health university wants to take ayurveda home", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) on Sunday organized a one-day workshop on the introduction to ayurvedic home remedies and diet at the Ayurvedic College, Ganeshwadi, in a bid to make ayurveda familiar among the masses, and specifically among women.University vice-chancellor Dr Arun Jamkar said that following the principles of ayurveda was a must for modern women considering rising negligence towards health in the modern lifestyle of nuclear families. \"Ayurveda is India's traditional medicinal system. Thus, it is the responsibility of all to support it and nurture it further. Ayurvedic medicines are extremely effective and if women are aware of them, they can definitely have a positive effect on the health of families,\" said Dr Jamkar.He said allopathic medicines were costlier and if food substances, herbs and spices mentioned in ayurveda were included in our diet, it could help everybody.Sharad Pathak, president, Ayurved Seva Sangh, explaining the importance of ayurveda in these days of changing lifestyle, said, \"Health is being neglected due to changing eating habits. Hence, it is important we include food in our diet after checking its medicinal properties to strengthen our immune system and prevent ailments.\"He said parents tend to give in to demands of their children, but they should take also cognizance of the harm certain things could do to their health. This, Pathak said, calls for women to be more vigilant about their family's health.Dr Archana Bhaskarwar spoke on ayurvedic home remedies, while Dr Ashutosh Yardi explained what we should eat and what we must avoid.Dr Shishir Pande demonstrated how we can prepare ayurvedic medicines at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12498136", "title": "Woman held for husband\u2019s murder", "text": "THANE: A 27-year-old housewife and her relative were arrested for allegedly killing her husband in their Kalwa home late on Friday. Badrunisa Khan, a mother of five, has reportedly confessed to the crime.The victim, Mohammed Safir Abdul Khan (40), used to fight with his wife over her alleged relationship with his nephew, Siraj Pathan (30). Pathan, his friend and Badrunisa allegedly killed Khan, stuffed his body in a gunny bag and dumped it on railway tracks near Parsik Hill tunnel. Khan had 26 cuts on his face and chest, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498882", "title": "45% cases in consumer forum against builders", "text": "On February 24 this year, the Pune District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum ordered a city-based developer to pay a compensation of Rs 50,000 and the suit cost of Rs 5,000 to a complainant for delayed possession of his flat.In another instance, the forum ordered a city-based builder to pay a compensation of Rs 25,000 and Rs 1,000 for expenses incurred on court proceedings to a complainant also for delayed possession of his flat.Every year, cases against builders/developers witness a 15 to 20% rise, say officials of the Pune District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, popularly referred to as consumer court. If data from the forum is taken into account ever since it came into existence in 1988, maximum number of cases has been filed against builder/developers.Of the 5,604 cases against major sectors such as banking, medical, telephone, insurance, electricity, airlines and railways, 45% are against builder/developers. What's more, in almost 95% of the cases, the verdict was in the complainant's favour.Officials from the forum said that out of every 10 complaints that are filed, six are against builders. \"Compared to other cities, Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur have seen a significant rise in consumer complaints against builders. These cases have been on a steady rise since the past ten years, even more so during the last two to three years. Since the advent of IT sector in the city, the demand for flats has risen leading to numerous stand-offsbetween the housing sector companies and consumers on various issues,\" said the official.\"The forum's records from 1988 to February 2012 reveal that out of the nine categories against which these complaints are filed, 'housing (builder/developer)' accounted for 2,511 complaints, the 'insurance' sector followed next with 1,148 complaints, followed by 'banking' with 864 complaints. Similarly, 661 complaints are against the 'electricity utility', 175 against 'medical establishments', 58 against 'railways' and 26 against 'airlines',\" said the registrar of the forum. The 'others' category had 9,081 complaints, but this group is an amalgam of several small and miscellaneous sectors like furniture shops, white goods shops.Of the 2,511 cases against the 'housing' sector, 2,187 have been disposed of since the inception of the forum here, while 324 are still pending. \"Complaints range from delayed possession of the house to the builder increasing the price of a flat and terminating an agreement unilaterally to charging more than the price quoted at the time of the deal and numerous other actions,\" the official said.CREDAI-Pune Metro director general D K Abhyankar said that the association's grievance cell, which has been established to resolve such grievance/ complaints amicably, received 24 such complaints in the past two years. \"We get 12 to 13 such cases every year consistently. The housing sector is close to everybody's heart. A house is an investment and people take issues related to their place of residence seriously. Hence, such complaints. Customers come to us with complaints seeking refund of the amount paid, inconvenience caused due to architectural changes in the flat, delayed possession and the like,\" he said.Abhyankar added that at times the fault lies with both the parties, and that it was unfair to blame just one side. \"We call both the parties and resolve the problem amicabl. We, however, do not take up issues that have already been referred to a judicial authority,\" he added.Suryakant Pathak, president, Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, said, \"We received about 58 complaints against builders in 2011. Interestingly, we received as many as 202 complaints against a single builder during the past three months. Reasons vary from builders employing unethical methods such as changing the agreement format according to their convenience to not providing the amenities promised in the agreement. Delayed possession, failure to give the conveyance deed and selling a single flat to more than one buyer are some other complaints against builders.\" Pathak said that the lack of members who are to give the verdict can lead to pendency of cases.On the enforcement of the forum's orders, he said that most of the orders passed by the forum are abided by. \"However, some pro-consumer orders are not followed. After the centre amends the consumer protection Act, this could change and the district forums could get the powers of the civil and criminal courts to enforce the orders,\" said Pathak.Mohiniraj Onkar, vice-president, Grahak Panchayat Pune Mahanagar, further attributed the pendency of cases in the district forum to the high number of cases that come here as compared to those in other district forums. \"In addition, the appointment of members delivering the verdict does not take place on time, due to which, the forum stays shut for months at times,\" said Onkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499510", "title": "Over 30,000 appear in All India Pre Medical Test", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over 30,000 candidates at 47 centres in Lucknow appeared for the preliminary test of All India Pre Medical Test (AIPMT) 2012 on Sunday. Scheduled from 10.00 am to 1.00 pm, the exam conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), passed off peacefully at all centres.The preliminary exam consisted of one paper containing 200 objective type questions (multiple choice) from physics, chemistry and biology (botany and zoology). The students answered the questions on a specially designed machine-gradable sheet, popularly called as OMR sheet. After the medical aspirants walked out of the examination halls, there was a mixed reaction from them. While few candidates overwhelmed with joy as they felt exam paper quite simple, few others were blank. \"The biology section was simpler than the other two,\" said Kumar, as aspirant.Candidates who qualify the preliminary exam will appear in the AIPMT final exam scheduled on May 13. There will be one paper containing 120 multiple type questions. As per CBSE coordinator, Lucknow, Jawaid Alam Khan, the exam went off peacefully. \"No problem was reported from any centre,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497899", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gets more time for JNNURM works", "text": "NAGPUR: There's some good news and some bad news for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The good news is that the Central government has extended the deadline of completing projects under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to December 31 from March 31. It has also approved 24.40 crore for the projects. The bad news is that there is no chance these projects would be completed even by new deadline.The Centre had approved 19 projects under JNNURM, 18 for NMC and one for NIT. 1,284.84 crore were approved for NMC and 296.39 crore for NIT for these projects. Though there were different deadlines for individual projects but NMC missed all of them. The final deadline for completing all projects was March 31, 2012 as JNNURM itself was ending that day.The NMC could complete only four projects by March 31. It was already clear that the projects would get an extension as not just NMC but most civic bodies in the country had missed their deadlines. Union minister for urban development Kamal Nath had indicated extension during his visit to the city in 2011. The NMC has now been directed to complete the remaining projects by December 31. However, even this may not be possible.An official said that NMC may complete 5-6 more projects by that date. \"Several problems are plaguing the projects. Some have been delayed for clearances. The implementation of necessary reforms is a big challenge. NMC is unable to do that,\" he said.Meanwhile, Central Sanctioning and Monitoring Committee, JNNURM, approved release of next installments for three projects. 10.27 crore for Kanhan WTP, 13.07 crore for Part-4 of Pench IV project and 1.06 crore for Mangalwari Railway Overbridge.With this, the state government will also pitch in its share of 24.40 crore as well.Earlier, the NMC had got approval for 3.12 crore for pilot project of 24x7 water supply scheme. Besides, 25.82 crore were also released by the Centre immediately.Status of JNNURM projectsProject Status24x7 pilot project 68%24x7 main project 1%Anand Talkies RUB53%Maskasath ROB11%Itwari ROB77%Mangalwari ROB92%Pench-IV part-183%Pench-IV part-240%Pench-IV part-375%Pench-IV part-480%NIT water project68%City Bus Service80%e-Governance80%Ram Jhula81%Bhandewadi STP7%(Data from status report of JNNURM)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501806", "title": "'Housefull 2' on record breaking spree", "text": "If the criteria for a film's popularity is the number of trailers that are attached to it, then Sajid Khan and Sajid Nadiadwala's \" Housefull 2\" is the most popular film of all times.There are a record-breaking 6 trailers already attached to the film with chances of at least 2 more being finalized in the next 24 hours.Apparently the wannabe-attached trailer-queue has been progressively reaching an epidemic proportion. Nadiadwala is at a loss as to how to stop the flow.\"Main kisko na bolun (whom could I say no to?). They're all friends asking to be a part of \"Housefull 2\". I'd love to have all the trailers. But if we allow them all there will be more trailer-time than feature film ,\" laments Nadidawala.For now Nadiadwala has greenlighted 6 trailers... Prabhu Deva's \" Rowdy Rathore\", Kunal Kohli's \" Teri Meri Kahani\", Ekta Kapoor's \" Kya Super Kool Hain Hum\", Shoojit Sircar's \" Vicky Donor\", Supavitra Babul's \" Bittoo Boss\" and Priyadarshan's \" Tezz\".The request for two of these trailers to be attached came from Nadiadwala's leading men.Apparently Akshay Kumar and John Abraham's requested Nadidawala to let \"Rowdy Rathore\" and \"Vicky Donor\" be attached.And that isn't the end of the story. There are at least five more producers-directors insisting to let their trailers be attached to \"Housefull 2\". Nadiadwala would take a call on their fate in a day's time.The problem is \"Housefull 2\" is already a lengthy 2 hour 30 minute film. 6-8 trailers would bring the complete playing-time to nearly 2 hours 45 minutes.\"I've never felt more helpless. Evry producer who wants his trailer with \"Housefull 2\" is a friend. It's truly a compliment to our film. Never before has any film been swamped with so many requests for trailers to be attached. I'm touched and flattered. But as the number of trailers grow I feel the trailers are not attached to \"Housefull 2\". It's the other way around. \"Housefull 2\" is attached to the trailers,\" quips Nadiadwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504237", "title": "Total Recall", "text": "CreditsDirector: Len WisemanCast: Colin Farrell, Kate Beckinsale , Jessica Biel , Bryan Cranston , John Cho , Bill NighyGenre: ActionRelease Date: August 3, 2012SynopsisTotal Recall is an action thriller about reality and memory, inspired anew by the famous short story \"We Can Remember It For You Wholesale\" by Philip K. Dick.Welcome to Rekall, the company that can turn your dreams into real memories. For a factory worker named Douglas Quaid (Colin Farrell), even though he's got a beautiful wife (Kate Beckinsale) who he loves, the mind-trip sounds like the perfect vacation from his frustrating life - real memories of life as a super-spy might be just what he needs.But when the procedure goes horribly wrong, Quaid becomes a hunted man. Finding himself on the run from the police - controlled by Chancellor Cohaagen (Bryan Cranston), the leader of the free world - Quaid teams up with a rebel fighter (Jessica Biel) to find the head of the underground resistance ( Bill Nighy ) and stop Cohaagen. The line between fantasy and reality gets blurred and the fate of his world hangs in the balance as Quaid discovers his true identity, his true love, and his true fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12499565", "title": "Life blossoms again in ravaged aravallis", "text": "The stone quarry pits near Vasant Vihar used to cloak the area with dust and reverberate with sandstone blasting. Today, orchids dot some of these pits.Hidden from the public eye, scientists are experimenting to reconnect the ravaged land to the Aravalli ecosystem. Plant species from the Aravalli forests in Rajasthan and Gujarat are being grown in 'biotic communities' . Birds, insects and animals typically found in the Aravallis have started inhabiting the abandoned mines. The Centre for Environmental Management of Degraded Ecosystems (CEMDE) of Delhi University is implementing the project for Delhi Development Authority. Scientists say the project can be a model for mining-ravaged areas of the country.Aravalli Biodiversity Park-located near the residential colony at Poorvi Marg in Vasant Vihar-is an experimental forest that is home to blue bulls, porcupines, jackals , palm civets, and a variety of rare birds, butterflies, insects and plants. It is not yet open to the public.\"Delhi has been deprived of some of the most important plant and animal species due to rapid urbanization. CEMDE is imparting the expertise needed to bring those species back to the city. Work on the first plantation started in 2005, and gradually 15 to 16 forest or biotic communities were formed,\" says scientist-in-charge , Aravalli Biodiversity Park, M Shah Hussain.Biotic communities are a group of interdependent organisms inhabiting the same region. But getting these species here was no easy task. Scientists mapped the entire Aravalli range to decide which species may be grown in the 629 acres of space available to them in the abandoned mines.\"Species from the Aravallis were regrown after surveying the soil type, temperature and gradient. When we first came here there were only 25 butterfly species, so we planted about 400 host plants for them. Now there are 95 butterfly species in the small conservatory we have developed in one of the mining pits,\" says Hussain.The Aravalli ecosystem is best replicated in the case of birds. The Indian Black Eagle was recently spotted at the park, after not being seen in the city for 90 years. Other big birds of prey like the Eurasian Eagle Owl, Serpent Eagle and Shikra add to the richness of the ecosystem.The park also maintains a forest ambience, with the temperature lower during summer, and higher in winter. \"The temperature recorded during winter was about four degrees higher than that seen outside the park, and five to six degrees lower during summer,\" says Hussain. The quarry pits will play a significant role in rainwater harvesting and will recharge the groundwater aquifers in Delhi . \"Apart from trapping pollutants, we are hoping that this forest patch will prevent gradual desertification of Delhi,\" he says. The stone quarry was owned by the Scindias, who had dug deep pits to mine Badarpur sandstone , mica and china clay. Some of the pits seemed to have a temperature and moisture level conducive to the growth of orchids. \"We have studied these pits and their exposure to sunlight. We brought orchids from Mount Abu and made a small orchidarium here to see if it works,\" he adds. While the scorching summer of Delhi is known to sap all life, the conditions in the pit will keep plants from wilting.The rains-July to Novemberis the time you can see the forest in all its splendour. But even during other seasons, you will find a number of peacocks and birds to feast your eyes on. There is a profusion of native plant species miswak, chironji , tesu, Kadam and tendu.Head of CEMDE, C R Babu, says so far about 400 acres has been restored . \"Though linked to ecotourism , the park is self-sustainable . It will rejuvenate itself like a natural forest,\" he says. As of now there are around eight scientists, eight supporting staff members, and 90 gardeners at the park research site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499039", "title": "'Youths willing to take shortcuts for easy money'", "text": "PUNE: Craving for material things and the rising tendency to show off one's belongings are among the many reasons cited by experts for instances of anti-social behaviour among teenagers. A family system that is communicative, tolerant and non-violent has less chances of nurturing criminal behaviour among children.\"Youths are willing to take dangerous shortcuts to make easy money. They can go to any lengths to finance their lifestyle - girlfriends, latest mobile phones, parties... Urbanisation and society's over-the-board materialistic approach are at the heart of the problem,\" said senior psychiatrist Vidyadhar Watve.Another well-known psychiatrist Hemant Chandorkar said, \"Youngsters are lured with temptations that are visible but not accessible. As a result, those who have a low aversion to risk and a high need to seek thrill take to crime. Youths have a strong penchant for splurging money on material things. Their aspirations are often beyond the means of their parents. Youngsters want to spend more money than their friends. Thus, the cycle of crime begins,\" Chandorkar said.Psychologist Sujala Watve, however, points out that parents' tendency to overlook devious behaviour in children may lead to building up of criminal behaviour. \"It is often seen that parents tend to cover up the child's devious behaviour. For example, excessive stubbornness in a child is often dismissed as a fallout of being an only child in the family. Over time, this tendency to seize and own things in a child may foster criminal behaviour. Such a child requires corrective measures and counselling from an expert. But this gets overlooked,\" Watve said.\"Criminal behaviour does not develop overnight. The reasons are multi-factorial. Family and education system are equally responsible,\" Watve said.Psychiatrist Manjiri Dixit said, \"Today, the education system is more syllabus-oriented and there is a lack of person-to-person communication in families. Earlier, parents narrated stories and spent more time with their kids which helped inculcate the understanding of good and bad things in their wards. Now, with both parents working, such quality time is hardly available.\"Besides, for youngsters today, peers are the source of self-esteem. ''Peer group assessment is all that matters to them. When teenagers with anti-social behaviour team up, they gather courage to venture out to commit crime,'' said psychiatrist Himani Kulkarni.\"Most of the times they don't feel guilty about hurting others. This is mainly because they don't have role models in their parents, who are too busy in their own world and try to replace love with material things,\" said Kulkarni. Lack of communication with parents and teachers also contribute.Sociologists say that crime, like any other individual action, is propagated by a society which has weak support systems and very relative definitions of right and wrong.The feeling that they can get away with any crime adds to their aggressive behaviour. They grow up in an environment where distortion and manipulation of the law is common. So, they don't mind going against the law, experts say.A family system that is communicative, tolerant and nonviolent has less chances of nurturing criminal behaviour. ''The education system should help young people explore their identities in multiple ways and not just educational or extra-curricular performance,'' says Chandorkar.''Schools should have well-trained counsellors. When there is a problem or crisis, there should be someone to listen and counsel them. It is also very important to teach anger management to youngsters today,'' said paediatrician Sharad Agarkhedkar, former president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499567", "title": "Zafaryab Jilani appointed as additional advocate general of Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior advocate for the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court and convener of Babri Masjid Action Committee (BMAC) Zafaryab Jilani was appointed as the additional advocate general of the Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday. Jilani's own initiative led to the formation of BMAC in 1986 with the help of Azam Khan who is now one of the senior-most members of Akhilesh Singh Yadav's cabinet.Jilani looked pleased over his appointment as the additional advocate general and said he was well aware of the responsibilities and seriousness that his new assignment involves. Jilani was born in 1950 in Malihabad, a small township on the outskirts of the state capital, popular for its mango orchards. He has a master's degree in law.His active participation in issues related to the Muslims brought him close to the All India Muslim Personal Law Board in 1978. By 1985, he became a member of the Board. His role was soon recognised and he was made the convener of Personal Law Board Action Committee on Shah Bano case. Two years after the BMAC came into being, it turned into a national level organisation and was renamed as All India Babri Masjid Action Committee and Jilani was chosen for the national level convener's post.A leading activist on Muslim issues, 62-year-old Jilani is also a member of the executive committee of All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) and a leading personality on Muslim personal law and its issues related to the Indian Penal Code (IPC). He has been engaged in several non-governmental organisations including Anjuman Islahul Muslimeen - a 100-year-old establishment which runs three colleges, a cemetery and an orphanage for both girls and boys, besides taking care of unclaimed human bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12498707", "title": "Saharans in learned company", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Reading books is a passion for this couple. Jeena and Mohit Saharan, residents of Sarabha Nagar, are proud to have a huge collection of about 1,000 books. From fiction, non fiction, lifestyle to travelogue and spiritual, you name it and the couple has it all in their library at home.Jeena likes reading all types of books, her businessman husband Mohit is very fond of reading fiction. According to the couple, ''Reading can be a very enjoyable and entertaining activity, besides being educational. These days there is so much of variety in market that event the pikiest reader can enjoy. For us reading is like second nature, its a passion and necessity at the same time.''And it all started at a very young age for Jeena. Mother of two children, Mannat, 9, and Rajveer, 7, she said, ''I developed a habit for reading when I was very young. And when I was pursuing Bachelors in Arts in Economics, I started collecting books. I like all types of books including spiritual, motivational, historical, astrological, lifestyle, cookery, multimedia and biographies, and have collected a lot of books on these subjects.''A walk into the couple's reading room one of the thing that catches the eye is the section which holds a huge collection of books on spirituality. Jeena says, ''I have huge collection of books on spirituality, but the ones closest to my heart are my collection of Osho Books, ''Laws of the Spirit world'' by Khorsheed Bhavanagri, ''The Fakir'' by Ruzbeg N Bharucha and ''You can heal your life'' by Louise-El-Hay. I also have motivational books with my favourate being ''The Power of Now'' by Eckhartcolle, ''Chicken Soup For The Soul'' and ''Only love Is Real'' by Dr Briane.'' Her collection also has a wide range of books on numerology and astrology. ''Among books on astrology and numerology, I have ''Terri Kings Astrology'' by P Khurana and ''Numerology'' by Harish Johar. I also have many books on lifestyle which include, gardening and landscaping and interior decoration books.''And with almost everything covered how can one forget Bollywood and Hollywood. Jeena adds, ''I also have books on the film industry which include ''The Film Book'' by Ronald Bergan. I also have biographies of famous personalities like Beatles, Elvis Presley , Micheal Jackson, Madonna and Marlin Monroe.''Among her collection also sits a variety of cookery books. ''I love cooking and innovating with food. I like to learn and try out new dishes for my family. I have a good collection of cookery books including books by famous chefs Sanjay Kapoor , Tarla Dalaal and Neeta Mehta.'' Mohit Saharan who has studied Bachelors in Commerce, said, ''I prefer light reading and so I like fiction novels. My favourite authors are Jeffrey Archer , John Grisham , Paulo Coehlo, Elizebath Gilbert, Danielle Stelle, Sydney Shieldon and Chetan Bhagat. I have almost all the books of these authors and have read most of these. At present, I am reading ''Revolution 2020'' by Chetan Bhagat. Passing on the good habit to their children, the couple believe that the habit for reading should be inculcated at a young age. ''Our kids also love reading now so we also have a collection of short story books including books by Charles Dickens and Enid Blyton and Adventures of Tin Tin. We also have volumes of Guiness Book of World Records from 1987 onwards.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12498739", "title": "Police clamp down on illegal lottery sale", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Cops in the district have launched a major crackdown on illegal sale of three and four-digit in rural areas.On Saturday night, the police arrested two persons in this connection from Mayyannur and seized nearly Rs 2 lakh during raids at two lottery agencies run by them at Vadakara.The two arrested are P Sajithraj of Puthuppanam and P Shajin of Mayyannur. Sajithraj runs the Dhanalakshmi Lottery agencies and Shajin manages the PK Lottery agencies. The arrested were later released on bail.The surprise move by cops comes in the wake of information that lottery agents and buyers are using text messages to share secret notes and evade the cops. The police is also investigating sale of other state lotteries which don't have legal permits.P M Manoj, Vadakara SI, said both agencies have been selling three and four-digit lotteries worth Rs 45,000 every day mainly to daily wage owners.Of late, police have been finding it hard to garner evidence against illegal lottery operators as most of them use mobile phones to communicate their favourite numbers.Price money and the amount for the lottery is collected from different locations to evade cops.Instead of handing over the tickets, these agents collect in writing or in sms format the favourite numbers of their clients. If the number matches with the last three or four digits of the lotteries drawn in other states, the winner will be given Rs 5,000.The draw is held around 3 pm every day and the results are announced in the internet. The agents communicate to the winners over mobile phones.The numbers are sold for different prices varying from Rs 20 to Rs 50. Many of the ticket buyers spend hundreds of rupees every day buying dozens of numbers.\"Use of mobile phones makes it difficult to nab the culprits but we have got some leads,\" said the SI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498482", "title": "Nashik to get cyber cell", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to curb cyber crime, the Maharashtra government on Saturday announced that it would set up five more cyber cells in the state.\"The cyber cells will be set up in Nashik, Nagpur, Aurangabad, Pune and Kolhapur mainly to curb cyber crimes like data theft and hacking,\" minister of state for home Satej Patil said in the legislative council in Mumbai.Opposition leader Vinod Tawade had raised the issue of cyber crime and pointed out that the website of Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University was recently hacked by people from Pakistan.Replying to Tawade's charge, Patil said, \"Prime facie it was revealed that the IP addresses of the hackers were traced to Karachi and Lahore in Pakistan and further investigations are on.\" Cyber cells are functional in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499495", "title": "CM announces to set up Urdu medium schools", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urdu medium government schools at primary, middle and higher secondary levels will be set up in Muslim dominated areas across Uttar Pradesh, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav announced on Sunday. At a meeting with Moallim-e-Urdu Welfare Association, the chief minister announced that he would set up Urdu medium schools in Muslim dominated areas to promote the language, informed Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary.Akhilesh, who met the delegation at his official residence, said that knowledge of Urdu language would help people get jobs and budgetary adjustments would be made for providing technical education in Madarsas. He said the state government would create pressure on the Centre for implementation of recommendation of Rangnath Mishra commission and Sachar committee report. He said recommendations which could be fulfilled by the state government would be implemented at the earliest.On the issue of reservation to Muslims, he said that in the light of Sachar committee report considering Muslims to be most backward in terms of socio-economic and education point of view, separate reservation would be given on the basis of populations like dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498836", "title": "Over 3 lakh challans issued for traffic violations in 2011", "text": "GURGAON: The city traffic police issued almost twice the number of challans in 2011 as compared to 2010, amounting to Rs 12.1 crore, three times more than that of the previous year.In 2010, the traffic police earned Rs 4.03 crore from a total of 1,61,268 challans issued including paid, unpaid and those sent to the court. In 2011, the number of challans issued rose to 3,08,951, making the traffic department richer by Rs 12.10 crore, almost three times the previous year.From the total, the traffic police collected Rs 3.08 crore from 1,22,842 challans in 2010 at its office, while in 2011, the figures stood at Rs 5.43 crore from 2,56,403 challans.On an average, over 25,000 challans were issued every month in 2011. The challans were issued primarily for violations like wrong parking, riding without helmet/seat belt, dangerous driving, wrong-side driving and drunk driving.The highest number of challans (75,909) was issued for wrong parking followed by riding without helmet (48,313) and without seatbelt (42,722). The traffic police in 2011 high numbers of challans for the respective offences of dangerous driving (23,912), violation of mandatory road signs, and markings (4,343 and 3,970). The respective figures for 2010 were 13,334, 15 and 5.The cops issued 5,137 challans in the case of heavy vehicles not sticking reflective tapes on them compared to just 18 in 2010. Last year, several accidents took place when a driver could not see a parked heavy vehicle on the road and rammed into it.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"Our main focus this year will be dangerous driving and speeding besides drunk driving. These are the major causes of accidents. There might have been fewer accidents last year but we still want to further bring down the number of casualties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12498661", "title": "Bhatta rape: Villagers to move SC for CBI probe", "text": "NOIDA: Days after the Allahabad high court dismissed the PIL seeking a CBI probe in the alleged rape of women in Bhatta and Parsaul villages by policemen in May last year, residents of the two villages said that they will be appealing to the Supreme Court next week.The court had, on Friday, expressed hope that with the \"change of guard in Uttar Pradesh\", the CB-CID would be able to conduct a fair investigation. It asked the state government to constitute a committee of senior officials to \"monitor\" the issue and submit a progress report within four months. Residents of the village, however, maintain that their only chance at justice is to ensure that a CBI probe takes place and impartially looks at events that unfolded in the village.\"There is a different government in place now and that increases our chance at achieving justice. However, we want to make sure a fair investigation takes place. It was the police that came into our houses, beat our men up and raped and molested our women,\" said Mahesh Choudhary, Bhatta village headman.Choudhary says a fair and impartial investigation is only possible if the case is taken over by CBI. \"The CBI-CID comprises of colleagues and friends of the same police officers who walked into our homes. The CBI is a central agency and has nothing to do with the Uttar Pradesh police and our chance of justice is much better with them,\" he added.Villagers also said that going to the Supreme Court would be an added bonus alongside the court's direction to the state government to form a monitoring committee. Radhe Shyam Singh, a Bhatta resident, said, \"Even if we lose the appeal, the monitoring committee will still be in place as the Allahabad HC has asked for a report in four months. If the CBI investigates the matter, it will be great for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498817", "title": "29-yr-old weaves dream in clouds", "text": "GURGAON: This year, Sachin Dev Duggal, entrepreneur and 'chief wizard' at his Udyog Vihar based tech-firm, nivio, will turn 29, and worth over a hundred million dollars. Many would call his an achievement too big for his age, but such precocious successes don't seem out of place in the life of a guy who started his first profitable business venture at the age of 15. And now, Sachin has made it to the MIT Technology Review's - published from the university town of Massachuesetts, America - top innovators list, for his work in the field of cloud computing.Back in 2004, when Sachin co-founded nivio - along with his friend Surabh Pradeep Dhoot - not many were aware of the direction computing was going to take. But Sachin had his eyes and his mind both focused on the cloud. \"Back then, the word cloud didn't exist at all. People were talking of grid computing and so on,\" he says.Cloud computing takes all the applications and services - the essence of what we need a computer for - on a network space, or a 'cloud.' And this cloud, thanks to the internet, can be accessed from anywhere, by any device. The principle at work here is more dependence on software, and less on hardware. And what Sachin's company nivio aimed to do was minimize the very need for hardware. \"So our product can get your windows desktop on any of your devices - the laptop, smartphone, tablet - through the cloud,\" Sachin says.In the world of technology, a good innovation is the product of a tamed imagination - something that fits within the realistic constraints and has real-world applications. MIT's Technology Review listed Sachin among 20 other innovators in India under the age of 35, precisely because his cloud idea had such a quality. \"In the Indian context, it is specially relevant. Many here use smartphones. And with my product, you can use your smarphone as your main workstation. There is no need to buy laptops and desktops.\"As he completes 15 years living the Silicon Valley Dream, Sachin says he now spends his days mostly between work and travel - London , San Fransisco, Gurgaon, back-and-forth, several times a month. And he believes, the new financial year will take the company to greater heights. \"But money alone is nothing,\" he says, adding that his main agenda is his educational foundation. \"This business financially aids the foundation that I and Saurabh run. And, this technology that we work on, has a direct use in education as it makes hardware cheaper and information more accessible,\" he says, adding that his foundation will adopt two schools in Mumbai and Jordan this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499652", "title": "Spurt in travel bookings as holiday season sets in", "text": "KOCHI: It's holiday season and both airlines and the railways are witnessing heavy rush of passengers to and from Kerala in domestic and international sectors.The trend is being led by Malayalis who prefer to spend their vacation at their home towns or join their families settled outside Kerala.Most airline agencies have reported spike in booking activities. They said the bookings have been high since March end.\"We have heavy booking in all sectors, especially for flights that operate to and from Kerala. Almost all tickets are booked till June,\" said a spokesperson of Air India.In the international sector, the passenger movement is mainly to and from Gulf countries. The domestic bookings too are mainly made by Malayalis.The railways also reported heavy bookings especially during Easter and Vishu holidays. In order to address the increased rush, railways' Thiruvananthapuram division has decided to operate 39 special trains this month.The division will also introduce 51 special trains in May and 32 in June. The railways has also added more coaches to many trains.Meanwhile, the Association of Tourism and Trade Organization informed that the number of foreign tourists visiting the state during this season is very low.\"The movement of tourists from northern parts of the country has also gone down,\" said association president Sreekumara Menon.The hotels and restaurants also show a dip in bookings. It is pointed out the tourists coming to the state during the holidays are mainly techies from neighbouring states.\"Those tourists who come to the city during the season proceed to places like Wayanad, Munnar and Thekkady. During this period hotels get booking from corporate houses. But, these executives are here only for a short period,\" said Jose Pradeep, treasurer of the Association of Approved and Classified Hotels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497679", "title": "Lack of guidelines, data on bariatric surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Obesity may be reaching alarming proportions in the adolescent age-group but the medical fraternity is divided on using a surgical approach to tackle the urban epidemic. In the absence of clear scientific data, doctors strongly resist suggesting bariatric surgery to those below 18.Till date, few randomized controlled trials have been carried out in the country or abroad to judge the long-term efficacy of the surgery in severely obese young adults. Globally, mortality or morbidity has also been associated with the surgery.Last November, when Zoya Khan underwent bariatric surgery at Mumbai's Breach Candy hospital, it created a controversy as she was just 11 months old. While Zoya had a genetic disorder that made her gain weight abnormally, many blamed the lack of guidelines for allowing doctors to 'try' the procedure on patients.Head of endocrinology at KEM Hospital, Dr Nalini Shah, supports 'judicious' use of the surgery in morbidly obese adolescents. \"The world is still studying the implications of the surgery. Its safety is still an open-ended question,\" she said adding it may be a solution to some genetic problems. \"The selection of patients is of extreme importance,\" she added.Echoing the view, bariatric surgeon Dr Srihari Dhorepatil insisted the surgery should be only for those 'physically handicapped' by their weight. \"Children who have co-morbid conditions like diabetes, hypertension and weigh more than 100 kg can be candidates. Surgery should be considered only when weight becomes a life-threatening issue,\" he said. Dhorepatil added if the surgery is performed on teenagers, care should be taken that it does not give rise to nutritional deficiencies. \"The surgery brings about major metabolic changes in the body. Teens have high nutritional demand, the surgery should not mess with that,\" he said.Bariatric surgeon Dr Ramen Goel added it is imperative that doctors carry out a detailed body composition analysis. \"Endocrine or metabolic disorders, if any, should be ruled out before selecting a young adult for the surgery,\" he said. He also strongly advocated the use of natural weight-loss methods before opting for the surgery. A surgeon from JJ Hospital, however, said follow-ups remain a problem. \"When patients have to pay from their pocket, they are reluctant to keep visiting the specialist,\" the surgeon said. A patient of bariatric surgery needs to pay frequent visits to his/her doctors. \"The visits have to be more frequent for an adolescent patient,\" said Goel.Laparoscopic and bariatric surgery consultant from SevenHills Hospital, Dr Ushast Dhir, emphasised that only established institutions should offer the surgery. \"Now even general surgeons perform bariatric surgery. We need stringent guidelines to check that,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501606", "title": "Soundarya and Aishwarya \u2013 the sisters sort it out", "text": "On the day 3 released, Soundarya Rajinikanth wished her sister all the luck in the world. This has put an end to rumors about the reported sibling rivalry between the sisters.Ever since Aishwarya started 3, there were rumors that the little sister, Soundarya is upset, because her animation flick, Sultan - the Warrior had to be shelved.But the sisters had denied all this as rumors. To substantiate this, Soundarya had wished her sister all the best on the release of her debut venture 3. The youngest sister is praying that Aishwarya's 3 turns out to become a huge hit just as the Kolaveri number in that film. With this, the rumors about the sibling rivalry in Rajini family have been put to rest.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12499609", "title": "In 5 years, a jab to stop heart attacks?", "text": "LONDON: Scientists, including an Indian-origin researcher , claim that a vaccine against heart attack is being developed, which could be available in the market within five years.Coronary heart disease occurs when fatty plaques build up in the blood vessels feeding the heart and over time become narrowed. Parts of the plaque may break off causing a clot to form which can block the artery causing a heart attack.Now, a team, led by professor Prediman Shah from Cedars-Sinai Heart Institute in US and professor Nilsson from Lund University in Sweden , says experiments have shown it is possible to alter the way immune system reacts to plaques in the arteries to reduce inflammation and the severity of the build-up .In fact, the scientists say that injections of antibodies could help prevent the build up of fat in the arteries which cause narrowings and break off leading to heart attacks , 'The Daily Telegraph' reported . The team has already formulated a vaccine that reduced plaque build up by 60 to 70% in mice.The resulting CVX-210 vaccine, currently in development as an injection by CardioVax, is waiting regulatory clearance to start clinical trials, say the scientists. A second vaccine using the same materials has been formulated as a nasal spray, Prof Nilsson said.Moreover, another approach , of directly injecting antibodies against bad low density lipoprotein which carries cholesterol in the blood and forms the basis of the plaque, is already in trials. Professor Nilsson said: \"The rationale is that since oxidized LDL plays a major role in the development of atherosclerotic plaques and harmful inflammatory processes , directly targeting oxidised LDL should prevent plaque formation and reduce inflammation.\"Early studies showed that the antibody, BI-204 , developed jointly by BioInvent and Genentech, reduced plaques by half and was well tolerated when tested in 80 healthy people . A trial of BI-204 in 144 people with heart disease is underway in America and Canada where body scans will measure plaques in the arteries over time, say the scientists . Nilsson said it was unlikely that the products would be given as traditional vaccines in early childhood and instead were more like drugs in that they would need to be given repeatedly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12499651", "title": "Car that changes colour with mood", "text": "LONDON: Imagine your car changing its colour as per your mood. Well, your imagination is now a reality. All thanks to French car manufacturer Peugeot which has unveiled a new car, Peugeot RCZ, that uses an innovative reactive paint to change its body colour in order to reflect its owner's emotions , be it happy, sad or anything in between.In fact, engineers at Peugeot UK have developed this pioneering new technology by using a psychochromatic coating or mood paint, which alters the molecular structure of the paint to emit light at varying wavelengths. The driver's moods are detected via heat sensors integrated into the steering wheel, which read their body temperature and pulse rate to change the exterior colour of the car accordingly , say the engineers.\"This really is a world first for motoring, to have developed a paint that accurately reflects the emotion of the driver, will no doubt have our competitors green with envy. Particularly as our customers can experience this innovation behind the wheel of the RCZ - a sports coupe that already inspires goose-bumps with its double-bubble roof line,\" the product manager at Peugeot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498781", "title": "Cops fail to crack Delhi, Bihar links", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's been over 12 days since Chandigarh Police had affirmed the involvement of Delhi and Bihar links in the forged degrees racket, but police have so far failed to get any success in busting these links. In a press conference on March 20, police had claimed that they had acquired the phone number and address of the Delhi accused, but till Sunday police maintained that they were still scrutinizing his call details and emails. However, this undue delay in the arrests has raised many doubts on the police probe.Apparently, arrest of Delhi and Bihar accused is of utmost importance in this case as they were the actual kingpins who were getting over 60% of the amount that was charged from the clients. Their main job was to alter the university records to make degrees genuine.\"In the last 10 days we have arrested over 20 persons who were directly involved in fake degrees scam. We got busy in taking their remand, interrogation and then conducting raids on the basis of their questioning,\" Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (CID), who is heading the special investigation team.\"Now if we go to Bihar or Delhi, then we need time to conduct raids and make arrests. But so far we are keeping a track on the telephone and emails of the accused. We have solid evidence now and will arrest the accused soon,\" he added. In the last few days police have busted three different gangs, who were dealing in fake documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498578", "title": "No cut in power, water supplies yet for illegal buildings in Greater Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: What's illegal for one civic agency is legal for others. There are thousands of apartments and sites in unauthorized layouts, but nothing has been done to prevent them from being provided sanitary and power connections or, worse, transacted.To check the proliferation of illegal layouts, the BDA wrote to the inspector-general of stamps and registration, requesting that sub-registrars must insist on production of no-objection certificates (NoCs) issued by it at the time of registration of property transactions.But the department of stamps and registration replied that rules did not permit the same. \"The sub-registrar has no authority to refuse registration on the ground that layout plan of the area has not been approved by the town planning authority, as clearly stated in the Satyanarayana Setty V/s State of Karnataka writ petition No. 19223/1982 dated September 15, 1982 (2) KJL SN 70. As per registration rules, there is no provision to crosscheck an NOC before registration,\" the department replied.Besides, the BDA also wrote to Bescom and BWSSB to disconnect power and water to these unauthorized layouts following a decision at a board meeting in 2011. However, there has been no response so far.\"Despite awareness drives, unauthorized layouts are still proliferating. The only way to stop illegal sale is by stopping the transaction at the time of registration itself. It is wrong to register a property on the basis of NoCs provided by municipalities, CMCs or gram panchayats,\" BDA officials said.Is PIN the nail in the coffin?With the introduction of property identification number (PIN), are the days of illegal layouts being numbered? Revenue officials believe so. A senior officer in charge of PINs in 50 wards said the numbers will be issued to properties, but further transaction on them will be barred. \"We'll issue PINs in unauthorized layouts too. We must do so because the property belongs to someone and whatever violation is only in terms of land usage. But we will debar further transaction on these properties, and the sub-registrars will not be allowed to register the transactions anymore. It is left to the government to take remedial measures on the change of land usage in these cases,\" the bureaucrat who is part of the Urban Property Registration process told TOI.Sample these violationsSetbacks and civic amenities are a big casualty in illegal layouts. BDA rules prescribe 55% of the layout can be used for carving out residential sites and the rest for civic amenities. Some 90% of the area in a layout in Kammanahalli, near Begur, has been used up for construction. Ironically, the Begur gram panchayat approved the layout in 2004. In many cases, the land of the layouts may not have been changed from agriculture to non-agriculture.Multiplicity of agenciesOne too many agencies are granting permission to develop land in illegal layouts. Both Subramanyapura gram panchayat and BBMP have issued khatas and building licences to a society in Vasanthapura hobli of Uttarahalli. \"The society was asked to pay cess and fulfil some conditions. It went to the court against the cess demand, and formed a layout which is an unauthorised one,\" BDA officials said.In another instance, the Dasarahalli CMC approved a layout plan and khata in Siddahalli of Yeshwantpur hobli, while the BBMP sanctioned the building plan. Singnayakanahalli grama panchayat has approved the layout plan and provided individual khatas to property owners in Avalahalli in Yeshwantpur hobli.Hunger for landSection 32 of the BDA Act, 1976 and Section 17 of the Karnataka Town Planning Act, 1961, mandate that BDA should sanction any plan to form residential layouts in the area coming under BDA limits. But fly-by-night realty operators are thriving by indiscriminately carving layouts out of agricultural lands and selling them in violation of the rule book.Desperate to have a house of their own, gullible people have fallen for the bait of cheap land without realizing that the site could be attached if civic agencies cracked the whip. Developers have sold plots for as low as Rs 500 per sqft in some cases. But families run into the wall when they go to banks for loans. With most of these layouts not part of the list of their approved layouts, banks don't advance loans.Times ViewBangalore became Greater Bangalore amid civic fanfare five years ago. But what was billed as a move to bring in illegal layouts teeming on the outskirts of then Bangalore into the civic mainstream has remained only a cosmetic nomenclature change. While these layouts' illegal tag has remained, their civic woes, too, are mounting in the absence of administrative apparatus to tackle them. If the problem of illegal layouts is not addressed immediately, they will continue to proliferate. There is a need to settle the problem by at least drawing a lakshman rekha and saying that irregularities will not be tolerated anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12498697", "title": "Sec 62 cheers bus route extension", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters who travel from sector 62 to west and south Delhi via the DND flyway have a reason to cheer. The Delhi Transport Corporation has extended the termination point of buses plying on route 392 from Dhaula Kuan to Mayapuri located around 10km away.Hundreds of passengers in Noida take this route, which begins from sector 62 in Noida to travel to west Delhi. For those who need to travel beyond Dhaula Kuan on the same road, the extension of service comes as a breather as they will no longer be forced to avail alternate modes of transport to cover the stretch.\"It is definitely good news for residents in our part of the city because we are bereft of Metro services,\" said SM Singh, president of Federation of RWAs of sector 62.The volume of passengers on this route is set to increase once several housing projects under construction in sector 62 and beyond are completed.The DTC plies around 30 buses on route 392, which starts at sector 62 and has stoppages at Mamura crossing, sector 23 crossing, sector 19 telephone exchange, sector 16, Rajnigandha crossing and the DND toll plaza. Due to the lack of Metro service on this route, there is a high volume of passengers in all buses that ply through the day.In Delhi, the buses pass through largely signal-free stretch over flyovers beginning from Maharani Bagh, to Lajpat Nagar, South Extension I &amp; II, AIIMS, Moti Bagh and terminate at Dhaula Kuan.DTC operates these buses from its depot in Mayapuri. \"In the initial phase, only those buses which have to terminate at the end of the operation period at Mayapuri will carry passengers from Dhaula Kuan onwards to other stoppages before Mayapuri,\" said a DTC official. \"Similarly, in the morning, those buses which begin from Mayapuri will pick up passengers from stoppages before Dhaula Kuan. This step has been taken to make optimal use of resources and ensure that no area is cut out from the entire length of the route,\" said the official.Three new stoppages - Barar Square, Naraina and Mayapuri - have been added to this stretch which would now be longer by around 10km. Each DTC bus on this route makes four trips with two in the morning and two in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12497969", "title": "Bootleggers nabbed, liquor packets seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two bootleggers from Dhoolpet in Saidabad were arrested and 1250 illegally-distilled (ID) liquor sachets were seized from their possession on Sunday. A history-sheeter from Saidabad was also arrested for possession of a dagger.Acting on a tip-off, police arrested Ramesh Singh and Botigula Raju of Dhoolpet near SBH Colony, Saidabad and seized 400 ID liquor sachets hidden in their scooter dickey. Based on their confession, police raided the house of Baboolu Singh of Dhoolpet, who had manufactured the liquor and seized 850 liquor sachets from there.In another case, Task Force sleuths nabbed history-sheeter Mohammed Naseeruddin of the Saidabad police station near Hotel Orion in Saidabad and seized a dagger from his possession. According to police, Naseeruddin was involved in several criminal offences, including two murder cases.The arrested persons in both the cases along with the seized property were handed over to the Saidabad police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502767", "title": "Rajini says acting in Kochadaiyaan is difficult", "text": "The Kochadaiyaan team released a video clipping of the shooting spot in London along with a small interview by its lead star Rajinikanth. In the video clipping, Rajini had said that acting in an animation flick is not as easy as acting in a feature film.Since it is an animation film that involves a lot of technicalities, every actor is taking utmost care, said Rajinikanth. The video clippings show Rajinikanth, Sarath Kumar, Nasser and other stars wearing space-suit like outfits. It gives an indication that Kochadaiyaan may be a sci-fi flick.Kochadaiyaan is directed by Soundarya Rajinikanth . The film stars Deepika Padukone as the lead pair for Rajinikanth. AR Rahman is scoring the music for this film.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497419", "title": "Minor drop in deaths on tracks of Western Railways", "text": "MUMBAI: From the point of safety, not much has changed about the city's suburban rail network. In January and February this year, 192 accident deaths occurred on the Western line. In 2011, 1,313 commuters died in accidents on the same line, which means that the Jan-Feb 2012 figure is only a little lower than 2011's bimonthly average.One of the biggest killers remains trespassing. The railways have identified stretches where the problem has been chronic and deployed security forces in two shifts to stop commuters from crossing tracks. \"Data collected by the (Western Railway) general manager's office pinpointed 10 locations from where a high number of trespassing cases were reported. Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel have been deployed at these stretches from mid-February,\" said a senior official. Some of the locations are Dadar (south side), Jogeshwari, Nalasopara, Kandivli (a spot near the level-crossing), Khar (south and north) and Virar.\"A survey of cases recorded last year showed that the mishaps peaked in the mornings and evenings. We deputed personnel on two shifts--7-11am and 5-10pm; also, 79 additional staffers from divisions outside Mumbai have been roped in for the job,\" an RPF official said. Initially, the RPF personnel would only caution offenders and not prosecute them; banners were strung up for awareness. But now they have started booking commuters, particularly those who cross tracks between platforms.Commuter associations say trespassing occurs because of a lack of good infrastructure. For instance, the foot over bridge at Kandivli is rickety. Then, there is an abandoned structure at one end of Jogeshwari station that blocks trains from view. WR officials say they have taken note of the problems and have begun demolishing the abandoned structure at Jogeshwari.They have also taken photographs of foot over bridges at Kandivli and Jogeshwari.Concerned about the number of trespassing cases, WR's general manager and divisional railway manager (Mumbai) conducted an inspection a fortnight ago. They travelled from Bandra to Virar and from there backwards till Grant Road. \"The campaign has helped us in slightly bringing down the number of trespassing deaths as compared to last year; 165 commuters died while crossing tracks between February 16 and March 15, 2011. This year, 129 commuters have died in the same period,\" an RFP official said. \"Our campaign will not be discontinued as it aims to save more lives.\"WR witnesses a daily passenger traffic of 34 lakh who travel on 1,200 trains as opposed to Central Railway's 39 lakh on 1,800 trains. Thus, passenger density is greater on the Western line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12504409", "title": "Ulfa likely to carry out strikes before April 7: Assam DGP", "text": "GUWAHATI: In the run-up to its Raising Day on April 7, the anti-talk faction of the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) is likely to indulge in subversive activities to create panic in Assam, a top police official said today.\"As they are trying to create panic in the run up to April 7, the police and the security forces have been placed in vulnerable areas to thwart their design\", state Director General of Police Jayanta Narayan Choudhury said.\"Besides Sibsagar, Dibrugarh, Tinsukia and Jorhat in upper Assam, the ULFA cadre may also resort to violence in lower Assam districts of Darrang and Goalpara,\" Choudhury said.Recent events, he said, have pointed to the growing nexus between the ULFA and Maoists.\"The bomb that exploded in Doomdooma town in Tinsukia district on Saturday night was inside a tiffin box but the involvement of Maoists in the incident cannot be ruled out\", he said.The DGP said while top ULFA leader Dristi Rajkhowa was currently holed up in Goalpara district bordering Meghalaya, two hardcore ultras Babul and Pradeep Gogoi were in upper Assam.The ULFA last week had ambushed a BSF patrol party in Goalpara-Kamrup Rural border injuring one jawan.Even Arabinda Rajkhowa, the Chairman of the pro-talk faction of ULFA, had last week expressed apprehension about strikes by the hardliners, headed by Commander-in-Chief Paresh Baruah.The ULFA was formed on April 7, 1979, at the Rang Ghar in Sibsagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499301", "title": "Pataliputra station likely by 2015", "text": "PATNA: The construction of Pataliputra station on Bailey Road near Rukunpura, which was to come into existence last year, will be delayed further due to non-completion of work. Work on this new station is still going on at an estimated cost of Rs 1.5 crore. This project is likely to be completed along with the Ganga rail-cum-road bridge between Digha and Sonepur by the end of 2014-2015 fiscal.According to sources, the railways has completed earth work on the southern side right from the Phulwari FCI godown to the Bailey Road for laying tracks. As per the approved plan, the Pataliputra station building is being constructed at Rukunpura near Khagaul canal. The track laying work has been completed on the southern alignment from Phulwari FCI godown to Digha, sources said.An ECR official said that the railways intends to complete the alignment work on priority basis. This will help the railways to carry heavy bridge materials directly to the site by goods trains. The railways is already building a superstructure portion work of the bridge, he said.A road over bridge (ROB), which was constructed on Bailey Road near the new Pataliputra station at a cost of Rs 20 crore, has been thrown open now to cope with huge road traffic flow on the Bailey Road, he said.According to sources, the railways has now planned to build the new Pataliputra station as a terminal station keeping in mind arrival of all incoming trains from north Bihar. These trains would terminate there for their maintenance work, too. Besides, the railways intends to build washing pit lines at the Pataliputra station to maintain passenger train coaches, sources said.Since Danapur and Patna stations are close to Pataliputra, the railways is mulling to make these two old stations the terminal points so that passengers could easily board trains for north Bihar from new Pataliputra station, sources said, adding the railways is also planning to shift two pairs of passenger trains from Patna and Danapur to Pataliputra station to decongest traffic load from Patna and Danapur stations. Danapur station is about four km away from Pataliputra station.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, the railways could not open Pataliputra station as it is still working on widening of the circulating area as well as providing the basic infrastructure at the new station building. Besides, the railways would first ensure that there would be no hindrance in the smooth traffic flow from the station area when the station building is thrown open for operational and commercial purposes, he said.Meanwhile, the railways has not yet connected track alignment work between Pataliputra station and Khagaul canal end, a stretch of about 200 to 300 metres. \"Unless it is connected, there is no chance of running any passenger train from Pataliputra side to either Danapur or Phulwari end,\" an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499370", "title": "City boys bag first position in space settlement design", "text": "JAIPUR: Can we create an alternative settlement for humans in space? It will be difficult for many of us to answer. The US Space Agency - National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) - had recently organised a competition on the matter and invited entries from schools across the world to select the best project on creating human colony in space.Of the 1,200 entries shortlisted for final review from 20 countries, a four-member team of St Xavier's School, Jaipur, comprising Shubham Gupta (Class XII), Varun Kansal, Aash Singh and Akash Gupta all of Class XI (awaiting Class X result) won the first prize in the 11th &amp; 12th grade category, results of which were announced on Sunday.The Jaipur lads brought laurels to the country by winning an international competition defeating teams from technologically advanced countries like USA, China, Romania and Japan. The team submitted a detailed report on this project named 'Aseem' which stands for Astronomical Settlement for Emerging Earth's Milieu.In the project, the team said that the most suitable location for a human settlement is a location called Liberation point 5 (L-5) between earth and moon. L-5 makes an equilateral triangle with earth and moon giving stability to the project.\"This position between earth and moon has equal gravitational force and equilibrium point. It is ideal to obtain various resources from earth,\" said Shubham Sharma, the team leader. They have designed the outer cover of 'Aseem' with high melting point and low thermal conductivity elements like basalt fibre, titanium alloy (grid-5), ultra high molecular polyethylene and zylone.'Aseem' will be of 11 layers including lead glass, polycarbonate, aluminum wire mesh, carbon nano tubes and sealant gel. This will prevent air from escaping from minor cracks on each layer which will also reflect the harmful UV and infra-red rays when the settlement is exposed to solar rays.To survive in space, the team suggested ways to generate gravity by using centripetal and centrifugal forces and ball bearing belts to rotate on its own axis, which was widely appreciated by the jury members. This model can support a population of 1, 13,540 people.The shape of the settlement will be close to cylinder-cum-torus. For protecting it from meteorites and asteroids, it will be covered by a laser cage to prevent any collision by either the burning space rock or the changing of its direction. To feed the population, they have also defined methods to grow food in space.\"Aeroponics and geoponics methods are the best ways to cultivate crops. The farming pattern will be similar to the method of intercropping. This pattern will have leguminous plants which support rhizobium bacteria to fix atmospheric nitrogen. It will also support two cropping seasons in a year,\" Sharma said.Aeroponics is the process of growing plants in air or mist environment without the use of soil or an aggregate medium (known as geoponics).The team members will leave for a week-long trip to NASA starting from May 24. The team is tied on the first position with two others - one from Bilfrost, Arizona in US and and the other from Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12504497", "title": "Hitler's Nazi holiday resort 'to become a luxury hotel'", "text": "LONDON: German dictator Adolf Hitler's Nazi holiday resort, which spans nearly three miles along the coast of the Baltic island of Ruegen, will soon be converted into a 400-bed luxury hotel and 400 apartments, a media report said.In fact, it's the Block One of the resort, Colossus of Prora, which is to be converted into a luxury hotel and an apartment block. The resort, said to be the largest holiday camp ever constructed by Hitler in the 1930s, was sold for 2.2 million pounds at an auction in Berlin.The building, the single-biggest sold in post-war Germany, had a reserve price of 700,000 pounds, but telephone bidding at the Berlin auction last Saturday sent the price soaring, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Prora was constructed on the Baltic island of Ruegen by the stormtroopers of the Nazi \"Strength Through Joy\" leisure organisation over a six-year period and occupies nearly three miles of beachfront.It was meant to provide holiday entertainment for 20,000 of Hitler's hordes at any one time. But not a single Nazi ever got to stay there. The Nazis viewed leisure as just one more aspect of human activity to be governed by the party.The last rooms of the \"Butlins-of-the-dark-side\" were finished just as World War Two began in 1939 and Prora was left empty, the greatest white elephant of all time. It was occupied after 1945 by the Red Army and became a secret base.After German reunification, all the buildings were given listed status and a very few have been transformed into holiday flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504351", "title": "Kareena Kapoor-Arjun Rampal lovemaking scene leaked?", "text": "This just seems like a hoax call and not a publicity stunt.It's a known fact by now that Kareena Kapoor plays a bold actress in Madhur Bhandarkar's ambitious film Heroine . Also she has a hot lovemaking scene with Arjun Rampal in the film.But recently there was buzz that this steamy sequence from the film was leaked online. In the recent past, intimate scenes from several films like Blood Money, Bhindi Bazaar and That Girl in Yellow Boots were leaked online before the release of the film. Soon it turned out that it all was a part of the publicity stunt for the picture. But knowing Madhur Bhandarkar and the kind of films he makes, it seemed uncertain that the filmmaker would resort to such tactics.Alas anybody who searches for any such leaked video on the internet will be disappointed because it seems just a hoax by some pranksters. The video is made as a news item that says that Kareena Kapoor and Arjun Rampal will be seen in a hot lovemaking scene in Heroine (as if we didn't know that). And the only visuals you get to see is a compilation of file footage of Kareena and Arjun.Maybe Bhandarkar could next think of making a film on such cheap publicity gimmicks!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12497739", "title": "Students complain of regionalism in inquiry", "text": "WARANGAL: National Institute of Technology (NIT) is embroiled in a new controversy just after two days of a ragging incident. Students are alleging the director T Srinivasa Rao of humiliating them on the basis of region during the inquiry of the incident. \"The enquiry committee headed by NIT director T Srinivasa Rao which is probing the ragging incident is humiliating us by playing the regional card,\" alleged D Sumanth, president of the students' council here on Sunday. He alleged that Srinivasa Rao and dean Radhakrishnamacharya were creating regional differences among the students by playing Andhra versus Telangana card. Students' council members alleged that administration was conspiring against Telangana region students.\"They are forcing the cops to include the students from Telangana as responsible for ragging on the campus,\" they complained.He said some innocent students were unnecessarily dragged into the ragging incident and beaten up by the cops. \"The NIT administration is allowing the police to interrogate students when some outsiders were involved in the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12498951", "title": "Hills outfits to hold seminars in Kolkata, Delhi", "text": "DARJEELING: In a bid to create awareness about the need for a separate state, among the non-Nepali population, the Gorkhaland Task Force (GTF) - a conglomeration of political and social outfits - has decided to conduct seminars and meetings in Kolkata and Delhi from August.Speaking to the media persons after a meeting in Darjeeling on Sunday, GTF national working president Enos Das Pradhan said, \"People outside the Nepali population in the country are actually not aware of our prolonged demand for a separate state. Our duty is to take these people into confidence and make them aware, so that they get to know the truth\".GTF, an anti-Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) unit, comprises of apolitical organizations like the Bharatiya Gorkha Parisangh (BGP) and the Gorkhaland Rajya Nirman Morcha (GRNM) and political outfits All India Gorkha League (AIGL), Communist Party of Revolutionary Marxist (CPRM) and the GNLF (C).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504452", "title": "Balakrishnan wants Amitabh Bachchan for his next", "text": "According to a recent buzz Amitabh Bachchan will venture in a yet untitled Tamil film, to be directed by Balakrishnan.Balakrishnan's next is about relationship between India and Pakistan . According to him his next movie traverses from Jinnah to Ajmal Kasab. Balakrishnan confirmed that he is in talks with Amitabh Bachchan to cast him for an important character.It can be recalled that Balakrishnan made his directorial debut with a political drama Kamaraj, a movie based on life of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister. He is currently working on a film called Mudhalvar Mahatma that stars Anupam Kher in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499767", "title": "Maldivian statesmen seek India's help", "text": "KOCHI: Maldivian senior statesman Ibrahim Ismail (Ibra), who was a minister in the ousted Mohammed Nasheed government, said India should come down hard on the present regime in his country and ask Mohammed Waheed Hassan to call for general election this year itself.\"The protests against the military rule are on the rise. In the last 40 days, more than 650 people have been arrested compared to the 10-15 detained for hooliganism in the last three years of democratic rule,\" he said.Mohammed Aslam, who was also present at the interview, said India's continuing indifference to 'Maldivian domestic affairs' had upset human rights groups and top leaders of the ousted Maldivian Democratic Party government hoped India would use its good offices to ensure that President Waheed announced an election date this year. The Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG) was meeting in April and was expected to come out with a statement on the state of affairs in Maldives, Aslam said.\"The present government is enforcing Taliban-like religious strictures on a people who are faithful Muslims. We are a liberal Muslim country. What happened to us should be a lesson for all Arab nations who follow Islamic principles but are being bombarded with extreme rightwing views,\" he added. Aslam said a riot police force had been set up just to control protestors and they had been using brutal force against people, including women protestors.An increasing number of women have been coming out in protest against the new regime, he said adding that about 10,000 women hold protest demonstrations every day.Ibra, who led the first pro-democracy mass protest in 2004, which led to the formation of the first democratically-elected government in Maldives, admitted they didn't see the coup coming until it was too late. \"We should have been careful as the elements of dictatorship don't go away too easily. The present government is a dummy of Mohammed Qayyoom, who is running the government from behind the scene,\" he added.They hoped that India, which was given a more important role than China in Maldives during the MDP rule on account of it being the largest democracy in the world, would come to the rescue of the thousands of protestors who had taken to the streets against the oppressive military government in Maldives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502031", "title": "Fossils to perform at Eden Gardens", "text": "As SRK's knights turn up in shiny armour to take on the daredevils from Delhi at their first match on April 5, on song would be our desi rockstars - Fossils. The rock band has been roped in to perform at the gala event at Eden Gardens, also the first match that the city will witness.The organizers, who had been trying to get in touch with the band for a while now, were in for a few early hiccups. With the band website not functioning, they took the trouble to source the number of Rupsha, frontman Rupam's wife. Accreditations, according to the band, were also no less a challenge and finally, Fossils got the approval on Saturday.Says frontman Rupam, \"Even though the final nod was given to us only recently, we had started working on the song lineup the day we had an initial talk with the organizers.\" The band will begin their 30-minute performance with their version of Kolkata Knight Riders' theme song, \"Korbo lorbo jitbo re\".The songlist also features an old number, \"Kolkata aha\", which Fossils has altered to make it more apt for the occasion. \"We have a couple of songs that talk about victory. We'll mostly be performing hard rock numbers,\" says Rupam.Even though SRK is expected to be in the city for the first KKR match, Rupam isn't sure whether they'll share the same platform. Prod him on the superstar and all that the singersongwriter offers is, \"Who doesn't watch his films? However, we've not been told about SRK's presence at the stadium. For us, it's a professional engagement.\"So, which team is he rooting for? \"Till the time Sourav Ganguly was with KKR, the choice was unanimous. Now, I'm supporting both SRK's team and Pune Warriors India. If we had to perform on May 5, when both team will be locking horns, it would have been a tough call. But there too, work would have come first,\" offers Rupam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12493039", "title": "Shah Rukh could have been Munnabhai", "text": "Producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra says that Shah Rukh Khan had always been his first choice for most of his films, be it '3 Idiots', 'Munnabhai MBBS', or the yet-to-be released 'Ferrari Ki Sawari'.\"Shah Rukh was offered '3 Idiots', 'Ferrari Ki Sawari', 'Munnabhai' and other films. He is our first guy - we go to him first and if he says no, then we move on,\" Chopra told reporters.Shah Rukh had backed out of 'Munnabhai MBBS' because of back trouble and could not do '3 Idiots' because of date issues.If Chopra had his way, SRK would have been the Munnabhai of 'Munnabhai MBBS' and Sanjay Dutt would have played the small role of Zaheer, a cancer patient.\"Today, I feel Sanjay is perfect as Munna and same way Sharman fits the central role in 'Ferrari Ki Sawari'. It is all about writing and getting the right actor for the right role, which is difficult,\" Chopra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502299", "title": "Daler Mehndi to sing for Anurag Kashyap film", "text": "She had directed the music of the National Award winning flm 'Oye Lucky Lucky Oye'.While this film's quirky and rooted to reality soundtrack had seen the popularity of its songs soar high, this time time music director Sneha Khnawalkar has chosen none than Daler Mehndi to croon for her for the Anurag Kshyap film, 'Gangs of Wasseypur'.When Sneha won accolades for her score in OLLO, she travelled through many parts of rural North India and had even visited the Raagini music festival, to research for music. This time too Sneha knows that 'Gangs of Wasseypur', which is based on the coal mine mafia, will need music that stays true to the film's script and theme. It will be interesting to see what kind of song Sneha has in mind for Daler, given the fact that in recent times, the king of Bhangra has treaded on Sufi territory. His recently released album Bismillah did well and now the Punjabi singer is all set to release another Sufi album called 'Soul to Supreme'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498920", "title": "Digest Pune", "text": "PMPML bus travel passes go missingPMPML bus travel passes costing Rs 65.4 lakh were reported missing on Saturday. PMPML authorities have appealed commuters not to purchase passes from any unauthorized persons. The authorities said that a PMPML employee in Chinchwad found that several series of bus travel passes were missing. These passes are for various categories of commuters, as well as period of travel. The authorities have warned that commuters may be asked by unauthorized persons to purchase these bus passes. A formal police complaint has been lodged with the Chinchwad police, PMPML officials said.Dhorepatil is new president of IMABharati Dhorepatil has taken over as the new president of the Pune branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA). She was appointed to the post by G K Ramchandrappa, national president of IMA. The other office bearers for the current year are Mohan Joshi (secretary), Prakash Marathe (secretary), Maya Tulpule (vice president), Arun Halbe (vice president) and Ganesh Datar (treasurer). Milind Naik, president of IMA (Maharashtra) and Eknath Chitnis will be present at the installation on April 1.Garden from Waste CompetitionJanki Joshi won 'best flower in containers' category, whereas Chitra Dhere and Jayashree Visal were the winner and runner up respectively in the 'best vegetable in containers' category of Garden from Waste 2012 competition.INORA and Praj Foundation have been jointly organizing 'Garden from Waste' competition since the past three years to create awareness about conversion of biodegradable waste into vermicompost and then utilize the same for developing a garden.Chitralekha Lele stood first in the 'best vegetable on beds' (category-individual), whereas Vision English Medium School bagged the first place in institute category. In the 'best compost' category Vidya Mankikar emerged as the winner while Shubhada Devdhar stood second. Madhavi Sawant was given an award for innovative practices for her methods in reuse and re-cycle.The panel of judges comprising Shubhada Natu, Anuradha Ganu and Neeta Katte evaluated the gardens.Pawar new chairman of CA Institute: Sanjay Pawar has been elected as the new chairman of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), Pune. The other elected office bearers for 2012-13 are Rekha Dhamankar (vice president), Satyanarayan Mundada (secretary) and Shripad Inamdar (treasurer). Dinesh Gandhi has become the treasurer of Western India Regional Council of ICAI.Natarajan elected as PMA presidentGanesh Natarajan and Pradeep Tupe have been elected as the president and secretary of Pune Managament Association (PMA) for the year 2012-13. Ganesh Natarajan, an IIT-Bombay alumnus, is the vice chairman and chief executive officer of Zensar Technologies . He was named 'CEO of the Year' by the Asia Pacific HR conference in 1999. Pradeep Tupe is the director of Yashaswi Group of Institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12499585", "title": "Rally keeps racing buffs on their toes", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of bike and car enthusiasts on Sunday morning flocked to Roost Hotel off in Mysore-Hunsur Road to witness Rally de Mysore, a time speed-and-distance (TSD) motorsport rally.SP R Dileep flagged off the rally, organized by Kodava Samaja Cultural and Sports Club (KSCS), amid fanfare, excitement and, of course, revving engines. Fifty-four teams on 40 cars and 14 motorbikes took part in the TSD rally spread over 10 hours. The 140-km rally covered Bilikere, KR Nagar and other places on the outskirts of Mysore. Besides 15 teams from Mysore, there were those from Coimbatore, Erode, and Bangalore too.The revving of engines an hour before the commencement of the rally set the mood, while the spectators enjoyed watching customized cars, jeeps and bikes warming up for the big day. Each team had a rider/ driver and a navigator.Speaking about the rally, organizer B Rathan Ponnappa said it comprised three classes in four-wheeler category -- professional and novice classes and general category in bike class. \"It's a first-of-its kind of rally aimed at providing a platform for amateur racing youths,\" he added.Twenty-year-old S S B Arjun, who took part in the bike category, was all charged up for Rally de Mysore in the wee hours itself. He has participated in five rallies elsewhere, but was thrilled to take part in the first-ever rally of Mysore. \"The roads and landscapes on the city's outskirts are perfect for rally,\" he opined.Another participant, A Nagarjun, said the craze for wheels in on the rise among the city's youths.\"This is an opportunity to test their capabilities, skills and to learn from noted racers. Instead of doing wheeling and speeding on public roads, race enthusiasts should participate in such events,\" said the 23-year-old final year engineering student. Noted racers Satish Gopal Krishnan, Karthik Maruthi, Johnson and others took part in the rally.Lohith Urs, international rally expert and in charge of the event, said TSD is a type of motor rally usually conducted on public roads, but at times, the track includes off-road too. \"The main aspect of TSD rallies is to maintain precise time, average speeds on various segments on pre-defined rally route,\" he said, adding: \"Mysore is a hub for racers and rally buffs. This kind of rallies nurtures the basic skills of young aspirants.\"\"TSD rally is not about speed, but it's about timing, so navigator plays a vital role in this rally,\" said Urs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12499700", "title": "Coffee only stimulates lazy people", "text": "LONDON: If you think that drinking coffee will give you that extra kick to keep you going , think again, for a new study says that the beverage's \"stimulant\" effect only works on lazy people.And, if you're a hard worker , it makes you slack off, say researchers at the University of British Columbia. This is because caffeine don't actually raise motivation levels. People who are already motivated could well feel the urge to slack off and the ones who benefit will be slackers, the 'Daily Mail' said. Study was published in Nature's Neuropsychopharmacology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498372", "title": "No resolution of right violations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The level of commitment in enforcing RTE seems questionable with a large number of complaints received by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) remaining unresolved. Figures obtained from NCPCR through an RTI filed by an activist show that only 100 of 1,761 complaints made between April 1, 2011 and March 16, 2012 have been resolved by NCPCR. The record for 2011-12-only 5.6% cases resolved-is especially poor considering in 2010-2011, which was the first year of enforcement of RTE, NCPCR had managed to resolve 692 of the 1,089 (54.36%) cases brought to them.The figures do not include cases with the state commissions; there were zero cases with the national commission from several states, including Jammu and Kashmir , Manipur, Meghalaya and Tripura. The number of cases coming to NCPCR has increased by over 61%, but the percentage of those resolved has declined drastically in the second year. It is not really indicative of inaction on the part of the commission, argues NCPCR chairman, Shanta Sinha, because, as she says, \"We cannot close a case till we get a response from the complainant that he is satisfied.\" \"In many cases,\" she continues, \"There is silence on the part of the complainant. We address issues on a case-by-case basis. It is not a mechanical exercise. We may decide to close some but if it's a grave issue, we have to look into it.\"However, Delhi has still fared well. In the first year, 32 of its 61 complaints were resolved. In the second year, of the 517 cases, 80 were resolved, and that was the high point. The number for other states is in single digit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498646", "title": "IIM-Calcutta student rejects plum jobs to educate villagers", "text": "KOLKATA: The beaten track is not for everyone and that is why the world is still worth living in.The story of Puja Mishra, who will receive her MBA degree from IIM-Calcutta on Monday, is a case in point. She has chucked IIM-C placements so that she can live and work in a remote village to educate children and see them through graduation. But this is not the first time that Puja has cold-shouldered a plum job. She had earlier given up an Infosys job in Chicago to study at the management college.Puja schooled and graduated in computer science engineering from Lucknow. She then bagged a job on Infosys' Bangalore campus. After working for a year there, she was sent to the US by her company where she met her husband, Shashank Shukla, who had to drop out of NDA after an injury.It was a coincidence that Infosys offered her a green card at almost the same time as she got her admission at IIM-C through the GMAT and interviews. \"I always dreamt of teaching village kids. My forefathers are from Rae Bareilly and thus I have seen village life for close quarters. Students travel at least 35 km to reach colleges. The girl child is the worst affected. My father would always tell me that I was lucky to be where I am and that my education would be useless if I did not do anything for village students,\" Puja shyly said from Lucknow, where she was holidaying with her parents. She would be in the city on Monday to accept her degree at the IIM-C convocation.With the earnings that the duo had set apart while they worked in the US, they have started Gurukul Mahavidyala, a degree college, in a remote village called Purasi in the Rae Bareilly district. The land on which the college stands belongs to Puja's father RD Mishra, a prominent lawyer from the Lucknow high court. While Puja studied at IIMC, her husband did the ground work to set up the college. Puja wanted a management degree so that she could utilize her training in running the college.In the course of setting up the college, the couple realized that it was not enough to just have a college without a school attached because the students they were getting were extremely weak academically. \"So we have just started Gurukul Public School, an English-medium school. As of now, it has till Class VIII but we will extend it up to the Plus two level. Proposals have been sent to the UP government and we will soon get the approvals. Also, as of now, only pass courses in English, History, Political Science, Sanskrit, Sociology and Economics are being taught in our college. However, we will work towards upgrading them to honours,\" Puja said.Looking at the zeal of these two indefatigable youngsters, the UP government has helped by extending free studentships for those unable to pay tuition fees. The teachers are paid from a corpus that the duo has intelligently created partly from their savings and partly from a huge loan that they have taken for the purpose. \"People often say that we are mad for taking our careers so lightly. But this is our call in life and we don't mind the risk. As far as uncertainty is concerned, nothing in life is certain!\" Puja said bravely.Puja's IIM-C teachers are thrilled at her decision. \"About a decade ago, we had a similar student called Vinayak Lohani who did not wish to be placed and started a school for street children. Now we have Puja. We are proud to have a student like her. In fact, we are trying to inculcate the spirit of entrepreneurship in our students. But Puja is unique, she is not only an entrepreneur but a leader in her own right,\" said Prashant Mishra, IIM-C's chairperson for the postgraduate programmes.Interestingly, as Puja returns to UP after collecting her degree, her husband will now take a break and go to Harvard Kennedy School in the US for a Master's degree in Public Administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499107", "title": "19-year-old held with revolver", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police on Saturday arrested a 19-year-old and seized a country made revolver and a live cartridge from his possession.The police have identified the suspect as Abdul Pathan of Karvengar.Acting on a tip-off a police team laid by senior police inspector Chandrakant Ghodke of the Kothrud police station laid a trap near Dahanukar colony and nabbed Pathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12497989", "title": "High security No. plates for new vehicles from April 30", "text": "HYDERABAD: A three-member committee will oversee implementation of the High Security Number Plate (HSNP) project across the state from April 30. The successful bidder will start fixing HSNPs to new vehicles to start with.The state government had named principal secretary (Transport) Lakshmi Parthasarathy, transport commissioner Hiralal Samaria, Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) managing director B Prasada Rao as members of the committee, while the principal secretary would be its chairman.APSRTC officials told TOI that four Indo-European companies - Shimnit Utsch, Celex Technologies Pvt Ltd, Usav Safety System Pvt Ltd and Tonnjes - have filed tenders for the project. The financial bids were supposed to be opened on March 28, but it was deferred to April 3.\"As APSRTC sent some officials to physically check on the four bidding companies to know their technical abilities, the opening of financial bids was deferred,\" APSRTC special officer (Projects) T Srinivas said.In view of the Supreme Court order, the successful bidding company should be in a position to at least start fixing HSNPs on new vehicles. \"One of the criteria for participating in the tender is that the company should have experience in implementing HSNP in any state in the country. This criterion was incorporated since the successful bidder should start rolling out the project from April 30,\" the official added.The bidder has to supply two crore HSNPs in two years from the date of execution of the development agreement. All categories of vehicles would be affixed HSNPs. However, prices would be known only after opening of the bids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499065", "title": "Kanyadan Yojna assistance increased", "text": "BHOPAL: The State Government has increased the assistance amount under the Mukhya Mantri Kanyadan Yojna which came into effect from April 1, an official release said.The amount now has been increased from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000. The Social Justice Department has issued an order to this effect after Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had made an announcement.Out of the assistance amount of Rs 15,000, a sum of Rs 13,500 will be given for household items for the bride while Rs 1500 will be made available for solemnizing each marriage under the mass marriage scheme to the urban and rural bodies organizing the marriage.Under the scheme, financial assistance is made available for the marriage of girls, widows,deserted women belonging to poor, needy and destitute families. Marriages of almost two lakh girls have been solemnized so far under the scheme since its launch on April 1, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "trust anil kapoor to have a bizarre sense of humour. at the screening of \"1942", "code": "12503063", "title": "Anil Kapoor's bizarre sense of humour", "text": "Trust Anil Kapoor to have a bizarre sense of humour. At the screening of \"1942: A Love Story\" both the lead actors of the film, Anil Kapoor and Jackie Shroff , made it a point to be present.A source said, \"Anil and Jackie have always been great friends for years now. The duo, however, met each other after a long time. The posters of \"1942: A Love Story\" were plastered at the nook and corner of the cinema house. Even Manisha Koirala made it a point to be present at the event.\"Looking at the film's poster Anil remarked to Jackie that while he (Anil) and Manisha (Koirala) looked the same, but his (Jackie's) appearance had changed completely. This probably did not go down well with Shroff who just smirked over the comment.\"A disgruntled Jackie did not know how to react over Anil's comment. Things however turned fine as Jackie took Anil's comment sportingly. The duo then caught up talking about good old days when they were constantly shooting together for films like \" Ram Lakhan\", \" Parinda\" and \" Karma\".\"Jackie and Anil are keen to do films together even today. Any takers?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12499163", "title": "8 hurt in Moti Dongor clash", "text": "MARGAO: Tension gripped Moti Dongor, Margao, as rival gangs clashed yet again on Sunday evening leaving eight people injured.The two groups that are led by Jalil Shaikh and Maqbool Shirshi, who have clashed often in the recent past, fought over a dispute amongst children belonging to members of both groups.Three of the victims belonging to one group were rushed to Hospicio hospital Margao in a 108 ambulance where they are receiving treatment. According to Margao police, the three are believed to have sustained major injuries.The three victims are Mamtaz Nadaf, 42, Kulbuddin Nadaf, 19, and Salim Niregal, 33.The other five victims suspected to belong to the other group were also rushed to Hospicio for treament for minor injuries. These five are Saddam Chapparband, Mohammad Ismail Chapparband, Gawas Mawali, Noor Saudagar and Ibhrahim Haidersab. They were all later discharged.When Margao police were contacted late Sunday night, they said that they were still in the process of registering offences as they were still conducting investigations into the matter.The situation remained tense till late night as Moti Dongor residents were seen huddled both at the Margao police station as well as near Hopicio hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12499319", "title": "Caretakers turn crime masters at Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: Minors in conflict with the law lodged at the state-run reformatory home Apna Ghar, are being used by staff at the home to commit crimes. Caretakers, who have a nexus with notorious gangsters from St Cruz and Merces, allow the boys to escape from the home and the minors are made to steal motorbikes and break into shops.Porvorim police arrested caretaker Videsh Mandrekar and suspect that two more caretakers are involved in the racket. Mandrekar has been booked for criminal conspiracy.Police said a separate case will be registered against him for using children to commit thefts under the Goa Children's Act.Police are looking out for two notorious gangsters who are the masterminds. Explaining the modus operandi, police said the gangsters provided cellphones to the caretakers to be given to juveniles.\"Whenever the boys wanted to escape, they would seek help from the caretaker, who would hand over the cellphone to the minors, who would contact the gangsters and plan the date and time of their escape,\" police sources said. The minors would then jump from the bathroom and escape by climbing the boundary wall, where a vehicle would be waiting for them.\"There are also instances wherein juveniles would get out of the home but no missing complaint would be lodged with the police. Only when the authorities noticed the children missing, the caretakers would raise a hue and cry,\" police said.The racket came to light after Porvorim police during nakabandi on Friday found three minors boys moving in a suspicious manner on a stolen bike.When intercepted, two boys escaped, while the third boy was caught and he spilled the beans on the racket that has been going on for some time.\"Preliminary investigations suggest this is part of a bigger racket and conspiracy as there are repeated escapes of the children. Children were deliberately allowed to get out of the home and then allowed in,\" SP (North) Vijay Singh said.The juveniles apprehended by the police also revealed that the caretakers had a share in the stolen booty that was sold to the gangsters. \"Sometimes they would even purchase stolen items from the children at a very low rate,\" police said. Police have recovered four cellphones, two laptops, four two-wheelers, one I-phone, one charger and one visa debit card stolen by the minors. A two-wheeler stolen by the minors from Old Goa was recovered at Apna Ghar.Police have also rounded up four juveniles, one of who is close to a gangster, and have sent them to Apna Ghar. Two of the children had escaped from Apna Ghar four times in the last four months.In the last few months, several children had escaped from Apna Ghar, forcing authorities to launch an inquiry to be conducted by the deputy collector.Women and child secretary VP Rao said, \"This apprehension was in my mind and I always asked the director, CWC and JJB members how the children could escape without inside help. I had recently asked SDM Levinson Martins to conduct an inquiry into the escape of the children and specifically asked him to look into the role of the staff and other people in the escape.\"Juvenile Justice Board members had in the past written to the authorities informing them that children were being supplied banned narcotic substances at Apna Ghar by some caretakers.Modus operandiGangsters provide cellphones to caretakersBoys wanting to escape seek help from the caretakerCaretaker allows them to speak to the gangsters on a cellphoneGangsters and boys plan date and time of escapeThe minors jump from the bathroom and climb the boundary wall of the gharThen, they escape in a waiting vehicle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497790", "title": "Juhu accident: Police mull booking rear seat passenger", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are considering booking Krishnamani Thevar, one of the passengers of the car that met with a terrible accident in Juhu early on Saturday.Additional commissioner of police zone IX (west) Vishwas Nangre-Patil said on Sunday the police will consider all legal options to find if they can charge Thevar under section 304 of the Indian Penal Code for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.\"Thevar was aware that the driver (Rahul Mishra) was drunk,\" said Nangre-Patil. \"Shivani Rawat (who died in the mishap) was seated on Thevar's lap in the car's rear seat and her body acted as a shock absorber. Only three people can sit in the rear seat. The car was overcrowded and she was sandwiched. They exceeded the seating capacity allowed in that car.\"After spending a few hours at a Bandra pub, Mishra, Thevar, Rawat and three others-Amit Gupta, Nimisha Mane and Priyanka Rai-had got into Mishra's car to go to JVPD for a bite. On the way, the police said, a drunk Mishra rammed the car into a tree. Mishra too has been charged under IPC section 304.When contacted, IPS officer-turned-advocate Y P Singh said the police cannot charge selectively. \"Section 304 of the IPC is for a killing-when there is no intention or motive to kill a specific person-but not a murder. Either you book all or you book only the driver. Because, if a group is pursuing a common intention, then under section 34 of the IPC each person in the group is liable. Here the entire group of six people was pursuing a common intention. So, each of the six persons is liable under section 34 of the IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12499987", "title": "Mumbai University students fume at re-exam decision", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University's announcement of a re-examination for Marketing and Human Resource Management (MHRM) paper seems to have dampened vacation plans for more than 75,000 TYBCom students, who took the last paper of their final year on Saturday.Some students were seen planning to cancel their trips while others cutting it short. Some were happy that finally the university had acknowledged the paper leak.\"Re-examinations create a problem for students who pursue other courses along with BCom. I am a BCom as well as a CA final student. There will be a problem in getting leave approved from my articleship,\" said a student, Chirag Rathi.Another student, Sanath Doshi, said, \"I had planned a trip to Goa. Though I will be back before April 11, I will be in no mood to appear for such a crucial paper. Had the university been serious, such a fiasco could have been avoided.\"Some students were agitated with the university's decision on a re-exam. \"Why should we bear the brunt of the university's lapse? First the hall tickets were distributed just a day before the exams, wrong centres were allocated and now a re-exam! I admit I had received the questions in advance but most of us did not pay much attention towards them. I am annoyed as it was my best paper in the exams,\" said Anuj Parekh.\"It is shocking and frustrating. We generally get such bogus messages for all papers and which one to believe is a task in itself. I don't believe in any of them. I had prepared well and the paper was awesome. Now all the efforts will go down the drain,\" said Nihar Dharod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499568", "title": "FIR against SP MLA for assault", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party (SP) MLA from Pathardeva assembly constituency in Deoria district Shakir Ali and his supporters were booked by the Government Railway Police (GRP) on Sunday for creating a ruckus at the railway station and assaulting a passenger unprovoked.It all began when scores of youngsters arrived at the Deoria railway station to welcome their leader who was arriving at his home constituency by Vaishali Express. What was a bit unusual about this welcome was that the MLA's supporters had brought with them a horse which the MLA was to ride back home.The MLA too did not dishearten his supporters and agreed for the ride. As the MLA and his men moved out of the railway station, some of his supporters caught hold of a passenger and assaulted him unprovoked on a minor provocation. The policemen present there watched the whole incident as mute witnesses.When questioned later on, Shakir Ali said that he was not aware of the incident but hastened to add that that person could be a pick-pocket. The victim on the other hand accused the MLA's supporters of snatching away his cellphone and when he tried to resist, they assaulted him.The police swung into action but well after the MLA left the station. The GRP then lodged an FIR against the MLA and his supporters under Sections 145 and 153 of the Railway Act. While section 153 deals with endangering safety of persons travelling by railway by willful act or omission, section 145 covers drunkenness or nuisance.Shakir Ali hit the headlines after assembly elections after he defeated Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) state president Surya Pratap Shahi from Pathardeva seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "12498617", "title": "7 feet and climbing higher with every dunk", "text": "GND STADIUM: At Class X, Akashdeep Hazra's height can leave many gasping. The 7 feet tall boy chooses his expertise on the basketball court to impress people and not just his height.Akashdeep, who hails from Burdwan, West Bengal , has been training at Ludhiana Basketball Academy (LBA) since 2011. Akashdeeps father Sukant Hazra is 6.6ft tall while his mother Putul Hazra is of 6ft. ''My parents' dream is that I play basketball for the country at international level,'' he says.Akashdeep's father an Army man who plays basketball for the Indian Army team got to know about the trials of LBA and sent his son, confident he would have better prospects here.''I had prepared my self for the trials and managed to impress the selectors at the trials with my game. I am fortunate to have made it to one of the best basketball academies in the country,'' says Akashdeep.With in an year of his training at LBA, Akashdeep hasalready played youth national basketball championship and junior and senior state basketball championships apart from attending national level basketball camps in New Delhi.A Class X student in Greenland Senior Secondary School, Akashdeep trainst under coach S Subramanium and Ashwani Kumar at the GND Stadium.A die-hard fan of American basketball player Kevin Garnett , he loves watching Garnett's moves on TV.LBA general secretary Teja Singh Dhaliwal says Akashdeep is the second player in the academy after Satnam Singh Bhamra (7.1ft) to be 7ft tall.He feels the tall could boy could climb higher as he has a brilliant footwork on the court and is capable to make it to the international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498415", "title": "Four held for kidnapping 27-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four persons have been arrested for kidnapping a 27-year-old man from central Delhi on Thursday night. The accused have been identified as Rais Khan (48), Shakir Ali (40), Rehman (45) and Farooq Ali (35).\"On Friday, one Nadir Shah complained that his uncle Rehan Khan (27) had been kidnapped. We found that five persons-Rais Khan, Shakir Ali, Saleem, Rehman and Farooq-had abducted the man around 10pm from Shankar Gali near Delhi Police Bhawan. They took him to UP and pressured him to return the money he had asked for getting them a job abroad,\" said additional commissioner of police (central) DC Srivastva.The cops raided Rais Khan's house in UP and rescued the victim. Rais Khan and Shakir Ali were arrested. Their associates Rehman and Farooq were nabbed at their instance. The Maruti 800 used in the crime was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499743", "title": "Footboard deaths up as automatic bus doors fail", "text": "CHENNAI: The Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) has shown the door to one of the few provisions that made for safe bus rides in the city.Police statistics show that after the corporation introduced buses with automatic doors in 2007, the number of deaths in footboard-related mishaps had fallen steeply. But with the doors in many buses now not working or malfunctioning due to poor maintenance , there has been a disturbing rise in fatal accidents.At least one person died every 10 days while travelling on the footboard of an MTC bus or attempting to alight from or board a moving vehicle in 2011. Chennai traffic police statistics also show that the victims were mostly males aged between 15 and 29.However, after automatic doors were introduced in MTC's bus fleet in 2007, the number of deaths dropped by almost a third in 2009.The police recorded 32 deaths in falls from moving buses in 2005 and 21 deaths in 2006. While the police do not have figures for fatalities in 2007 and 2008, in 2009, when half the fleet was only two years old, the police registered only 13 deaths. A year later, when the buses started to wear out, the number increased to 21. In 2011, it was back to the pre-automatic door era, with the police recording 28 deaths.Accidents show poor upkeepOf the 3,400 buses in the corporation's fleet, 1,800 have automatic doors, MTC officials said. \"They were all bought in 2007 for deluxe buses,\" he said.Corporation employees say the accident numbers reflect poor maintenance and the MTC's lack of technical staff. \"It was very easy for us when the automatic doors were first introduced . We didn't have to worry about college and school students playing with their lives while travelling on footboard. Now we are back to square one, as a majority of the doors do not work,\" a conductor said.\"It is very worrying on certain bus routes like 11G and 12G, which pass through West Mambalam and Trustpuram as they cross several schools,\" a checking inspector said.According to police data, 25 of the 28 people who died last year were males, many of whom were between the ages of 15 and 29. Transport corporation employees say that MTC urgently needs more technical staff. \"A component called the continental valve that controls both the brakes and doors has to be serviced regularly but we do not have enough men for the job,\" an MTC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497532", "title": "Wife lodges assault complaint against actor Hemant Birje", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Hemant Birje's wife on Sunday filed a non-cognizable complaint against him at Oshiwara police station, alleging that the actor had assaulted her. The police said that they went to Birje's residence in Andheri (west) to inquire, but he was not at home. Hemant Birje had acted in the film Tarzan.The police said that the wife complained that Birje came home drunk and abused their daughter. Birje assaulted her when the wife tried to intervene.The police have summoned Birje and will warn him for his act.Earlier, the actor was in controversy after two small-time TV actors attacked him at Oshiwara when he refused the duo role in his film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498175", "title": "Parties brandish young guns to lure Gen-X", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 28, he is ready to take on three-time Congress councillor and leader of the opposition in MCD , J K Sharma, in the upcoming municipal elections. Pankil Yadav, a management graduate who chose social work over a well-paying job, is BJP's candidate from Najafgarh ward. And he isn't the only young gun.The Congress has fielded 25-year-old Kapil Nagar, president of Chandni Chowk Lok Sabha Youth Congress and former member of DUSU, against BJP's sitting councillor Renu Gupta from Kamla Nagar ward.Both Yadav and Nagar have a common agenda: to bring about a change in their respective wards. \"People want an educated person who can change the under-developed image of the area, which has been neglected for long. It is time for change,\" says Yadav, who runs an ambulance service for residents of Najafgarh. \"The nearest hospital is at least 6 km away. Public transport in the area is in bad shape; I had started a bus service here,\" says Yadav.Nagar feels his ward needs a \"young candidate who can connect with people\": a sentiment that both the BJP and Congress shares. Both parties have shown a preference for young candidates this time. While the BJP has given 35% tickets to people below the age of 40, the Congress has given tickets to about 40 people in that age bracket.\"We have to give chance to young leaders and municipal election is the best training ground. They can bring in new ideas and improve the functioning of municipal bodies. We have given tickets to people, who are well-connected in the ward and are aware of local issues,\" says Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP, who is himself the youngest BJP leader to head the party's state unit.The party has fielded a lot of young district and mandal presidents and even former DUSU presidents. The youngest BJP candidate, Ankita Saini, is just 22 years of age. Saini, a management professional who has worked in Canada, is all set to start her political career.Congress, on the other hand, has drawn on the NSUI cadre, including former Delhi University Students' Union president Amrita Dhawan, who had missed out on the chance to be a councillor last time by a whisker. She is her party's candidate for Vikaspuri West. And this time, she is confident of victory, as she has lived all her life in the ward.\"Everybody knows me here. Last time, I had fought from the neighbouring ward as this seat was not reserved for women,\" Dhawan says. Former DUSU president Shallu Malik, who is a sitting councillor, and Prerna Singh, a Youth Congress leader, are among the other young faces of the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12499687", "title": "It\u2019s costlier than diesel", "text": "MANGALORE: Hike in auto LPG prices by Rs 6.80 for a litre from April 1, the single largest revision since February 2009, has pushed its price to Rs 52.27 in the coastal city and Rs 55.68 in Bangalore.Auto LPG is now the second costliest fuel in Karnataka after petrol (72.43), as diesel, after chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda budget largesse, is available for Rs 45.14 per litre.Prior to the Sunday hike, auto LPG in the city at Rs 45.47 was a tad cheaper than diesel priced at Rs 45.61. Now, diesel price is cheaper than its earlier price by 47 paise.While the public sector oil companies are awaiting a nod from the Union petroleum ministry to hike the price of petrol roughly by 5 per litre citing hardening of global crude oil prices, they have a free hand to revise auto LPG prices each month, according to sources in oil industry.The base price of auto LPG prior to the hike was Rs 39.89. Karnataka charges 14% value added tax on auto LPG. On Sunday, the oil companies increased the base price to Rs 45.85 - by Rs 5.96 per litre. With 14% VAT on it (84 paise) the total hike will be Rs 6.80.The Rs 6.80 hike per litre is uniform across Karnataka with the selling price varying in each city based on transportation cost. \"The transportation cost makes auto LPG fuel dearer by Rs 3.41 in the state capital compared to Mangalore,\" sources pointed.If the impending hike in prices of petrol too comes about, a move widely anticipated, the impact on motorists will be there for all to feel. The only relief that motorists can expect is a reduction in VAT by the state government on the lines of a similar move by the BJP government in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12498874", "title": "Villages feel the need for autism therapy", "text": "PUNE: As the world observes autism awareness day on April 2, there are many couples in small towns and villages across the country who either remain ignorant of the problem their child faces, or are unsure about the future course of therapy or medication needed to help their child face the reality with dignity.\"Ignorance is bliss for parents with autistic kids in villages. Their acceptance and compliance levels are high. As against this, parents in urban centres are more inquisitive and a little rigid when it comes to accept the reality,\" says Leena Shrivastav-Pandit, a developmental paediatrician at the child and guidance centre at Bharati hospital here.Though easy to convince parents from villages that their children are autistic, the biggest challenge lies in helping them with the future course of therapy. \"About 50% cases referred to us are from the peripheries and far-flung villages. Though the treatment cost here is minimal, it is practically impossible for them to visit Pune every day,\" says Shrivastav-Pandit. Therefore, the child guidance centre at Bharati hospital has started a home programme for parents where occupational therapists and special educators teach parents the daily activities and therapies they should perform to improve their child's communication and social skills, among other things. \"The home programme faces resistance at times when parents question the need for it. They argue that their wards are quiet and do not cause trouble. What they do not understand is that their children are self-occupied and sort of withdrawn from the world. These are typical characteristics of autistic kids that need to be addressed with constant counseling,\" says Shrivastav-Pandit.Education for autistic children in villages is another area of concern because they cannot be a part of regular schools unless efforts are made to assimilate them in the mainstream education set-up.Some 200 kms away from Pune in Chandanapuri village of Sangamner taluka, Shubhangi Sule, a graduate mother of a 10-year-old mild autistic girl, Gargi, tried something unique. \"My daughter was diagnosed at the age of 2 and a half years, mainly because my husband is a doctor. But I had to take her all the way to Nashik, which is about 70 kms away, for therapy. This because my child failed a number of times in the nursery class of the local school. I decided to open a school for such children. I could convince parents of 11 autistic children. But we hit the road block because no special educator was willing to come all the way to Sangamner to teach. So the idea fizzled out. Now my daughter is 10 years old and I have got her admitted to a special school in Pune.\" Gargi knows a bit of cooking and her mother hopes she can be trained in basic culinary skills to help her sustain in future.Jalinder Wackchore, a farmer at Girgaon village in Akole taluka of Ahmednagar district, has tried all means to provide education to his 11-year-old son Om, but in vain. \"Nobody in our village knows a thing about Autism. We cannot go to Pune often because we cannot afford it. The government can do us a favour by appointing at least one special educator in every village.\"The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA), a flagship programme of the Central government, aims to address the dilemma of such parents with its focus on inclusive education. The SSA ensures that every child with special needs, irrespective of the kind, category and degree of disability, is provided meaningful and quality education. Hence, SSA has adopted a zero rejection policy. This means that no child having special needs should be deprived of the right to education and taught in an environment, which is best, suited to his/her learning needs.A senior officer associated with the SSA in Maharashtra said, \"Our biggest success so far has been that we were able to reach the needy children in about 66,000 schools across the state. We have 2,527 special educators who go to these schools, mostly located in remote areas, identify children with special needs and counsel the local teachers on how to help them academically and socially. So far, we have identified 3,419 autistic children.\"When it comes to assessing the success of the SSA in reaching out to autistic children, it is important to know that lack of sufficient human resource has been the biggest barrier and not lack of funds, said the official. \"We are training as many teachers as we can through a multi-category training programme. In general, teachers need to have a flexible approach when it comes to dealing with children with special needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499525", "title": "Ornithologists spot 500-600 vulture nests in Terai region", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ornithologists working in the Terai region have found several new vulture colonies, where nesting activity is on, and it is the slender-billed species, which has been spotted the most. New nests have been spotted along the border of Katarniaghat and Dudhwa national park, in Sampoornanagar area along Sharda canal, in Pilibhit's Simhaura and along Palia-Nighasan stretch. \"At least 500 to 600 vultures have been spotted in this part of Terai, a part of which also falls on the Nepal side,\" said ornithologist VP Singh.The decline of vultures has been the one of the fastest. Vulture conservation became a national issue after 40 scavengers were reported dead in Rajasthan in 1997. Since then, both the Centre and the state have been emphasising on saving vultures.UP had thought of setting up a breeding farm for vultures like the one in Pinjore, Haryana. Though it never happened, the department, however, did not deter to give vulture conservation another attempt. In May last year, the department got a scientific assessment of vulture population done and found that more than 2,000 vultures are present in UP.Vultures are falling prey to a veterinary drug called Diclofenac. The drug is administered to the ailing cattle. And, when the vulture feeds on the carcass of the cattle, the drug reaches the body of the scavenger, causing visceral gout and dehydration. However, its substitute Meloxicam, is now gradually taking over, more after its price was reduced. \"If the animal husbandry department continues to help, there is a hope that vultures will not have a threatened existence,\" said Singh.In the count held in May 2011, maximum vultures were found in Suhelwa wildlife sanctuary and Mahavir Swami wildlife sanctuary in Kaimur. The scavengers have a concentrated presence in the state, as only 17 forest divisions out of 74 have vulture population.In UP, all six species of vultures are present. These include oriental white-backed, long-billed, slender-billed, griffon , king vulture and white scavenger. Some of them are resident varieties, while others are migratory. Vultures have a very slow breeding rate, and are said to lay a single egg in a breeding season. And that is the reason why revival of the scavengers is very slow.Currently, these natural scavengers have an existence confined to the wild in the state. During the assessment, vultures present in their nests and habitat were counted. The summer assessment also found that these are resident vultures and not migratory one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499711", "title": "Mattancherry market may see better days", "text": "KOCHI: The residents of Mattancherry have reasons to cheer.\"It was a market that was very dear to the Jews here and it feels great to hear such news,\" said G G Salem, a resident of the Jew Street. Another resident, C C Mary recounted the market scene as it was 62 years ago. \"The vendors came to the market from Chelanam and Kumbalangi to sell rice, bread, fish and meat. The people who came here to buy were from different backgrounds. They were Jews, Muslim businessmen, Christian fishermen and traders from different countries,\" said the septuagenarian domestic helper.Shopkeepers believe the project would boost their business. \"Mattancherry has space for tourist shops but nothing much to offer to the residents or the local shopkeepers. If the project becomes a reality, it would be good for small-time businessmen like me,\" said Rashid S, a scrap-dealer stationed near the market.Mattancherry has around 1 lakh residents including members of the dwindling Jewish community in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "yangon", "code": "12499608", "title": "Post-poll, new challenges for Suu Kyi", "text": "YANGON: Newly transformed from imprisoned icon during a long struggle against repression in Myanmar to a key political actor, Aung San Suu Kyi is now on course to take a seat in parliament for the first time.But after two decades in opposition, much of it spent as a prisoner of the former junta, Suu Kyi now faces a slew of unfamiliar challenges . She must find her place in a perhaps hostile lower house while nurturing her crucial relationship with reformist president Thein Sein and managing the expectations of a nation impatient for change after decades of isolation, poverty and military misrule.There has been speculation that Suu Kyi might be offered a role in the armybacked government, although she has ruled out taking a ministerial post because she would be required to give up her seat in parliament.\"I have no intention of leaving the parliament to which I have tried so hard to get into,\" she told a news conference on Friday.But she indicated that she might be willing to take on some kind of other role, possibly to help resolve the country's ethnic conflicts.\"I'd like to be one of those who are working to unite this country... in a way in which all the ethnic nationalities would be able to live peacefully and happily,\" she said.\"Converting people's expectations into political reality is the big challenge now,\" says analyst Richard Horsey, a former UN official in Myanmar . \"And for a country as poor as Myanmar, that means addressing the plight of families and their ability to put food on the table, educate their children and look after their health.\"Just 17 months ago, Suu Kyi was under house arrest and her party outlawed.Her rapid journey from prisoner to parliamentarian is the result of a bold and pragmatic engagement with president Thein Sein that remains critical to Myanmar's reform process.And she has done this, so far, without eroding the adoration and moral authority she commands across Myanmar . During her campaign, a people who once referred in fearful undertones to \"The Lady\" lined the streets to shout for \"Mother Suu\" .\"The pace of change has been breathtaking,\" says Robert Cooper , counselor to the European Union's foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and a long-time friend of Suu Kyi's , as he toured polling stations on Sunday with other EU delegates.FROM PRISONER TO PARLIAMENTARIANJune 19, 1945 |Aung San Suu Kyi is born in Rangoon (now Yangon) to General Aung San, undisputed hero of Myanmar's independenceJuly 1947 |Her father is assassinated just six months before independence1960 |Goes to India after her mother is appointed Myanmar's ambassador; studies politics in New Delhi1970 |Goes to Oxford University , where she studies philosophy, politics and economics1972 |Marries British academic Michael Aris; son Alexander born in 1973, son Kim born in 1977April 1988 |Returns to Yangon to take care of her dying motherAugust 1988 |Hundreds die as security forces open fire during mass demonstrationsSeptember 1988 |Suu Kyi helps found opposition party, the National League for Democracy1989 |Put under house arrest as junta declares martial law in Myanmar1990 |Her party, NLD, wins elections but the military disregards result1991 |Wins Nobel Peace Prize1995 |Released from house arrest, but the junta puts restrictions on her movements1999 |Her husband dies, but Suu Kyi declines offer to go to UK for his funeral, fearing she would not be allowed to return to Myanmar2000-02 |Second period of house arrestMay 2003 |Detained after clash between supporters of NLD and junta forcesSeptember 2003 |Allowed home after treatment, but under effective house arrestMay 2007 |House arrest extended for another yearSeptember 2007 |First public appearance since 2003, greeting protesting Buddhist monksMay 2008 |House arrest extended for another yearMay 2009 |Charged with breaking detention rules after an American swims to her compoundAugust 2009 |Suu Kyi is sentenced to 18 more months of house arrestNovember 2010 |Released from house arrest; pro-junta party wins landslide victory amid rigging allegations in first elections in 20 years2011 |Hollywood film on her, entitled 'The Lady', is released; Malaysian actress and former Bond girl Michelle Yeoh plays the lead roleApril 2012 |Stands for parliament for first time", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499067", "title": "Four minors rescued from brothels", "text": "PUNE: The social security cell of the Pune crime branch on Friday rescued four minor girls, who were forced into prostitution at two brothels in Budhwar Peth.The police have arrested the manager of the brothel, who has been identified as Kajal Raju Sardar (28) of Budhwar Peth.Acting on a tip-off a police team led by senior police inspector Bhaunpratap Barge raided the brothel and rescued the three minor girls.The police team also raided another brothel in Budhwar Peth and rescued one minor. The police arrested the brothel owner Vijaya Bhimappa Kamble (45) of Budhwar Peth.The police have registered two complaints with Faraskhana police station under the sections of the Prevention of immoral trafficking act (PITA) with the Faraskhana police station.\"We have also booked the house owners, who had given their houses on rent for running the brothels,\" Barge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498181", "title": "Senior citizen robbed outside temple", "text": "NAGPUR: Robbers targeting senior citizens continued their run in the city on Sunday, which was Ram Navami day. Miscreants robbed a 79-year-old Shakuntala Nimbhalkar who had come to a temple at Rana Pratap Nagar as she does everyday. The robbers decamped with a gold chain weighing 35 grams.The senior citizen, said police, was trapped in a mob of devotees at the temple on the occasion of Ram Navami when the incident took place. While returning after paying her obeisance, Nimbhalkar did not know when her gold chain was stolen. Rana Pratap Nagar police have registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497084", "title": "Indian envoy in South Sudan on oil mission", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to the ongoing conflict between Sudan and South Sudan, India has appointed a special envoy to broker peace between the two countries that hold the key to India's pursuit of oil and other hydrocarbon resources in Africa. The foreign ministry's decision to send a special envoy to these countries last week came three months after China, with whom New Delhi is locked in a fierce geopolitical battle to tap energy resources in Africa, sent its own special envoy to handle the crisis and protect Beijing's oil interests.Government sources confirmed that MEA additional secretary Amarendra Khatua, who handles the passport division, is on a visit to both Juba and Khartoum as India's special envoy to help promote peace and protect India's interests in other African nations as well.The escalating conflict between the two nations, which has led Juba to suspend production and shipment altogether, is threatening to imperil ONGC Videsh Limited's (OVL) investments of close to $3 billion into the undivided country. South Sudan has the largest oil reserve in Africa after Angola . It walked away with 75% of the oil fields of the undivided country after South Sudan was carved out last year. However, in the absence of any processing infrastructure, its authorities are seeking help from OVL to build pipelines, oil stores and refineries.\"It became essential to send a special envoy to South Sudan and Sudan to promote India's interests as more investments by Indian companies, running into billions of dollars more, are in the pipeline,\" said a source.With all not hunky-dory between Beijing and Juba yet, mainly due to China's support to the regime in Khartoum for years against the rebels, South Sudan also offers a rare opportunity for India to get even with China. Officials cited the fact that in February Juba expelled the chief of the Chinese owned biggest oil firm in South Sudan for facilitating \"oil theft\" by Khartoum.One of the reasons Indian authorities have been forced out of their slumber is that OVL's production this year has gone down considerably (about 4%) because of unrest in countries like Sudan and Syria . It has suffered in Africa because of the differences between Sudan and South Sudan, with Khartoum seeking tariffs for allowing the newly formed nation to use its processing and refining facilities. South Sudan has retaliated by stopping shipment altogether through Sudanese facilities. The differences soon turned into an armed conflict with Sudan even using fighter jets to target South Sudan troops and also its oil fields.Sources said that Khatua is also likely to visit other African nations as India gives shape to its plans to tap energy resources. Seen earlier as playing only catch up to China, India started to be looked upon as serious player in Africa only after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's extended visit to the continent last year. During his visit, Singh announced India's decision to offer $5 billion for the next three years under lines of credit to help Africa achieve its development goals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12497700", "title": "Four youths arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a tip off, the Peelamedu police have arrested four youths on Saturday, who hatched a conspiracy to attempt a series of burglary in Coimbatore. The police have also seized hammers, screw drivers, and gloves from them.According to Peelamedu police, the four youths, all aged around 20-year-old, hailed from Arur in Dharmapuri district. They were identified as S Chakkaravarthi, V Gopikrishnan, A Venkatesh and A Basha.On Saturday, the locals alerted the police that the four youths were staying in an unused building situated under the rail over bridge on the Avinashi road at Hope College junction. The building belonged to the Southern Railway department.A police team besieged around the rail over bridge and tried to secure the four youths. When they tried to escape, they were caught by the Peelamedu police. The four youths were taken to Peelamedu police station and inquired by the team.The inquiry revealed that they came to Coimbatore 15 days ago. They identified the unused building and stayed there. Everyday, two of them roamed in the city to identify the houses for burglary. They conspired to rob the house of a businessman at Peelamedu on Saturday night. However, the police arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498383", "title": "'Tell us where to park our car'", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpurians living in older localities have opposed home minister RR Patil's stance of not allowing people in housing societies and flats to park their vehicle on adjacent road. Patil, while replying to a debate in state legislature, had warned such residents to park their vehicle only within their compound or face action against.The car owners living in buildings constructed when there was no rule of providing parking space have appealed to the home minister to give them alternative solution and create more parking spaces in city instead of penalizing them. If state police start acting on Patil's warning, worst hits will be residents of Dhantoli, Ramdaspeth, Nandanvan, Sadar, Pratap Nagar and congested localities of east Nagpur.In many places in west and south Nagpur too localities have older independent houses and some flat schemes with middle class residents. After the economic boom of last two decades, almost every middle class family has a car while some have more than one. Most still do not have proper parking space and usually park their vehicles on road in front of their home.D. Watkar, a resident of Vijayanand Housing Society on Wardha Road, one of the oldest in city, said the parking space inside the building was sufficient for number of vehicles 15 years ago. \"Now the number has increased. Each flat owner has two or more motorcycle and a car and due to space constraint, they park it outside the building on roads. It does not create any major traffic problem for people in the area,\" he added.Prasad Durugkar, a resident of Vidarbha Premier Housing Society at Trimurti Nagar, said that while constructing the flat scheme, developer had not provided space for parking cars.\"Though it is MIG colony, people here are ready to pay the authorities for parking rights on the road. We have also appointed a security guard just to keep watch on the vehicles\", he said.Durugkar does not deny that designated parking areas must be used exclusively for parking. He says the buildings constructed before 2000 have no such area. It was for NMC that takes and property and road tax from citizens to do something about this problem.CA Ingole, a member of RBI employee's society at Bharat Nagar, said that to penalize car owners for using the road for parking was not a solution. \"Authorities should come up with an alternative and solve parking problems in different areas. Car owners and other four wheelers could be provided open spaces near their homes for parking vehicles in night time by levying some charge. NMC should also provide good public transport so a lot of people will not buy cars,\" he said..Kushal Suryawanshi, secretary of Gokulpeth NIT Building Occupants Association (NBOA), recently started a pay and park facility for cars on the ground floor of NIT's Gokulpeth building. Suryawanshi said similar facility could be started by societies in market areas. \"In other localities similar facility could be started to reduce traffic congestion from internal roads too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12497843", "title": "Government delay hits Anti-Corruption Bureau's anti-graft drive", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government's delay in sanctioning prosecution of public servants nailed by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) and hostile witnesses have allowed the conviction rate in graft cases to slide down below the 50% mark for the first time in recent years. This even after the vigilance commissioner concurred with most of the irrefutable evidence presented by the ACB.General administration department sources said public servants in at least 800 cases since 2005 have succeeded in either pulling the strings to slow down the probe process or have ensured that a departmental inquiry is instituted against them, since they can buy time. Though the trial court conviction rate was as high as 66%, tainted public servants somehow, succeeded to get a reprieve by approaching the HC, the sources added.The conviction rates were 48.94% in 2011, 64% in 2010, 61% in 2009, 69% in 2008, 52% in 2007, 56% in 2006 and 50% in 2005. Even the dwindling number of dismissal of public servants from service strengthens this argument as it is down to 42 in 2011 against 71 in 2010 and 73 in 2009.The ACB, which has been busy probing several disproportionate assets cases of criminal misconduct and misappropriation over the past few years, has sent its final reports to the government in 377 cases/inquiries in 2011 seeking permission for prosecution, while the numbers were 385 in 2010 and 417 in 2009.A cursory glance at statistics over the past three years indicates that convictions were secured only in 93 cases of the 200 cases disposed off by the special courts. The number was 94 in 2009 (159 cases disposed off) and 89 in 2010 (151 cases disposed off).Refusing to acknowledge a generalized statistical overview of the functioning of the ACB, official sources said each case needed to be viewed separately based on the resources and time involved. Despite being understaffed, the department has been stretching itself to meet the ever increasing obligations, like the liquor syndicate probe that has kept more than one-third of its staff occupied. The ACB's sanctioned executive and ministerial strength of 692 is barely enough to keep a tab on 13 lakh government employees, including corporations, covering about 313 departments across the state. They have to conduct regular inquiries, discreet inquiries, surprise checks, lay traps and register cases of disproportionate assets and then file relevant paper work, the sources added.The sources said increased focus on corruption particularly in welfare and other service delivery departments, in addition to revenue earning departments, has begun yielding results, apart from the existing sustained public awareness programmes for easy access to the public for registering complaints on corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panchkula/ chandigarh", "code": "12498925", "title": "When residents took cops for a ride", "text": "PANCHKULA/ CHANDIGARH: On All Fools' Day, cops got a number of false calls regarding murders, kidnappings, lootings and robberies taking place in Panchkula. Such calls were received at the police control room, while there were instances of station house officers getting calls regarding their supposed transfers or summons by the deputy commissioner of police (DCP). The Chandigarh police control room also received half a dozen prank calls regarding different fake incidents in the city.\"I got a call from someone saying that an angry Panchkula DCP was looking for me at the Navaratra fest at the Mansa Devi temple. The caller said the DCP wanted to see me right away. Initially I got a bit panicky and was about to leave for the temple but then I remembered that it was April 1 and I told him that if the DCP was looking for me he would have called me up on my number,\" said inspector Dalip Kumar, SHO of the Mansa Devi police station. The officer informed that apart from this, other prank calls regarding lootings and brawls were also received at the station.Besides calls regarding bogus kidnappings and robberies, the Panchkula police control room got an interesting call saying that \"Chachi 420 has been murdered.\" An official attending to the police control room calls on condition of anonymity said, \"It was around noon that we got a call from someone who sounded like a child saying that Chachi 420 has been murdered. First we did not realize that it was a prank and kept asking who is Chachi 420 and where the murder had happened but when the person on the other end laughed, we realized we had been fooled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498092", "title": "Hizbul chief's claims diversionary tactics: Home ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hizbul Mujahideen (HM) chief Syed Salahudin's claim of withdrawing his cadres from the Kashmir Valley has no takers in security agencies that term such statement as the terror outfit's diversionary tactics. In fact, government has recently informed Parliament that HM continues to be much active in the Valley.\"Hizbul Mujahideen (HM) accounts for nearly 35%-40% of all terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir and is the most active outfit in the Valley next to Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) in terms of strength and capability to carry out terror strikes,\" home ministry told Rajya Sabha barely 10 days before Salahudin's remarks.In contrast to what the Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir (PoK)-based fugitive has now claimed, the ministry in response to a specific Parliament Question on terror outfit had on March 21 said: \"The HM cadres with the help of its overground workers resort to attacks on security forces by way of firing, grenade attacks and IED\".Government's response that was based on ground report has clearly rubbished what the HM's chief has claimed in an interview to TOI on April 1. Stating that the terror outfit had withdrawn its cadres to border areas after massive protests that rocked the Valley between 2008 and 10, Salahudin said: \"...knowing India would crush the unarmed civilians if they saw even two armed militants among the demonstrators\" - in what is also believed here as his attempt to strike a right chord with his sympathizers in the Valley.Rejecting his claim as \"diversionary tactics\" of the terror outfit, home ministry officials said that there was definite report that the HM cadres were very much \"alive and kicking\" in the Valley, looking for opportunity to strike big if security personnel lower their guards.An official said: \"The HM cadres may be down (due to pressure from security forces) but not out. A number of them had been eliminated last year, forcing the outfit to just change its strategy without actually leaving the area\".Referring to the terror outfit's presence, the home ministry in its written response to Parliament had also said that coordinated operations by security forces against militant groups operating in J&K; including HM were being launched regularly on the basis of inputs received.\"In the year 2011, total 100 militants including 17 HM terrorists were killed in various actions by security forces and 169 militants including 59 of HM were arrested,\" the ministry added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12499471", "title": "Leopard fear in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: The news of a leopard sighted at Lohiya Nagar on Gokul road in Hubli is creating stir among locals.Some residents claimed that they have seen a leopard roaming in the area two days ago. They locked themselves inside their houses in fear. Fear of attack kept many of them indoors even on Sunday.However, Old Hubli Police said they have not received any complaints regarding the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499438", "title": "HIV+ couple shows the way to others", "text": "JAIPUR: Encouraged by the response to the marriage of two HIV+ patients Geeta and Ramesh on Sunday, RNP+, an NGO working for HIV+s, has decided to hold a sammelan in May to provide an opportunity to other HIV patients to get married.RNP+ president Brijesh Dubey said, \"We are planning to organize such marriages in coming days. For that, we will organize a sammelan, in which, people living with HIV/AIDS in the state can participate. This is a new initiative to provide a platform to all those people who wish to get married.\"Dubey said the couple has shown the way to other HIV/AIDS patients who yearn for a companion and want to settle down. In some cases, the spouse died after being infected with HIV. \"Marriage will help such people start their life afresh,\" he added.Meanwhile, Anchal Care Home, the venue for the wedding was teeming with people. MP Mahesh Joshi was among several guests who blessed the couple on Sunday. The couple received gifts ranging from television, refrigerator to even furniture that would help them set up their place.Prerna Singh, managing director, People's Trust, one of the NGOs that organized the wedding said, \"Around 400-500 people attended the wedding. Post marriage, the guests were treated to a lunch. This was followed by bidaai. We believe that marriage between two HIV+s is the best way to prevent spreading of the infection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502506", "title": "Will Ajay Devgn have a Tezz 2012?", "text": "He was amongst the first few Bollywood stars to cross the 100 crore mark with his blockbuster hit Singham last year. Will Ajay Devgn reign in 2012 as well?On his birthday today, we ask astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi to predict what the stars have in store for the bankable actor. He gets to his analysis. \"Born on 2nd April 1969, Ajay is a Number 2 (Moon) person in numerology. He is also ruled by Number 9 (Mars - Aries) and Number 4 (Rahu). Being ruled by Number 2, he is also ruled by Number 7 (Ketu) as these two numbers always go hand in hand\".\"Being a Number 2, Ajay is very creative and hence also a moody person. Otherwise he is soft spoken and family loving. But to the Mars effect, he is also very hyper, temperamental and aggressive when needed. That is why he is good at action and a pro at doing stunts. He likes to be adventurous but should be careful as he is also accident prone. The presence of 'Rahu' will make him indecisive and hence always in two minds most of the times\".\"Ajay will be entering his 44th year now which means a slightly lean phase for the 'Singham' star. Professionally and on the health front both\", predicts Bhavikk. \"His next release 'Tezz' would do just about average business at the box office compared to his past hits and so would his home production 'S.O.S. - Son Of Sardar'. But in between, he would manage to achieve some success in 'Bol Bachchan'\".\"On the health front, he needs to take extra care and should avoid unnecessary stress, tensions, worries leading to bouts of depression and loneliness. Wearing a Hessonite on his middle finger on a Saturday (two hours after sunset) would help achieve better self control, focus and direction in life\", advices Bhavikk very strongly before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12499066", "title": "1.5L ready flats by 2015-end", "text": "GURGAON: Going by the number of project licences issued to developers and considering the number of projects launched in the past five years which are in various stages of completion, market watchers predict a supply of close to 1,50,000 ready flats by the end of 2015 in the Gurgaon market alone. In comparison, the approximate number of ready flats in Gurgaon at the end of 2010 were 55,000.The Gurgaon residential market will additionally have several more options in the private plotted segment with ready villas or developed plots. Considering that almost 45% of the existing 1.10 lakh plots in Gurgaon are vacant, without any construction, the additional plotted developments slated to hit the market might not be a viable option, feel market watchers.Also, for both flats and plots/villas what remains a major question is the actual absorption that will happen in the market, especially by end-users.\"Availability alone is not a deciding factor. It is true that an additional 65,000 apartment units will be added to the existing market taking the overall figure to 1.5 lakh by the end of 2015. But, this will also mean that the population in the city has to increase by almost 11 lakh to absorb so much supply. In order to attract these huge numbers, there needs to be vigorous creation of jobs to make sustenance viable,\" explained Sanjay Sharma, managing director of QuBREX, a real estate analyst firm.What makes these numbers even more pertinent is the non-availability of infrastructure like connectivity, power, water, sewerage, etc in the new master plan sectors where most of the new apartments are being developed.Market watchers express their doubts on the maturity and technical knowledge in handling such figures.Said Ajay K. Kirar, the marketing head of Realtoexpress, \"The real estate industry is a profitable business for many developers, consultants and investors and is a major contributor to the growth of the economy. However, managing such an exorbitant number of residential and commercial properties needs technology involvement for the brokers, consultants and property managers.\"Analysts also feel that since there will be so many units available, builders might take it as an opportunity and throttle the completion of projects in order to have a favourable supply-demand equation. The excess of supply in the market will also mean fewer projects making additional profits.\"Currently, if one considers the total number of projects which are under construction in the city, barely 30% have actually made reasonable actual capital growth when interests, opportunity costs, and overheads are factored in. Therefore, it is all the more important that a home buyer should be careful while choosing the project -considering the builder's reputation and location of the project,\" explained Sonia Vaid, a real estate analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499264", "title": "Jairam discusses flagship schemes with Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Sunday discussed with chief minister Nitish Kumar the implementation of various flagship schemes of the Centre in the state.The meeting in this regard took place at the official residence of the chief minister , during which Ramesh expressed concern over the implementation of Prime Minister's Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY), under which roads are built to achieve rural connectivity.The Union minister also took stock of implementation of various other schemes related with his ministry.He also held detailed discussion on the schemes to be implemented during the current financial year.At the same time, Ramesh gave instructions to the central government agencies engaged in construction of roads in the state to complete projects under their jurisdiction in time without compromising with quality.Meanwhile, adviser to Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations Sam Pitroda also called on the CM on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "12498764", "title": "At 46, Ranjeet is back to winning golds", "text": "GND STADIUM: Even at the age of 46, Ranjeet Kumar Ladhar has not lost his mettle, which he proved with the two gold medals he bagged at the veteran athletic competition held at Chandigarh recently. Ranjeet became the sprint king with his first gold in 100m and the second one coming from long jump.He scaled 5.95 metres for the long jump gold. Ranjeet, who has many medals to his name from his inter-university competitions, says he would now concentrate on the national veteran athletic meet to be held at Bangalore, Karnataka.The Salem Tabri resident says he had stopped participating in sports in 1992 when he became a lecturer in Arya College, Ludhiana. It was in 2009 that Ranjeet got to know about the veteran athletic meets and his passion for sports re-surfaced with an urge to so conquer the tracks. He has earlier participated at the international veteran meet held in Malaysia , apart from the various other state and national meets.A physical education teacher at a government school, he trains at the Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under coach Gurmeet Singh. ''I bettered my jump from the one that won me a silver at the state veteran athletic meet in 2011,'' says Ranjeet.But, the response to veteran athletes from the state sports authorities is something which demotivates Ranjeet. ''Veteran players do not have any support from authorities. We have never received any financial aid for our achievements and bear all our expenses on our own. Motivation will only boost our chances to get recognition for the country,'' says Ranjeet.His coach Gurmeet Singh says Ranjeet's success as a veteran athlete is a motivation to him too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12498235", "title": "Yavatmal fire department ill-equipped", "text": "YAVATMAL: A sudden fire that broke out in an old building in Civil Lines which has the office of district health department that damaged important files and records has caused an alarm. Though controlled in time, the fire has turned out to be an eye opener for the residents of old and dilapidated buildings.The fire department is short of staffers and equipment to tackle such situations. Besides this, the city fathers are more keen in sanctioning construction of big buildings and shopping malls by wilfully flouting the established laws. The post of chief fire officer is vacant while there are only two drivers for three fire tenders. The department is being run with inadequate infrastructure.The district planning council (DPC) had recently sanctioned Rs 55 lakh to improve infrastructure and procure fire tenders which can be operated with five litre of water, foams and some chemicals. A proposal to buy the mini fire tender has already been submitted to the district collector.Supervisor Ajay Yadav said that department needed equipment like fire ABC cylinder, fire active user, additional fire-proof uniform and hydraulic ladder with at least 15 metre length to reach the upper floors of tall buildings in case of an emergency. He said that it was difficult to reach the spot in narrow lanes as fire tenders of large size could hardly go there.Chief officer Rajesh Mohite admitted the lacunae and assured to get it corrected in the near future. He said the procedure to fill the vacant posts has started.Assistant district town planner CK Rajurkar said that there are two zones - congested and non-congested - and certain norms are to be followed by the people. He said that the soil of Yavatmal is not suitable to construct structures beyond ground plus two floors. The area is also prone to quakes.When his attention was drawn to G+5 floor building having 54 flats constructed in the non-congested area of Jaju Chowk, Rajurkar said the municipal corporation had granted permission only for G+3 floors in 1983. However, after constructing G+3, the builder constructed two more floors without permission either from the cooperative housing society or the municipal council. Later, the builder got the floors legalized by way of court intervention.In reply to a question, Rajurkar said there was no arrangement to effectively control an eventually in big buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499768", "title": "Govt likely to keep a count of diseases like cancer, diabetes", "text": "CHENNAI: Worried about the growing incidence of noncommunicable diseases across the state , experts have recommended to the state health department that diseases such as diabetes , hypertension , cancer and heart diseasesbe made notifiableunder the Tamil Nadu Public Health Act .This would mean that doctors will have to register every patient with such health problems with the civic body . Now incidence of only infectious diseases like cholera , chicken pox , malaria , dengue , leptospirosis , rabies , plague, polio, bird flu and swine flu are notified to the government.If non-communicable diseases are notified to the government , experts feel that every patient will get adequate care andsupport asdeathswill be audited ,likein communicable diseases .For this, the state has to amend the Tamil Nadu Public Health Act, 1939 . Health minister V S Vijay is likely to make the recommendation in the ongoing assembly session.\"As hospitals aren't bound to reportthesediseases ,our official data depends mostly on government hospitals . Once the government makes the announcement , it will become imperative for all hospitals - both public and private - to document and report every case . We will be able to document its actual magnitude and quality . This will help us evolve strategic prevention , management and treatment plans ,\" said director of public health Dr R T Porkai Pandian.TheIndian Councilof MedicalResearchhad recommended to the Union health ministry that cancer be made notifiable after it found that 9.8 lakh newcases get addedevery year .In TamilN adu ,too,theincidence is high.For instance , the Madras Metropolitan Tumour Registry says breast cancer tops the list of cancers with one in 29 women estimated to be at risk . This is followed by cervical cancer (one in 46 women at risk ) and ovarian cancer (one in 120 women).Among men, lung cancer tops the list with one in 60 men at risk, followed by stomach cancer with one in 68 people at risk . Oral cancer is common among men and women , though many more men are at risk . The registry shows that one in 128 men and 91 women are likely to be affected by oral cancer.As of now, independent studies show a six-fold increase in prevalence of diabetes in Chennai . A study by Madras Diabetes Foundation shows that nearly one in five people in Chennai have diabetes , and an equal number of them suffer from hypertension. While cancer is the third biggestkiller in India ,diabetes and hypertension are known trigger heart attacks , strokes , kidney failure and blindness.Though some doctors fear therecouldbestigma if thediseases are made notifiable , others predict it would help early diagnosis and medical intervention.\"A person who can't afford treatment in a private hospital will now come to GH. Complications of these diseases can be prevented,\" said Dr V Kanakasabai, dean, Government General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mapusa/panaji", "code": "12499255", "title": "Police deny discrimination against Kashmiris in Goa", "text": "MAPUSA/PANAJI: Goa police on Sunday denied allegations of Jammu and Kashmir's People's Democratic Party (PDP) chief Mehbooba Mufti about separate identity cards to Kashmiris in Goa, stating the department verifies antecedents of all visitors but issues no such document.Speical Branch SP Atmaram Deshpande said police have nothing to do with issuing identity cards. \"We don't issue any identity cards, maybe Jammu and Kashmir government issues it,\" he said. The opposition PDP chief had alleged discrimination against Kashmiris in Goa, calling the process unfortunate and uncalled for.Many Kashmiris in Goa allege they are singled out for checks and verification, especially filling of the 'stranger roll'. \"In a way, it is discrimination and harassment, as the verification form has to be filled whenever we enter the state,\" Ijaj Ahmed, a long-time businessman in Arambol, said.Law-enforcing agencies in Goa have made it mandatory for tenants and landlords to keep the police informed about those staying in rented premises. For foreigners it is the C-Form (Rule 14) under the Registration of Foreigners Rules, 1992, which has to be filled at the nearest police station within 24 hours of arriving. For domestic visitors it is the tenant verification form which has to be submitted to the police station.Kashmiri migrants allege they have to additionally fill and submit the 'Stranger Roll' with the police and register themselves with the nearest police station. The form referred to has space for a 'photograph of the stranger' in a corner. It has also a column for 'signature of the stranger'.Police, after recording details and obtaining photographs of such migrants, send the details to their counterparts in their native states for verification. These are the verified and sent back to police in Goa. The objective is to get the records of the person checked.Deshpande denied that Kashmiris are being discriminated. \"The verification is for everybody, and not just Kashmiris,\" he maintained.Kashmiris insist this is done only in Goa. \"Nowhere in the country are there verification checks again and again. It is not there in Delhi,\" businessman Mohammad Yusuf said.\"Now, it has become a sort of rule even for banks to demand a copy of the verification form,\" Ahmed added, expressing helplessness to continue with business.\"Last month, my father who came on a holiday, also filled this form as we didn't want to risk a visit from the police,\" Yusuf said.Kashmiris TOI spoke to said verification checks may be necessary but these have to be restricted and not every time they enter the state. According to them Kashmiri tourists should be spared the verification and it should be only for those working or running a business in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12499684", "title": "Eating fast food linked to depression", "text": "WASHINGTON: Here's yet another reason why you should shun junk meals - eating fast food can raise a person's risk of suffering from depression, according to a new study published in the 'Public Health Nutrition' journal.Researchers at the University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and the University of Granada, have found that eating baked goods like cakes, croissants and doughnuts and fast food like burgers and pizza is linked to depression. The findings revealed that consumers of fast food, compared to those who eat little or none, are 51% more likely to develop depression.\"The more fast food you consume, the greater the risk of depression,\" said Almudena Sanchez-Villegas , who led the study. The study demonstrates that those participants who eat the most fast food are more likely to be single, less active and have poor dietary habits. Smoking and working more than 45 hours per week are other prevalent characteristics of this group. For their study, researchers assessed 8,964 people for six months, and 493 were diagnosed with depression or started to take antidepressants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498504", "title": "Earth Hour saves Bangalore Electricity Supply Company Rs 1 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: For once the tech city stopped guzzling down power, albeit for only an hour. As hotels, companies, houses and shopping areas switched off their lights to observe Earth Hour across the city on Saturday night, the Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) for a change relaxed during peak hours, not worrying that the grid may crash due to demand exceeding supply.The one-hour shutdown resulted in saving of 0.9 million units of power. Officials said reduction in consumption measured up to 90 mega watts, 10mw less than what was expected.Last year, reduction in consumption was 60mv and in 2010, it was 55mw. The 90mw figure this time reflects increasing awareness of Bangaloreans towards the greater cause of making a positive difference to climate change.However, financially, the reduction didn't make much of difference as cost of generation kept changing from time to time. The Bescom spokesperson said the company saved Rs1 crore this year as cost of generation during peak period is Rs11 per mega watt. The company saved approximately Rs1 crore last year, too, by reducing 60mw of consumption, said senior officials.Prior to the Earth Hour day, Bescom circulated messages to resident welfare associations and government offices to observe the event and save energy. They also sent requests through the media to people, reminding them to use electricity prudently. Most government buildings and offices complied, even shopping complexes, malls and hotels switched off. Sadly, the youth who was the prime target for the event, showed less enthusiasm this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498155", "title": "Finally, blind airfare schemes scrapped", "text": "MUMBAI: Opaque fares are finally gone. After lingering for a couple of days despite a Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) order, online travel portals finally removed such deals from their websites. This means that though other deals and discounts would be available to flyers, deals which kept the airline's name and flight time a secret will not be on offer.The opaque fare offers were introduced by portals in January to woo more flyers. They offered a fare which was cheaper than the normal airfare, but the name of the airline, the exact time of flight and the flight duration were given out only after flyers made the full payment. While many got good deals, there were many who were booked on Kingfisher and had to look for alternative bookings.\"Most passengers want to avoid flying on Kingfisher as its flights are either getting cancelled or do not stick to scheduled time. While the lure of opaque fares was irresistible for an economy-class flier, the fear of getting Kingfisher in the blind deal was causing discontentment,\" a travel expert said.Last Wednesday, the DGCA passed a circular saying all airlines part of the opaque fares should withdraw immediately as the practice was in violation of the Aircraft Rule of 1937. The DGCA stressed that it was against the rules of maintaining transparency of fares.Despite the order, opaque fares were available. Though airlines said they did not indulge in the practice of selling opaque fares, the deals were being flashed upfront on travel portals. On Saturday, opaque fares were pulled off the sites by all major booking portals. \"All opaque fares have been removed and no such practice will be allowed to persist. Airlines need to realize that flyers have to see what airline they are booking on, along with the flight number and the time of the flight,\" said E K Bharat Bhushan, director general, DGCA. \"DGCA is keeping tabs on the issue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503390", "title": "I've been always open about my sexuality: Onir", "text": "Award-winning filmmaker Onir feels it's time cinema should reach out to larger sections of the society.Onir was in Ahmedabad for a cause close to his heart - addressing matters relating to LGBT community. Interestingly, Gujarat will be now seeing the making of the film titled 'Meghdhanush' dealing with the issue of LGBT. Onir participated in the discussion along with Manvendra Singh Gohil, the gay prince of Rajpipla.Talking about this issue, Onir says, \"It's tough to see walls between people. That's why I was in Ahmedabad to show solidarity with the issue of LGBT.\"He adds, \"I feel cinema is extremely important to reach out larger sections of the place. I have been always open about sexuality and I have never felt the need to hide it. True stories can touch people. It would be a step towards acceptance.\"Ask him how difficult it has been as a film-maker? He says, \"When your private space becomes public, it's a difficult thing. But one learns in the process.\"Considering that he treads on the less-travelled path, how has been his journey in the world of films? He adds, \"Economics rules the game. Everybody is interested in putting the money on safe subjects.\" Then he adds with a laugh, \"Even after winning a National Award, I can say that the film is yet to make profit. But it has been overwhelming to get the support from different quarters. We raised money through social-networking sites to make I AM. Four hundred people have opened up windows. They have now new aspirations and new hopes.\"How does one break barriers in attitudes and mindsets? Onir says, \"I feel strongly that education is a great way to understand sexuality. If we have grown up with biases like gender/caste, then I guess we will carry forward these mindsets. It's really important how you have grown up as a child.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504001", "title": "Fusion is the future of music: Madhushree", "text": "After rendering her voice to the film industry for a number of years, and singing in many languages including Tamil, Hindi, Telugu and Kannada, Madhushree has become a popular face today.And after reaching at this acme of success, she plans to experiment with her music now. \" After singing for so many years in classical and Indian styles now I have realized it is time for change. And therefore I want to experiment with my music, I want to make it more youth centric. Since youngsters love fast and rock music, I want to incorporate that in my style and present before them. Fusion is the future of music and I want to make maximum out of it,\" she adds on her recent visit to Allahabad where she had come perform in a private function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12503098", "title": "Green light for Goa Anti-Terrorism Squad", "text": "PANAJI: After several flip-flops, Goa has decided to go ahead with its proposed Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), a specialised unit conceived to combat any possible terrorist attack in the coastal state.Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, emerging from the first ever high level meeting of the police department here, said the ATS is very much on cards as it is the requirement of modern day policing.\"This is a specialised cell which is required for the state. We should have cells like ATS and Coastal Security Police, which are specially made to deter terrorists,\" Parrikar said on Sunday evening.The process to form ATS was suspended by former Home Minister Ravi Naik, when it was half way through. Then the government had claimed that existing police will be trained to counter terrorist activities.Goa has been regularly receiving intelligence inputs about being probable target of terrorists considering the thick presence of international travellers here.Parrikar has directed the police department to avoid any rough treatment to people approaching them with complaints.\"I have instructed them not to be rough with the people and also not to skip filing first information report (FIR). I don't mind even if my detection rate is reflected as less due to large number of FIRs filed. I want that each complaint should be investigated with seriousness,\" he said.The home minister has also ordered the department to crackdown on drug trade from the state's coastline.The Anti-Narcotic Cell (ANC), a specialised unit which is already in service, has been asked to gather intelligence on narcotic trade in Goa.Parrikar admitted that there were some infrastructure issues faced by the department, which would be settled soon.\"They (police) also had some problems. It is like they have a gun but no bullets,\" he commented.Goa police in past has received bad name for their involvement in drug trade and even sex scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12505189", "title": "Summer safety drive in East Central Railway", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) has taken up summer safety measures under all its five divisions in view of the rising mercury. A comprehensive plan has been chalked out under the supervision of ECR GM Varun Bharthuar to ensure safety on tracks.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, railways has launched a special drive at all vulnerable places to maintain smooth running of passenger and goods trains originating or passing through the zone. Extra alert is being maintained during peak time of the day when mercury is high, he said.Sources said the movement of trains is badly affected in summer due to buckling of tracks caused by excessive heat. Buckling often causes derailment of trains if preventive steps are not taken immediately. Railways carries out destressing of tracks to avert any mishap due to buckling, the sources said.The CPRO said an action force has been set up for patrolling tracks during peak hours from 11am to 4pm in each division. In case of detection of any fault, the action force team immediately reports the matter to the headquarters control room and repair work of the damaged tracks is taken up on a priority basis to ensure the safety of passengers and railway property, he said.ECR has started surprise inspections to check summer safety preparedness. While footplating (travel on locomotives) has been going on, particularly on mail and express trains, counselling is on at all important centres from where crew members (drivers and guards) board their respective trains for duty, Ambastha said.According to the CPRO, under the supervision of ECR GM, a team of officials has been deployed to check summer safety measures in the zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12499237", "title": "50-year-old beaten to death in Kolkata's Burrabazar", "text": "KOLKATA: A building caretaker in Burrabazar was beaten to death by four drunk men on Sunday evening when he tried to save his grandson whom the four had been beating up. Two of the accused have been arrested.Fifty-year-old Ramlal Pandey was the caretaker of a building on 34 Armenian Street and lived there with his family.According to police, around 5.45pm on Sunday, Ramlal's grandson had gone to fetch water from a tap near the building.The boy found four porters consuming liquor near the tap. They asked him to get water for them, but the boy refused to oblige. This infuriated the four. They first abused him and after a heated exchange, the four pounced on the boy. He was beaten up mercilessly.Hearing his grandson's cry for help, Pandey rushed out to his rescue. He appealed the four to let the boy go. But instead of paying heed to his plea, the four drunken men attacked Pandey. They rained kicks and punches on him and hit him with blunt objects. Soon, Pandey slumped onto the ground, bleeding profusely.By this time local people gathered at the spot. A group took Pandey to the nearby Vishudhanand Hospital, where doctors declared him dead.Some others, meanwhile, informed the police. Soon, a team from Burrabazar police station reached the spot. They arrested two of the accused - Suren Mahato and Mahesh Mahato. Two others managed to flee. \"Apparently, an argument over fetching water sparked the incident,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12498264", "title": "Relief to Akola Zilla Parishad CEO in fraud case", "text": "AKOLA: The chief executive officer of Akola Zilla Parishad E Ravindran got relief from the district court which stayed criminal proceedings in slum area development fund misuse case. District court judge NV Deshmukh heard both sides and stayed proceedings till April 28, sources said. Following court orders a FIR was filed against block development officer (BDO) and gram sevak of Balapur tehsil on Saturday.The court of JMFC at Balapur ordered to register the case against CEO of Akola ZP, BDO Balapur and GS of Morgaon Sadijan village where the fraud took place. Rs 2 lakh was sanctioned for road construction under the scheme in 2009-10. 40% of the fund was credited into the joint account of BDO Vithhal Jadhav and gram sevak Arun Pimple. Rs 68,000 was withdrawn from the amount. An inquiry found the BDO and GS guilty. On June 21, 2011, the said amount was again credited into the joint account but no action was taken against the tainted officials despite several complaints.Eventually, Suresh Nikade, a gram panchayat member of the village, moved JMFC court which order to register an FIR against the BDO and gram sevak. No FIR was filed against the ZP CEO Ravindran. Following court's the Jadhav and Pimple were booked under 409 and 420 of IPC. But no arrest has been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498120", "title": "Increase in bus fare, power tariff rise BEST way out of debts", "text": "MUMBAI: Raising bus fares and power tariff seems to be the debt-ridden BEST's last-ditch attempt to come out of the red. The BEST committee has called for a meeting on Monday when it is likely to clear the proposal to increase bus fares. The undertaking could also raise the tariff for power, which it supplies to the island city, in April.If the committee gives the go-ahead for the new bus rates, from around mid-week, Mumbaikars will have to shell out Re1-Rs 6 more for ordinary and limited buses, depending on the distance travelled, from 2 km to 15 km and onwards. The transport body has proposed to raise the minimum fare, which covers up to 2 km, from Rs 4 to Rs 5. For the subsequent 3 km, the fare will go up from the existing Rs 5 to Rs 7, for the next 5 km, it will rise from Rs 7 to Rs 10, and for another 15 km, it will be a jump of Rs 6, from the existing Rs 12 to Rs 18.Besides, the undertaking will also raise the fares in express buses as well as Kind Long air-conditioned buses. \"It is high time that bus fares are increased. First, the transport body has been incurring losses of crores of rupees. Secondly, if we raise the fares, we will be able to provide passenger-friendly services and run the fleet smoothly,\" said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta.BEST committee member Ravi Raja from the Congress, however, said his party would oppose any \"rise in bus fare in Mumbai\". But with the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP likely to give its nod on the fare proposal, the administration expects the new fares to come into effect by mid-week. \"If the committee clears the fare proposal on Monday afternoon, it will be presented before the BMC and subsequently, a new chart will be released. This could take about two days,\" said a senior official from the transport wing.For the power it supplies to the island city, the BEST has proposed to raise the electricity charges by 42% and at least 15% power hike is expected for those residing between Sion/Mahim and Colaba/ Cuffe Parade. A few days ago, a public hearing was held in MERC, where at least six groups raised objections to the proposed increase in power tariff. The regulatory commission will first consider the objections/suggestions as well as the BEST's replies before finalizing the hike, a source in the undertaking said. But BEST officials feel that a hike in tariff is the only way out. \"Unless there is an increase in revenue, we cannot see a bright future for BEST,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504451", "title": "'Kairi' goes on air today!", "text": "COLORS explores the sweet-n-sour relationship of saas-bahus with \"Kairi - Rishta Khatta Meetha\"Kairi is a take on the sweet and sour moments of life that a family goes through. It's a journey of Imarti Devi who from a single mother has become one of the most authoritative members of the family. The story will revolve around the lives of the sweet tyrant mother-in-law - Imarti Devi, her daughter-in-law - Ambi's struggle, and her son Anuj who's living an indifferent life in the midst of the son/husband dilemma.The show emphasizes on what transpires in a household when two strong and contrasting personalities like the sharp Imarti Devi and loving-yet-rebellious Ambi clash under the same roof.While Hema Singh plays the role of Imarti Devi - the possessive mother-in-law, Preeti Chaudhary steps in as the swabhimani bahu, Ambi. Jay Bhanushali supports the leading ladies as he effortlessly essays the role of Anuj, the son caught in the midst of the crossfire between his mother and wife.Speaking about the concept of the show, Prashaant Bhatt, Fiction Head of COLORS said, \"The storyline of Kairi is different in its presentation and characterization. The show is not only a take on the sweet and sour banter between the saas and bahu, but also about the dilemma of the son stuck in the midst of it all. The two lead characters of the show, Imarti Devi and Ambi have names that are a total contrast to their personalities which in turn leads to some interesting slice of life moments that will resonate with the audiences. By introducing Kairi in the 7.00 pm time band, we are now providing differentiated content to our viewers in all time slots thereby satiating their need for distinctive entertainment options.\"Get ready to witness the meethi taana-shai between the saas-bahu in Kairi - Rishta Khatta Meetha starting April 2nd, Monday to Friday at 7 PM only on COLORS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501707", "title": "Billa 2 may be a disappointment\u2026", "text": "From the posters released, looks like Ajith will sport a rugged look in Billa 2. Fans out there; be warned that Ajith will not sport the stylish look that he was so famous for in Billa.It may be recalled that Ajith sported a very stylish look in Billa which was the talk of the town then.However, Billa 2 traces the early history of David Billa. Therefore, director Chakri Toleti has etched out a very rugged look for Ajith. Sources in the tinsel town say that Ajith's look in Billa 2 may be a disappointment if fans expect him to be as suave as in Billa.The posters released so far show Ajith in dirty lungi with blood-stained face. However, the star is expected to appear in stylish outfits in some of the scenes.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503802", "title": "Salman Khan's new commitment!", "text": "Salman Khan was announced as the brand ambassador of traveling site 'Yatra.com' on Monday in Mumbai.The actor who was to meet the press at 11.30 in the morning postponed his press conference to 2.00pm but the press was informed the previous night to avoid what generally happens with Shah Rukh Khan . The King Khan is known for his 2-3hour delays at press events. Fortunately, SRK makes up for his delay by answering each and every question asked to him, no matter how serious or silly!Coming back to Bollywood's Chulbul Pandey, Salman is now the brand ambassador of travel portal Yatra.com. The actor in his press interaction said, \"You know me as Chulbul Pandey, you know me as Bodyguard Lovely Singh .....And now you'll know me as Mr. Yatra. I have embarked on a new journey with Yatra.com. Be it, flights, holidays, hotels or trains..rest assured you'll get the best deals! Yeh meri commitment hai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497743", "title": "Caged rats gassed at airport, PETA peeved", "text": "MUMBAI: Caged rats are being gassed to death by various airlines to test the efficacy of their aircraft cabin fumigation. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India has now complained to Mumbai airport authorities to stop the 'barbaric' practice at the domestic terminal immediately.A whistleblower in Mumbai had earlier alerted PETA about live caged rats kept inside a chamber filled with poisonous gases like methyl bromide. The fumigation was deemed to be successful if the rat suffocated and died. The whistleblower also helped the activists rescue a white rat which had been used by an airline at Mumbai airport's domestic air terminal.PETA then fired off a letter to the Mumbai office of the Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) and met the regional manager to urge the agency to immediately stop testing its airplane cabin fumigation process on live rats.\"There is no excuse for suffocating rats with poisonous gas when sophisticated gas detectors have been in use for years,'' said PETA's Dr Chaitanya Koduri. \"We have asked CWC to stop this barbaric and illegal practice immediately. If it refuses, we will ask the civil aviation department and AAI to force it to stop,'' he asserted.When contacted, regional manager of the Central Warehousing Corporation Major Santokh Singh denied that live rats were used to test the fumigation process. He, however, admit to receiving PETA's complaint. The Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), which comes under the ministry of environment and forests, has also written to the CWC on the issue.In its letter, PETA points out that apart from breaching the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960), the gassing violates the guidelines of the Directorate of Plant Protection, Quarantine and Storage, Faridabad. The guidelines clearly state that gas-detection equipment should be used to test the effectiveness of the fumigation process. Also, under the law, it is illegal to administer an injurious drug or substance to any animal or cause an animal to suffer.PETA has reported this violation to the director general of the civil aviation and the Airports Authority of India. It also explains that international bodies-such as NATO ( North Atlantic Treaty Organization ) and WHO ( World Health Organization )-have proposed several methods of fumigation that have been tried and tested for regular use in aircraft cabins. None of these procedures requires use of live animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497563", "title": "'Grounded' trainee pilots to file PIL against AAI", "text": "MUMBAI: Four hundred students of the Bombay Flying Club (BFC) will be filing a PIL against the Airports Authority of India (AAI) on Monday as the latter has ordered a closure of all operations at the club. BFC, the oldest training clubs in the country, stopped all operations on Friday after Airports Authority of Indian (AAI) over non-payment of fee to the Airports Authority of India (AAI).BFC is one among 28 flying schools across India which were prohibited from operations by the AAI. According to AAI officials the clubs haven't paid the land charges since 2007 and won't be allowed to operate till the dues are cleared. AAI sent an order on Thursday asking for suspension of all operations. The BFS has decided to appeal to the court and its officials are trying to get a stay order against the AAI order.According to sources, the club owes around Rs 2.5 crore to the AAI for six years. Officials familiar with the development said that the order demanded a complete closure of the club with immediate effect. The operations were stopped immediately after the order was passed. \"If the BFC officials don't get a stay from the court, they will have to vacate the premises at Juhu in a week's time,\" said a senior official.Sources in the AAI said that BFC had been earlier allotted the land at Juhu airport for a nominal feel of Re 1. However, AAI revised the rule in 2007 and asked all flying schools to pay as per commercial rates. Those registered as educational institutions-including BFC-were asked to pay 10% of the commercial charges applicable. \"The dues since then haven't been paid despite a 90% rebate in the charges,\" said an official.BFC officials, on the other hand, said that the club was allotted the land for developing the airport way back in 1931. In 1946, as per an agreement between the government and the deputy director of civil aviation, BFC was to pay a fee of Re 1 annually to continue flying and training. AAI, which came in existence in 1998 did not renew the lease and after taking over Juhu airport in 2007, it started billing the club on commercial rates.\"This was done without any discussion, warning or even consultation. Now, they have ordered to stop the club completely. We are going to get a stay on this order and will appeal to the minister to let this oldest flying school function,\" said captain Mihir D. Bhagvati, president, BFC. \"We are a no-profit educational institution and cannot pay such a high fee. AAI started billing us on Rs 5 lakh per month,\" he added. Bhagvati said that apart from procuring the stay order, the 400 students currently enrolled in the club will also file a PIL against the AAI. BFC officials, along with representatives of other flying schools which have been closed, will be meeting the minister of civil aviation next week. Juhu airport director, M Yadagiri, said that the order has come from the AAI headquarters from Delhi and it is being enforced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12499133", "title": "Sodiem-Siolim meet sees row over illegal constructions", "text": "MAPUSA: The gram sabha of the Sodiem-Siolim village panchayat held to discuss the 54 lakh budget on Sunday witnessed uproarious scenes. While villagers approved the budget, they took the panchayat to task for failing to stop illegal constructions mushrooming within its jurisdiction.The three-hour-long gram sabha witnessed arguments between deputy sarpanch Leo Dias and attorney of the Our Lady of the Consolation of the Persecuted Church Isaac D'Souza who said that he had been complaining about an illegal compound wall built in the church property since 2009, but the panchayat had failed to act.Villagers also expressed resentment over the fact that the church was being \"targeted\" by TCP officials. The construction of four illegal bungalows by \"non-Goans\" at Maina also dominated the gram sabha, with villagers seeking to know how the panchayat had given the project the go-ahead.Later, at the behest of the sarpanch and deputy sarpanch, the panchayat secretary adopted a resolution to act against illegalities in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "etawah/lucknow", "code": "12499547", "title": "3 killed, 9 injured in Etawah police firing", "text": "ETAWAH/LUCKNOW: Three persons were killed and nine, including a policeman, injured when police opened fire to control violence in UP's Etawah district on Sunday. The police opened fire after violence broke out at a temple over hoisting of a flag. Unconfirmed reports quoted a higher death toll.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has ordered a magisterial probe into the incident and dispatched IG Kanpur zone and commissioner Kanpur division to Etawah. The CM has announced an ex-gratia of Rs five lakh each to the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 to seriously injured and Rs 20,000 to injured. He has also directed DGP AC Sharma to monitor the situation.The deceased were identified as Munna lal Yadav, 30, Girind Yadav and Deepak.Locals suspect the incident being a deliberate attempt to trigger violence. Their suspicion was based on the fact that the miscreants behind the violence had reached the temple in an inebriated state and were carrying firearms. Police also say it was unprovoked firing by the miscreants which compelled them to retaliate. In the exchange of fire, in-charge of Balrai police station, Jai Shyam Shukla, suffered a gunshot. His condition was stated to be critical.The DGP later told TOI that the incident was a fallout of an old rivalry between two local groups over hoisting of a flag at the Brahmani Devi Mandir in Balrai village. Locals had lined up for their turn to hoist the flag when a group of men tried to break through the queue. This was objected to by scores of devout who were waiting for their turn. The situation turned violent when the unruly group reportedly whipped out handguns and threatened the devotees.When the police and PAC personnel, who were on security duty rushed to the site, somebody from the crowd opened fire. In the retaliatory firing, three persons were killed and nine, including a police officer, injured. The firing triggered commotion at the spot.Initial rumours of a dozen persons killed in police firing led to resentment in the area. However, the locals were later pacified. One of the deceased was identified as the person who had opened fire at the police while the other was identified as his accomplice.Though the situation was brought under control within a few hours, police had a tough time shifting the bodies from the spot apprehending trouble from locals.The injured were rushed to Etawah district hospital and nursing homes from where they were referred to Kanpur for advance treatment. Additional PAC and central paramilitary forces were dispatched to Etawah to maintain law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499160", "title": "Woman arrested for murder", "text": "PUNE: A 23-year-old woman allegedly strangulated a 35-year-old person to death, who was forcing her to leave her husband and children and marry with him. The incident took place during the wee hours of Sunday at Kopar Ali in Lohegaon.The Airport police have identified the deceased as Narsing Kashinath Jamadar of Lohegaon. Kusam Ramrao Chandravanshi of Kopar Ali in Lohegaon has been arrested for the murder.Police inspector Sunil Gharge of the Airport police station said that Chandravanshi strangulated Jamadar with her sari, when he was sleeping around 4 am on Sunday. \"After murdering him she informed her brother, who contacted the police,\" Gharge said.When the police reached the spot, Chandravanshi told the police that she had killed Jamadar as he was forcing her to marry him and had also threatened that he would kill her husband and children.Gharge said that Jamadar, Chandravanshi and her husband worked as labourers. Chandravanshi and her husband were staying in a rented room on the first floor of a house since the last four years.\"Chandravanshi came in contact with Jamadar through his sister,\" Gharge said. Once a relationship began between the two, Jamadar shifted to the ground floor of the same house as Chandravanshi. \"He began to harass her to marry him and leave her husband and children,\" Gharge said.\"On Saturday night the duo had a fight on the issue. Jamadar threatened to kill her husband and children,\" Gharge said. Frustrated with Jamadar's harassment, Chandravanshi hatched a plot to kill him. \"She came down at around 4 am and strangulated Jamadar,\" Gharge said.\"We have arrested Chandravanshi under section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Gharge added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "karnail singh nagar", "code": "12498741", "title": "Aunt names Sarabjit and Fateh's little angel Gurkirat", "text": "KARNAIL SINGH NAGAR: Sarabjit Kaur and her husband Fateh Singh welcomed their second child - a baby girl, together on Tuesday. And within 48 hours of her birth, the family started calling her by her name, ''Gurkirat'' thanks to her aunt settled in Canada who selected the name.The couple was blessed with a baby girl on March 27 at 4pm and family members visited Gurudwara Alamgir on March 28 for getting the name alphabet so that they could select a name for her. Right after they got the alphabet 'G' they immediately called the baby's aunt in Canada and asked her for a suitable name. She then came up with the name ''Gurkirat'', which means singer of praises for the Guru.Baby's mother Sarabjit Kaur, who is a homemaker, said, ''We had not considered many names before her birth because in our family the name is selected on the basis of alphabet taken from Shri Guru Granth Sahib during morning prayer, and moreover the aunt of baby selects a name. Therefore, we had left it to her to select a suitable name.'' She adds, ''When the name ''Gurkirat'' was suggested, everybody instantly loved it.''Expressing his happiness after becoming the father of a baby girl, Fateh Singh who is a government official, said, ''I always wanted a baby girl and God has fulfilled my wish. The whole family is filled with joy. I am so exited that I have already made several plans for my daughter's future and upbringing. I also wish to give her everything in life.''Happy with a complete family, baby's grandmother Paramjit Kaur said, ''Now our family is complete with a grandson and granddaughter. Everybody is very excited after her birth.''However, seven-year-old Paramvir is clearly the most excited of the lot. ''I want to play with my little sister, but everybody stops me reasoning that she is small.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499375", "title": "Students perform art of living", "text": "PATNA: A 'flash mob' of over 150 youths mesmerized the people enjoying their weekend at the P&M; Mall here on Sunday evening with their spectacular performance on the tune of patriotic songs for about 10 minutes. The theme of the event was to portray the art of living.The event was organized by the Art of Living in association with the mall management to draw the attention of Patnaites towards the need of de-stressing themselves and making the society violence-free. Apart from the volunteers of 'YES!+', youths from institutions like the Indian Institute of Technology , National Institute of Technology (NIT), Birla Institute of Technology, Patna Medical College and Hospital and Chanakya National Law University took part in the event. They had earlier attended the Art of Living classes for four days.Talking about her experience with the Art of Living, NIT student Rashmi said, \"I was a very shy person but the Art of Living changed my outlook towards life. I am extremely happy to be a part of the flash mob.\" Sanket, a faculty of the Art of Living, told TOI, \"Yoga and spiritual practices are necessary for emotional and physical well-being of a person. Yoga is our nation's contribution to the world. It has a profound positive effect on our body and mind.\"Navneet, another faculty, said: \"We are also organizing 'Yogathon - salutation to good health' from 6am to 7.30am and from 5pm to 6.30pm at NIT on the World Health Day on April 7. Over 10,000 persons would perform 'Surya-namaskar' on that day.\"\"Entry to the Yogathon is free. Citizens of over 150 countries would also perform 'Surya-namaskar' on April 7,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497639", "title": "Send Army chief on forced leave: Brajesh Mishra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Attacking Army chief Gen V K Singh for his stand on bribery allegation and the resultant unease due to his certain remarks, former national security adviser Brajesh Mishra on Sunday said that Gen Singh should be sent on \"forced leave\" and not sacked.\"If he is sacked, then something more may happen. If he is sent on compulsory leave, he is not being sacked. He should be told that enjoy your two months vacation with government salary and then take pension and go home,\" said Mishra, who was NSA in the NDA government.His strong remarks against the Army chief comes at a time when both General Singh and government have tried to deescalate tensions, with defence minister A K Antony saying all the three Service chiefs enjoy his confidence and Gen Singh stating that rouge elements are trying to create a schism between him and the minister.\"In all this episode, he (Gen Singh) has lost his mental balance,\" Mishra said in an interview to a TV channel.\"My view is that both the minister and the Army chief are responsible for not taking action,\" he said commenting on the allegations by Gen Singh that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore for clearing a contract for trucks and had informed the defence minister about it.On the leakage of Gen Singh's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the poor state of defence preparedness, the former NSA sought to blame the Army chief's close aides. \"The PM -- whom I respect so much - is not the man who is going to leak something like that. I cannot accept that any bureaucrat in the PM residence could have given it out. So if the General himself did not leak the letter, some of his friends might have done it,\" he was quoted as saying by a news agency.On Gen Singh's recommendations for a CBI probe against 3 Corps commander Lt Gen Dalbir Suhag, he said the Army chief was \"not authorized\" to do so.\"The person who is authorized to do it is the defence secretary. So the proper procedure was to send a letter to the defence secretary or refer the file to the defence ministry and leave it for them to decide,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12500102", "title": "State forum directs insurance firm to refund excess premium", "text": "CHENNAI: For S Siddharthan from Tuticorin district, a life insurance policy payable over 25 years ended up sharpening his math skills. After his policy lapsed in April 2009 without any notice to him, it was renewed but with an erroneous premium amount.The State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SCDRC) has ordered that he be refunded 2,52, 771, which he had paid in excess, 10,000 as compensation for mental agony and 3,000 for the cost of the complaint .On February 20, 1999, Siddharthan took an insurance policy for 5 lakh. It was to mature on February 27, 2024. He paid an annual premium of 30,049 but he did not pay it in 2006 and 2007. However, he paid a total amount of 66,220, which included a premium amount of 60,098 for both years and penal charges of 6,122 in February 2008.While he paid 30,049 the following month for 2008, Siddharthan was stumped to hear in April 2009 that his policy had lapsed and its renewal had been cancelled.After he sent his medical records and other details again to renew the policy, he paid 1,65,919 as premium dues, 35,549 as extra premium and 23,723 as penal charges. Subsequently, the company replied saying his premium amount was 35,037. Though he sent legal notices to representatives of Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) in Palayamkottai and Tuticorin to refund the 53,150 which he estimated he paid in excess, there was no response. Analysing the records of the case, the bench of A K Annamalai, presiding judicial member and S Sambandam , member, noted that Siddharthan was entitled to 25,771 which was directed to be refunded to him along with compensation and costs of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "12499193", "title": "CUB issue: CM's stand puts Sibal in a bind", "text": "GAYA: While maintaining that though he was not backing out of the proposal to establish a Central University of Bihar (CUB) at Motihari, chief minister Nitish Kumar has said he can do little if the Union HRD ministry went ahead with the university's establishment at Gaya as the university has to be established with the Centre's money and the Union government owns the land required for the purpose. By stating this, the Bihar CM has put Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal in a bind.Now if Sibal dithers on the university's establishment at Gaya, it will be construed as cheap politicking to deprive Bihar of its rightful claim and, at the same time, cause regional divide in an otherwise cohesive state.Responding positively to the CM's stand which, in a way also tests the Centre's seriousness on the issue, CUB Struggle Committee convener Sanjay Sahay said the onus now lay squarely with the Centre and the future agitation will now aim at applying pressure on Sibal to honour his commitment to establish the central university at Gaya.According to Sahay, the struggle committee will go ahead with its agitational programme which includes day-long dharna at nine different points in the city on April 5 and Gaya bandh call on April 11 which are now aimed at applying pressure on the Union government.After the CM's realistic assessment of the situation and limitations of the state government in forcing the Centre to toe its line when education figures in the concurrent list and, as such, it was well within its right to establish the central university at a place of its choice, if the Union HRD minister delays the foundation laying of the university it will send a very wrong signal, said Sahay.Sahay supported the stand of the chief minister that the state can do little if the Centre went ahead with the university's establishment at Gaya. He recalled that the state government was bitterly opposed to the shifting of the ASC centre from Gaya to Bangalore, but ultimately the Centre had its way and the ASC centre was shifted to Bangalore.According to Professor Nishat Anjum, a member of the core committee for the establishment of CUB, the same kind of political willpower was required for the establishment of the CUB at Gaya as was shown in the shifting of the ASC centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12497794", "title": "Ministers fight over 'greater' Guntur", "text": "GUNTUR: Municipal administration minister Maheedhar Reddy is in a piquant situation with his ministerial colleagues from Guntur district warring over inclusion of villages in 'greater' Guntur, the proposal of which was approved by the government recently. While Kanna Lakshminarayana wants merger of only 10 villages, which are considered to be strongholds of Kapus and dalits, local MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad are insisting on the merger of all the 15 villages listed in the proposal for greater Guntur Municipal Corporation. The recent issuance of a draft notification by the municipal administration ministry to elicit a public opinion on the merger of 10 neighouring villages to the existing municipal corporation has triggered a fresh war between arch rivals Kanna and Rayapati.Taking objection to the draft notification, the MP wrote a strong letter to Maheedhar demanding the merger of all the 15 villages originally proposed in the GGMC plan. In the draft notification, the GMC called for objections on the merger of Nallapadu, Pedapalakalur, Ankireddipalem (part), Adavitakkellapadu, Gorantla, Potthur, Chowdavaram, Etukur (part), Budampadu and Reddipalem villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498668", "title": "Sitting on disaster: Kolkata fails to implement fire safety regulations", "text": "KOLKATA: Mesh of wires hang like cobwebs on the ceiling, air-conditioning machines crowd the walls, piled up goods block narrow corridors, bright red water hydrants end abruptly on the roof, multiple generators and transformers occupy the courtyard... that's a snapshot of some of the prominent buildings in the central business district.Two years after the devastating fire at Park Street's Stephen Court that left 43 dead jolted the city out of slumber and prompted inspections at the most vulnerable spots, people appear to be lapsing into a sense of lethargy. A slew of urgent measures prescribed by an experts committee to prevent a repeat of the disaster have either been half-heartedly implemented before being abandoned midway or not adhered to at all.Stephen House, the heritage building in Dalhousie Square, is a virtual death trap with wires dangling all over the corridors that run along the central courtyard of this century-old building. A maze of wire is entwined into inextricable knots at head of the stairs where meter boxes plaster the walls. The courtyard that once housed a beautiful marble fountain, now has three giant diesel generators and two transformers. Look up and one can spot hundreds of AC of all make and shape, right from the antiquated to the latest, clamped to the walls that line the corridor of each floor.\"When the Stephen Court fire happened, it gave us a huge fright. But public memory is short-lived. Then the AMRI fire happened with casualty figure twice that of Stephen Court. Again there was some concern expressed individually but nothing really happened. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation, West Bengal Fire Services, Kolkata Police and CESC did conduct joint inspections but there's been no visible change thereafter,\" said Goutam Mukherjee, who works in an office on the ground floor.While he and his fellow colleagues still have an escape route as the office also opens out at RN Mukherjee Road, those in the floors above will have no chance if an inferno strikes. There have been several fires in the building before. But they aren't going to bother about the doomsday scenario till the next major fire strikes Kolkata.At the Calcutta Stock Exchange on Lyons Range, the first two floors are spic and span. From the second floor onwards, wires hung low on dark, stuffy and narrow corridors. The heat generated by AC machines raised the temperature several notches. The 85-odd stock brokers who do business in tiny cubicles cooled by powerful ACs installed without permission don't care about tomorrow as long as they make a profit today.\"The reality is that the margins that we make don't justify such high investment in fire-fighting equipment. The chances of an accident happening are remote. Of course, if it happens, it will be devastating. But if one weighs the risks, the odds are against a fire. That is life,\" said a broker. However, Calcutta Stock Exchange administrative officer Sankar Lal Singh claimed steps have been taken to comply with fire norms.That the adjoining building on 1 India Exchange Place had burnt down completely a decade ago has long become history. Traders in the building across the lane though, learnt a lesson when a fire threatened to nearly burn the building down six months ago. Though fire fighting measures are elementary, the entire wiring has been changed.At Bagri Market and Metha Building located on either side of the narrow and impossibly congested Canning Street, the staircases are so narrow that it's difficult for even two persons to pass without brushing into each other.Packed with shops that are stocked to the brim with plastic and electronic goods, the buildings have been slapped notices by the fire inspection committee several times in the past. Following the crackdown in the wake of the Stephen Court fire, new hydrants have been installed at Metha Building. But they are useless since there is no connection to a water reservoir. Work appears to be in progress but no one knows the completion date.\"You can see for yourself what the condition is,\" a trader said, unwilling to be quoted lest he be 'victimised' by fellow traders and the market association. It's the same at Bagri Market, where no attempts have been made to install hydrants. The only attempt is a message painted on the corridor wall: 'Do not stock goods on the corridor and obstruct the passage'. Of course, no one cares to follow the sign with goods stocked at will all along the 4 ft wide corridor around the central courtyard.At Mercantile Building on busy Lalbazar Street, the wiring has been changed and water hydrants installed. But here, too, the hydrants don't function because the water pump is not functional. Power utility CESC is unable to provide connection without requisite space to instal a transformer required for the high tension line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498559", "title": "Pickpockets at station held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old man was held on charges of pickpocketing at central Delhi on Saturday.With Jile Singh's arrest, cops claimed, a gang of pickpockets active at New Delhi railway station has been busted.They targeted passengers on buses starting from Ajmeri Gate bus stand.Mobile phones worth Rs 4 lakh were seized from the accused. \"A trap was laid around 10.30pm near Ajmeri gate on Saturday. Singh was apprehended with a bag containing 60 mobile phones,\" said DC Srivastva, additional commissioner of police, central.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12498638", "title": "Security takes nosedive in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A day after the expiry of contracts of 40 PCR vans in Gautam Budh Nagar, PCR vans were found missing from roads in Greater Noida. Police officials will meet Greater Noida CEO Rama Raman on Monday to take stock of the situation and chalk out plans for getting new vans.The already weakened security was found even more deplorable on Sunday. PCR vans were found missing even from important areas like Pari Chowk, Greater Noida Authority office, Alpha commercial belt and Jagat Farms, a hub of paying guest accommodations. The vans were also found missing from busy markets.Generally, on Sundays, additional police is deployed on roads due to heavy footfall of outstation visitors. However, even though Sunday was Ramnavami with people out in large numbers, only two PCR vans were spotted in the city spread over 13,000 hectares. SSP Praveen Kumar said, \"On Monday, we have a meeting with Greater Noida Authority CCEO to find a suitable alternative to make people feel secure.\"Greater Noida has witnessed several farmer agitations, including the ones at Ghodi-Bacheda and Bhatta-Parsaul. Even Yamuna Expressway falls in the same area. At present, farmers from several villages are protesting against the toll that will be charged for using the Yamuna Expressway. \"Lack of PCR vans may led to a law and order problem,\" said an RWA member, Ajeet Singh. \"There is a general fear in the minds of residents right now. If PCR vans are off the roads, how will the police reach a crime spot in time?\" asked Singh.Sources say that the Noida and Greater Noida authorities did not realize that the contract of the existing fleet was going to end. Authorities only swung into action after media reports highlighted the situation.In September 2009, when Mayawati has visited Noida to inaugurate the Metro line, she wanted police patrolling beefed up with the introduction of 40 PCR vans. The Noida and Greater Noida authorities were asked to hire the vans from a private player and they were finally provided by a BSP MLA's relative. Another row occurred when the authorities had to shell out a cumulative bill of Rs 1.5 crore as the rent of these vans per month amounted to Rs 80,000. Opposition parties alleged that the authorities could purchase their own vans with the money being paid to the private contractor. Following the allegation, the authorities had proposed to purchase PCR vans, but the decision was later reportedly rolled back due to political pressure.Sources said that after the Samajwadi Party government was sworn in, the authorities were not given the go-ahead to renew the contract. \"It will take time to issue a new tender for hiring new vans. Till that time, the city can face chaos as far as law and order situation is concerned,\" said a police official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503909", "title": "This IPL, order a \u2018Virat\u2019 tikka!", "text": "As IPL fever hits the city, dishes named after tournament biggies invade restaurant and pub menus.Fancy your favourite cricket player as a dish? You don't have to go the 22 yards to whet your appetite for a taste of the game. With IPL ready to kick off, city restaurants are catering to lovers of the game, with food and beverages that mirror the personalities of the sportsmen they're named after! Read on....Wet pitch, this! The pubs and watering holes have concoctions aplenty. Hard Rock Cafe's has dreamt up drinks like Stumped, Free Hit, a mojito called Power Play and the rum-based drink, Rum Striker. \"Want to try the Tendulkar Cosmopolitan?\" asks Devdas Alva of Ankur at Fort.\"It's just like Sachin himself, we're calling it the all-rounder.\" You can also get into the spirit of things with a Brett 52! \"That's inspired from B-52, we used Irish cream and crushed ice, so it's just like Brett Lee himself - cool and calm,\" he smiles.Rooting for...If you haven't been able to get a ticket to the matches, you can find resonance on a different turf, that's hot and ready to go! The Elbo Room's got the players on a grill when it comes to food appetisers. Fancy a Rangoni Dhoni Kebab or Virat Achari Paneer Tikka? There's also a Badshahi Tendulkar Jhinga, Gambhir Chicken Wings on Fire and owing to popularity, the chef 's dished up kebab favourites - Sehwag's Murgh Pahadi Kebab and a Murg Harbhajan-Sheek-Singh Kebab! Tendulkar jhinga or Virat tikka, anyone?If continental is your thing, try a torrp (open sandwich) that's doing justice to all the teams. For the Kings X1 Punjab they have a Singh Murgh Tikka Makhani Torrp, for Delhi Daredevils , Sehwag Paneer Tikka Makhani Torrp, a Warne Lamb Kofta Torrp from Rajashthan Royals and the Tendulkar Garden Fresh Torrp for the Mumbai Indians !Orders pouring in!While Pure Sin chocolates has named a combination of smooth milk chocolate with cashews, raisins, almonds after current flavour Virat Kohli , called Nuts About U and a creamy chocolate dessert Chip Of The ol' Block, after dada, Sourav Ganguly , dessert entrepreneur Neeru Mehra is also thrilled that cricket fanatics are making the cash register ring!\"We're already getting huge orders for the kick-off. \"Folks want cupcakes in blue, green and other team colours. We've done red velvet 'season ball' cupcakes and ones with figures of cricket players, as well as personalised jerseys with numbers and names as per clients' choice. In addition, there's a demand for bat and ball-shaped cookies, wickets, knee guards and shoes in sugar craft and chocolate and even an entire cricket field with players playing a match,\" she informs.With the menu set, it's time to take to take the battle onto the new turf...bon appetit!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "seeleru", "code": "12497806", "title": "Police apprehend Maoist commander", "text": "SEELERU: A Maoist east division commander was arrested on Sunday from the Janbai area of Orissa's Malkangiri district, close to the Seeleru border in Visakhapatnam district. Divya alias Santhi was arrested by Border Security Force (BSF) jawans from near Chitrakonda.However, sources said that although she had been taken into custody at Panasagondi under Bodapodar panchayat, her arrest was being reported as made in Janbai, on the other side of the Andhra border. She was last seen in her native Pokalapalem village, in Visakhapatnam district's Koyyuru mandal, at a camp organised by the rebels about a month-and-a-half back.A laptop, believed to contain information on the movements of Maoists, a diary containing phone numbers of various leaders and a 9mm pistol were recovered from Divya who was a member of the women's organisational team, later serving as a member of the local organisation squad (LOS).She was assigned to provide security to AOB special zonal secretary Modem Balakrishna alias Bhaskar. Later, she was made member of the Galikonda area committee, one of the strongest committees in east division. Divya is married to area committee member Julumuri Chinnayya alias Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12499184", "title": "Haryana man hangs self in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Devender Kumar Singh, a 28-year-old truck cleaner from Sonipat, Haryana, allegedly hanged himself sometime on Saturday night at Bethora, Ponda. He had been missing since Saturday night but his body was discovered only Sunday morning, the police said.Singh had come to Goa a couple of days ago on an inter-state truck to deliver goods at Vasco. The truck was supposed to return to Haryana on Saturday night at 10. However, the driver noticed Singh was missing half-an-hour before departure, Ponda police sources said.\"The truck had halted near the Bethora junction to eat and stock up on goods. When they noticed Singh was missing, the truck driver along with the drivers of other trucks began looking for him. On Sunday, they discovered the body hanging from a tree with a nylon rope,\" Ponda police said.The police have retrieved the body and preserved it in the mortuary of the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Monday. Police said that they have informed the deceased's family and are awaiting their arrival in Goa.The Ponda police have registered the case as an unnatural death under Section 174 of the CrPC.\"The exact cause of his death is not known. The driver of the truck said Singh's family is poor and that he was was probably depressed because of this,\" the Ponda police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12498796", "title": "City greets Lord Ram on his birthday", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents celebrated Ram Navami, the birthday of Lord Ram, on Sunday with devotion and festive fervour in all temples of the city.Residents lined up at Mahabali Sankat Mochan Hanuman Mandir, Joshi Nagar, Haibowal from morning and worshipped 751 girls as ''kanjaks''. They were also gifted a water bottle each each.''We had organized special prayers both in the morning and evening. Ram Navami is a big occasion and thousands of people visited the temple,'' said Ashok Jain, president of the Hanuman mandir.In Govind Godham on Hambran Road, the idols of Lord Krishna and Radha were dressed up as Lord Ram and Sita for the occasion.''Both Ram and Krishna were incarnations of Vishnu so it had special meaning. Some businessmen brought their account books and kept them at the feet of the idols to seek blessings for the year ahead,'' said Sunderdas Dhamija, president of Govind Godham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12504528", "title": "Now Android app for IPL T20", "text": "KOLKATA: In a first of its kind, a mobile application has been launched on former Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly , something that will help the Pune Warriors mentor-cum-coach's fans worldwide stay updated about the upcoming IPL T20.\"The mobile application is the first of its kind for any cricketer in the world. It has latest news, tweets, pictures, videos and also the scorecard of PWI games,\" a representative of the SCGanguly.com, which has developed the application with the help of Canisrigel Research Labs, said.The application available for free download on Google Play (Android platform) would also soon be rolled out on iOS for iPhone users.Fans could also go to http://scganguly.com, for exclusive interviews, photos and updates about Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12499520", "title": "Udayakumar ordered to surrender his passport", "text": "MADURAI: The regional passport officer of Madurai has ordered anti-nuke activist S P Udayakumar to surrender his passport within 15 days.However, Udayakumar told The Times of India that he would not surrender the passport and that he would face the issue legally. \"I will never surrender the passport. As an Indian citizen, I am entitled to rightfully possess a passport. Let the passport officials impound my passport. I will face the issue legally,\" he said.In his letter dated March 30, the regional passport officer in Madurai directed Udayakumar to surrender his passport as the anti-nuclear activist had 98 criminal cases pending against him. If he failed to surrender the passport in 15 days, the document would be impounded, the regional passport officer warned him.\"Several top politicians in the country and a number of MPs too have corruption and criminal cases against them. Have their passports been impounded?\" asked Udayakumar. \"I have decided to send a notice to the passport officer on Monday for demanding me to surrender the passport,\" he said.The action comes in the wake of Udayakumar announcing that from Monday, the protesting fishermen would go for fishing, children would attend classes and shops would be open. Even as the protesters showed signs of a climb down, the Central and state government appear to intensify the crackdown on the anti-nuclear activists.In fact, the raids on Udayakumar's house and office were carried out by home ministry officials barely a day after he withdrew his indefinite fast. The very next day, two more NGOs were also raided by CB-CID sleuths and cases were booked on complaint from the ministry of home affairs that they diverted funds meant for education and rural development to fuel the anti-Kudankulam protests.The anti-nuclear protesters also note that though the state government officials agreed to withdraw all cases on the 178 people arrested from Kutapuli and Kudankulam on March 19, they backtracked and opposed granting of bail to 30 of 178 people.Though Udayakumar, who is spearheading the protest said that things would be back to normal, a section of the fishermen are unrelenting.\"Udayakumar has asked us to go fishing as a goodwill gesture. But we will not venture into the sea till all our arrested villagers are released. Not just Idinthakarai, in Kutapuli, Perumanal and other coastal hamlets in the region too, the fishermen have decided not to go fishing on Monday. On sending our children to schools we will discuss with Udayakumar and then decide,\" said K Kebiston (37) of Idinthakarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500094", "title": "No browsing after midnight", "text": "Indian Institute of Technology-Delhi has restricted the use of internet after midnight for students in hostelsIIT Delhi has recently taken a decision to prohibit its students from using the internet in the hostel premises between 1am and 6am. The institute, during these five hours, disconnects the internet facility available to students in their hostel rooms.The reason, according to Shashi Mathur, dean, students , IIT-D , is to ensure that the academic performance of students does not suffer. He says, \"The internet connection, which was available to students during the midnight hours earlier, would disrupt their studies. Students would watch videos or be busy on social networking sites; download movies or play games till late in the morning. Hence, waking up late and getting delayed for classes.\"However, the internet facility will still be available to students 24x7 in libraries, labs and research rooms on campus. \"Students, who need to use the internet for their studies or project work, etc, can use these facilities . Also, we have not restricted students from using their own wireless internet connections in their rooms during the night,\" adds Mathur.Students, however, are not convinced. \"We already have a restriction on the amount of data that we can download using the internet connection in the hostel. With the new restriction, we can't use the internet late at night. There are many students in the hostels who use the internet to study at night. We put forward our point of view to the authorities, but to no avail. Since the institute has not put a restriction on personal internet connections, I have to use one,\" says a second year student rooms, it's difficult to download e-books , which a lot of students use. The research rooms are located about 1.5 km from our hostels and are generally occupied by seniors , so it is inconvenient.\"The decision to curb the Ravi Kumar, first-year student of mechanical engineering , says, \"We understand that the institute has our best interests in mind, but without internet in the usage of internet in hostel rooms after midnight was first taken by IIT-Madras . Students of IIT-Madras are not allowed to use internet in the hostel from 1am to 5am. IIT-Bombay , too, followed suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12499942", "title": "6 things to know before selecting a debt fund", "text": "For a long time, investing in mutual funds has been synonymous with investing in equity. Debt funds are still not in the preferred list because a debt fund is seen as a complicated product with a varying NAV and dividend compared with a simple debt product that returns the principal and pays interest. Here are six pointers that can help you understand debt funds.First, a debt fund is a portfolio of debt instruments. This makes it completely different compared with buying a bond. A bond offers specific cash flows (interest and principal) on specific dates. The debt fund manager gets inflows from investors, buys debt securities of varying maturities, reinvests the interest and redemption cash flows he receives from time to time. He also manages the redemptions that investors make from the fund. So a debt fund is a dynamic, running manager of cash flows. All open-ended debt fund portfolios are bundles of cash flows that vary daily. This is in sharp contrast to the inert activity of buying a bond and holding it till maturity. Of all debt funds, only a fixed maturity plan (FMP) replicates this action of buying and holding. Buying a debt instrument and a debt fund are not the same.Second, a debt fund delivers the total return. This is a combination of the return from interest earned (called accrual), and that from change in the market value of securities (called mark-to-market or MTM). A debt fund has to value its securities every day based on the current market value . This means that if it bought a bond, which paid 10% interest, and the rate in the market falls to 9%, the earlier bond will gain in value. The longer the maturity of securities in the portfolio (average maturity or duration in the factsheet), the higher the MTM of a fund. To differentiate debt funds, figure out the proportion of returns from each component.Third, to choose a debt fund, you need to consider only one picture. How has 10 invested in the fund moved over time? Most funds publish this picture , which is the movement of NAV over time, and tells you how the total returns have changed. If you see a steady line moving up, the fund gets most of its return from accrual, and is a low-risk and low-return product. As the MTM component in its total return increases, the volatility in NAV will rise.Remember that over time, the NAV graph will only move up. This is because a debt fund will have a steady interest income, which will make good the MTM losses over time. Your choice of fund should depend on how long you can stay and how much movement in NAV you are prepared to take.Fourth, the return from a debt fund will vary based on the total return it generates, but within a category, there'll be little difference . If you see a steady month-on-month , quarter-on-quarter return, you should be fine.Expect the intermittent drop in performance to correct with time. It is a reasonable assumption that most debt funds will choose carefully, not take too much risk, and manage to stabilise the NAV over time. Default is a highly sensationalised event in investors' minds, but the truth is that no fund manager will hold debt that has dropped in credit rating, let alone wait until default. The risk of selecting a wrong debt fund is much lesser. What you need to worry about are outliers. If most funds are delivering 9%, a fund returning 10% should raise your eyebrow, while a fund giving 8% has no case. If you choose the average debt fund, you will do just fine.Fifth, debt markets involve a good amount of math, logic and analytics. Investing in debt requires taking a view on interest rates, which the fund manager will do. If the expectation is for the RBI to reduce interest rates, the funds have positioned themselves to make some MTM gains should the event occur. But it is also true that interest rates in the market are very high, making accruals attractive. If your intent is strategic, you will be fine investing in income funds that offer both. If your intent is tactical, you will choose a long-term debt fund when the market panics, and sell when the rates begin to fall. If you like the best of both, you may pick shortterm debt funds that straddle both the worlds. Make your choice based on your understanding of debt markets. Do not dabble in speculation if ideas like the yield curve and interest rate expectations are too technical for you.Sixth, expenses directly impact the return. If a fund earns 10% as interest income and pays 2% as expense, 20% of its direct income is gone. Debt funds cannot and do not charge expenses like equity funds. If the expectation is for rates to fall, which in debt markets is a bull run as prices of bonds rise, distributors will ask for more commissions to sell debt funds. In the past six months, expense ratios of several aggressively selling debt funds have risen. Between two debt funds with similar average maturity, NAV volatility, and return, choose the one with a lower expense ratio.-Uma ShashikantThe author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12498199", "title": "34-year-old man ends life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unable to cope with the financial hardships, a 34-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself at his house on Saturday night. However, family members of the victim claimed that he died for Telangana cause.The victim was Mohan Naik of Girijana Colony in Habsiguda. Police said that during their probe, it was revealed that Mohan Naik recently constructed a building by borrowing Rs 6 lakh from his friends. \"We came to know that Mohan failed to repay the loan amount and committed suicide,\" OU police said.There was no suicide note and the body was shifted to Gandhi hospital for a postmortem.Meanwhile, Mohan's wife Vijaya along with local TRS leaders, approached the Osmania University police and gave a statement that her husband committed suicide for Telangana cause.A suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12498173", "title": "Ravana to the fore as Bahujan students celebrate Ram Navami", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ram Navami celebrations were held across the twin cities on Sunday but the Bahujan students at University of Hyderabad and Osmania University instead chose to celebrate the life of Ravana, the 'asura' or demon king whose character is seen as embodiment of evil.Various student bodies which have adopted this different take on Ramayana said that while Ram represents an Aryan entity, Ravana is seen as the Dravidian prototype and a Dalit king, who through certain interpretations of the epic, has been portrayed in bad light.OBC student groups said that over centuries while Ram has been portrayed as the paragon of virtue and a vanquisher of evil, Ravana has been considered an evil character. By denigrating Ravana, the purpose of demonizing Dravidan, Dalit and Bahujan personalities in history is accomplished, students said.Supported by scholars and faculty members, students on both campuses said that celebrating Ravana was necessary as myths and legends had for centuries done injustice to the history of culturally and socially marginalized sections. The campus remained tense on account of these unconventional celebrations with 50 police and security personnel deployed at the venue to prevent untoward incidents. \"We need to question certain cultural practices as they also define history ,\" said G Chandraiah, convener of UoH's Bahujan Students' Front.At Osmania University, a seminar on cultural differences and democracy was organised by a group of students from Dalit and OBC backgrounds where excerpts in support of new and different interpretations of Ramayana were read out.Scholars said that while the story of Ram and Ravana could be mythological, there is a problem in the way one identity dominates the other. \"As per the myth, Ram has been portrayed clearly as the Aryan leader of higher-caste upbringing. Ram is also said to have killed Shambuka, the 'untouchable' scholar,\" said Kancha Ilaiah, scholar and director, centre for social exclusion and inclusive policy.Scholars said that the text of Ramayana itself provided space for Ravana to be seen as a person loyal to his wife Mandodari. He was not sexist as he had given administrative powers to women in his court. \"Ravana emerges as a better leader than Ram as far as values are concerned. Then why should Ravana not be celebrated,\" asked Gogu Shyamala, Dalit writer and scholar who maintained that even faith is defined to accommodate the dominant caste and class ideology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12499670", "title": "Now, a computer that can spot if someone is lying to you", "text": "LONDON: Now, you can easily spot if someone is lying to you, with the help of a computer, say scientists. A team at the University of Buffalo has developed a new software that focuses solely on the subject's eyes, monitoring the movements of the pupils, which determines if someone is telling you the truth or lying.For their study, scientists recorded a series conversations in which a number of lies were told. And having tested their program against a trained human interrogator, they found that the software had a higher success rate. While the specially trained examiner correctly identify 65% of false statements, the computer recorded an impressive 82.5% reading.\"What we wanted to understand was whether there are signal changes emitted by people when they are lying &amp; can machines detect them?\" 'Daily Mail' quoted Prof Ifeoma Nwogu as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498509", "title": "Who will flush out dirty public toilets?", "text": "Outside the glitz and glamour of the IT city lies the dirty picture __ the filthy public toilets. Most unhygienic, no tap or water, no latch on the door, stained toilet bowl, the remains of a sink, beer bottles and cigarette butts thrown around. Above all, unbearable stench. This is just a glimpse of the pathetic state of Nirmala Shouchalaya built by BBMP near Vellara junction on Richmond Road. Those daring to entering this hell-hole have to pay Rs 1-3, depending on the usage.In providing a service common man desperately seeks - public toilets - Bangalore fares very poorly indeed. As per the Bangalore Patrol survey done by Janaagraha and The Times of India a year ago, 70 wards out of 198 scored zero, implying an almost complete absence of toilets here. Even in the areas where there are toilets, most are poorly maintained.For instance, the stinking open toilet in front of Vanivilas Hospital near KR Market. BWSSB does not supply water to such toilets nor does BBMP bother to clean them.Most public toilets do not have gender consideration.The idea of a public toilet is inimical to the civic planning authorities. Pockets of old Bangalore do have provision for public toilets but they are virtually unusable. Then came the concept of Sulabh Shouchalaya like in Malleswaram Circle. But it didn't thrive.There was an attempt a few years ago to have well-equipped swanky public toilets in Bangalore under the brand name of Nirmala Shouchalaya with support from Infosys Foundation. This is a pay-and-use model. Within a short time, the inevitable happened. Because of poor maintenance by contractors, interested only in making money, and lack of civic consciousness among people, these loos became stinking dirty places. Also, BBMP which has to maintain these structures has never done any inspection. As a result, such toilets have now become virtually unusable.This failed service is the best example of how the best-designed plans for the building and maintenance of public toilets seem to come undone.However, Rajajinagar and Jayanagar IV Block boast of well-maintained public toilets.Inhuman ExistenceFor Rathan (22), who has come to Bangalore seeking a job, his shelter is at the Richmond Road public toilet. He lives there, works there, even eats there and sleeps. His tiny settlement is in between the two walls of toilets for men and women. His target is to fetch about Rs 550 per day as he has to pay Rs 400 to the contractor who has hired him. Sometimes he meets his target, other times hardly makes Rs 300.\"Where else do I survive in Bangalore? My earnings are less because not everyone wants to use this filthy toilet. But as it is located in the heart of the city, I am able to make both ends meet,\" Rathan told TOI.Different TakesPublic toilets are the most important part of any social infrastructure. I have seen the model toiletsset up in public parks in Thiruvananthapuram. In Bangalore, there is a need to begin such pilot projects. Availability of space is a huge issue in Bangalore. So they can be set up in parks and rules can be framed for it. It is the question of dignity for women. A simple, user-friendly, hygienic module can be made to begin with. I suggest to BBMP to come up with such proposals in the upcoming budget. Public are ready to pay when the facility is good.- Swathi Ramanathan | Co-founder of JanaagrahaMaintenance of public toilets is the responsibility of contractors. It also comes under BBMP's solid waste management wing. I will get a report from my subordinates on public toilets.- KE Manjula |Chief health officer, BBMP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498050", "title": "Juhu accident: Post police outside pubs, says victim\u2019s father", "text": "MUMBAI: The father of the young woman who died in the Juhu mishap on Saturday said the authorities should do more to control drunk-driving. \"The police should keep a watch outside bars and pubs to ensure that no one can drive after getting drunk,\" suggested Mahendra Singh Rawat, a senior clerk in Life Insurance Corporation who lives at LIC Colony in Santa Cruz (West). His 18-year-old daughter Shivani succumbed to injuries suffered in an accident caused, according to the police, because her friend driving the car was inebriated. Rawat's family performed Shivani's last rites on Saturday and visited Nashik on Sunday to immerse the remains in a river.The police are considering booking Krishnamani Thevar, one of the passengers of the car that met with a terrible accident in Juhu early on Saturday.Additional commissioner of police zone IX (west) Vishwas Nangre-Patil said on Sunday the police will consider all legal options to find if they can charge Thevar under section 304 of the Indian Penal Code for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.\"Thevar was aware that the driver (Rahul Mishra) was drunk,\" said Nangre-Patil. \"Shivani Rawat (who died in the mishap) was seated on Thevar's lap in the car's rear seat and her body acted as a shock absorber. Only three people can sit in the rear seat. The car was overcrowded and she was sandwiched. They exceeded the seating capacity allowed in that car.\"After spending a few hours at a Bandra pub, Mishra, Thevar, Rawat and three others-Amit Gupta, Nimisha Mane and Priyanka Rai-had got into Mishra's car to go to JVPD for a bite. On the way, the police said, a drunk Mishra rammed the car into a tree. Mishra too has been charged under IPC section 304.When contacted, IPS officer-turned-advocate Y P Singh said the police cannot charge selectively. \"Section 304 of the IPC is for a killing-when there is no intention or motive to kill a specific person-but not a murder. Either you book all or you book only the driver. Because, if a group is pursuing a common intention, then under section 34 of the IPC each person in the group is liable. Here the entire group of six people was pursuing a common intention. So, each of the six persons is liable under section 34 of the IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12499106", "title": "Panaji riverfront to sport futuristic jetty", "text": "PANAJI: In addition to the re-construction of the Panaji jetty, for which plans have already been approved, the ports department has now floated plans to also demolish the jetty-canopy and to build a new two-storied terminal that will comprise offices, cafeterias, etc at an estimated cost of about 10-crore.This new proposal has been added to the earlier plan to demolish the pre-liberation 80 m long Panaji port jetty and to build a brand new 185 m long jetty. The Panaji jetty demolition and re-construction has been estimated to cost around 8.5 crore. The work order has already been issued to the Goa state infrastructure development corporation. Captain of ports James Braganza told TOI that the Panaji jetty is being re-constructed because it is dilapidated and not sufficient for present day needs.In the new plans, the existing canopy will also be demolished and a new two-storied building terminal will be constructed there with a built-up area of 2,000 sq m. The ground floor will have offices for customs, a cabin for ISPS security, waiting lounge, small cafeteria, toilets and an ATM machine. The first floor will have offices for captain of ports, ISPS cell, immigration, police, fire brigade, launch owners' association, barge owners' association etc. The third floor will have three cafeterias (like MacDonalds, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Subway, etc) lounge/'sit outs' overlooking the River Mandovi through glass cladding weather proof walls.Interestingly, this new terminal is expected to cater to the state government's \"futuristic decision\" to start interstate passenger ferry service. In fact, the government has plans to construct a monorail for smooth passenger transfer from the jetty terminal to the Kadamba bus terminal to avoid traffic congestion.Official sources said that a total of 40-crore revenue is expected to be generated annually from the jetty-terminal project, which is double the present revenue generated.The canopy-terminal project is awaiting administrative approval and once that is granted, the Goa state infrastructure development corporation will prepare the plans and estimates. After obtaining concurrence from the finance department , the project will be implemented through GSIDC, sources said.With the re-construction and expansion of the new jetty, it will have bollards with 20 ton capacity which means that vessels of lengths ranging from 50 m to 150 m will be able to berth alongside the new jetty. The Panaji port jetty generally provides feeder services to ships at outer anchorage by way of stevedores, health officials, customs and immigration officials, who go to clear vessels at outer anchorage. Beside other modern amenities, the new jetty will have fixed fire-fighting equipment. All approvals of the CRZ and the Goa state pollution control board have also been obtained.The new jetty is expected to specially help barges, which suffer from an acute shortage of berthing facilities. Barges will be able to use the new jetty for bunkering (fuelling), taking fresh water provisions and for doing survey work. Presently, barges have to go all the way to Old Goa or thereabouts for these facilities, sources said.All launches that carry passengers, crew and stevedores to foreign ships at outer anchorage will continue to use the Panaji port jetty.Vessels belonging to the National Institute of Oceanography will also be able to berth here.The construction of the new jetty at Goa's largest non-major port at Panaji is also expected to bring in more revenues for the government.The port earned revenues of around 9 crore in the last financial year due to the rise in exports of minerals through the port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501879", "title": "Abhijeet Bhattacharya accuses Housefull 2 makers of plagiarism", "text": "Abhijeet Bhattacharya, the singer who was once hailed as the voice of Shah Rukh Khan has filed a case in the Bombay High Court against T-Series head honcho Bhushan Kumar, music composers Sajid-Wajid and producer Sajid Nadiadwala. He has accused them of lifting a tune from his album Tere Bina that released about a decade ago and using it in one of the songs in the upcoming film Housefull 2 - The Dirty Dozen.According to Abhijeet, the song Do You Know in Housefull 2, has the same theme melody as his song Baje Jo Bansi Thama Karo. However, the singer stated that he has no intentions of stalling the release of the movie unlike what composer Ram Sampath did before the release of Krazzy 4.To Mumbai Mirror, Abhijeet said, \"This is about the pain and agony. They (music composers Sajid-Wajid) haven't copied the song. They have simply used the lead track of my composition some 30 times in the number. They are such good music directors, they could have simply asked me. I would have readily agreed.\"Producer Sajid Nadiadwala, who will miss the premiere of Housefull 2 since he has to be present at court for the hearing was equally outraged by Abhijeet's allegation. \"It comes as a big surprise and he has sung so many songs for me. I guess filing court cases have become a common habit before a film's release. We are a part of the same fraternity and this thing could have been sorted out in a more amicable manner. What is the point of spoiling things?\"\"said Nadiadwala.Abhijeet, on the other hand, believes that things have already been spoilt. \"I don't want money or fame. I don't want them to give me credit. Neither do I intend to stop the release of the film. Bahut log copy karte hain. But itni besharmi badh gayi hai. They can simply meet me and apologise. I am fine with that. But these people need to be punished,\" Abhijeet told Mirror angrily.Check out Do Know Me (Housefull 2) on Ganna", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499507", "title": "Board faces stiff challenge from cheating teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: It seems that the involvement of teachers in aiding the usage of unfair means in UP board examinations is turning out to be a bigger challenge for the authorities.So far, more than 30 examination centre superintendents and 70 invigilators have been caught helping students to cheat in the exams. While FIR has been lodged against 13 centre superintendents, and 23 invigilators, the board has changed 21 centre superintendents and 51 invigilators across the state. Out of 18 districts, where the exams are being held, Aligarh tops the list where 11 centre superintendents and 34 invigilators have been removed from their jobs. Maximum FIRs, (three) against the invigilators have been lodged in Aligarh and Faizabad. Last year, over 250 centre superintendents and invigilators were involved for abetting unfair means after the exams concluded.Teachers' involvement in abetting use of unfair means is found in several ways. While some were caught supplying chits containing answers or dictating answers to students, few have been booked for helping students in smuggling the answer copies out of the examination centre, getting answers written by an expert and smuggling copy back to examination room. Many have been caught for turning a blind eye to students exchanging answer copies and copying from books and guides in the examination hall.Sample this. In Hawaldar Abdul Hameed Inter College, Bareilly, it is alleged that 900 examinees take the exam against the total seating capacity of 400 students. Students of Samaj Kalyan Inter College, Bareilly, who are taking the exam lodged a complaint that teachers are exhorting money from them so that they can appear peacefully in the exam. The issue was highlighted when students called up the helpline started by UP Secondary Teachers' Association (UPSTA). In St Lawrence Inter College, Lucknow, more students take the exam as against the seating capacity. Here, it is alleged that the centre superintendents were also caught skipping their duties.Another example, where the college management was involved in encouraging cheating is that of Mauli Das Inter College, Siddharthnagar. Here, as per the complainant, a member of the college management committee and his daughter-in-law were allegedly found involved in supplying examination material to the centres, an easy way to help students.The first had idea of the murkier picture was conveyed by a class X boy in Gonda, who carried out a sting operation while writing his examinations. He took a recorder to the examination hall where a teacher was dictating answers to the students. As per the student, the teacher exhorted Rs 15,000 from every student promising them success in the exams. The student who was vexed with this attitude of teachers showed courage and action was taken against the teacher.The practice of using unfair means by teachers is largely found in private and self-financed institutions. UPSTA state secretary RP Mishra said, \"Some secondary education department officials are hand-in-glove with the education mafia. The top most officials are corrupt and involved in open and mass copying. Since, the state's chief minister himself is in charge of secondary education, we raise hope that something will be done to stop unfair practices carried out by teachers which is taking its toll.\"As per the rules, a government school or an inter college should be the first priority followed by aided schools when it comes to allotting exam centres. The last preference should be given to the self-financed institutions. Ironically, things are completely reverse.When asked to comment, director, secondary education, Basudev Yadav said: We are taking immediate action by lodging FIRs and changing the centre superintendents and invigilators caught using unfair means. This is the best we can do from our side to put a check on cheating.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502269", "title": "TOEFL Ready", "text": "Teresa Sanchez-Lazer, executive director, TOEFL Programme, ETS, talks to Diptiman Dewan on preparing for the testQ- What is the TOEFL?The TOEFL measures an individual's ability to use and understand English and evaluates listening, reading, speaking, and writing skills.Students from over 180 countries take the TOEFL test. More than 27 million students have tested to date and the number of students choosing the TOEFL test continues to grow rapidly.Q- How many times in the year is the TOEFL held? Where can one write the TOEFL?Testing administration dates for the TOEFL are held approximately 38-40 times a year. The TOEFL test is administered at more than 4,500 testing centres in more than 165 countries. A listing of test administration dates and locations is available at http://www.ets.org/Media/Tests/TOEFL/tclists/IBT_a.html.Q- When is the right time to take the test?We encourage students to provide themselves ample time to study for the TOEFL. ETS has numerous resources to assist Indian students in studying for the TOEFL test including:1. The TOEFL Go Anywhere website, available at www.TOEFLGoAnywhere.org offers sample test questions and study resources, as well as access to registration. 2. TOEFL Go Anywhere-India Facebook page, available at www.facebook.com/toeflgoanywhereindia, provides study tips and timely updates regarding the TOEFL test. 3. \"Inside the TOEFL\u00ae Test\" Video Series: A new five-part video series available at http://www.ets.org/toefl/ibt/about/video_library offers an in-depth look at the TOEFL iBT Speaking and Writing questions, including tips, sample questions, scoring criteria and a sample response. 4. The TOEFL India Customer Support Center offers guidance and timely information for students regarding the TOEFL test. The center is accessible by phone toll-free directly from India, Monday-Friday from 9am - 5pm, India Standard Time, at 000-800-100-3780. In addition, student inquiries can be sent via e-mail to TOEFLsupport4India@ets.orgQ- Is TOEFL an online test?Yes, the TOEFL iBT test is administered via the Internet. Approximately 96% of all TOEFL tests are taken online.Q- What are the choices of timings for taking the test?Students interested in taking the TOEFL test should refer to the TOEFL registration page for dates and locations available at http://www.ets.org/Media/Tests/TOEFL/tclists/IBT_a.htmlQ- How long does the TOEFL take to complete?The TOEFL takes approximately four hours to complete. The entire testing process can be completed in a half day.Q- What is considered a good score in TOEFL? Which universities recognise TOEFL scores, and for which programmes? What is the cut-off score required by top universities?Each institution sets their individual requested TOEFL score. ETS does not set scores. More than 8,500 institutions worldwide accept the TOEFL test. It is the most widely accepted English-language assessment.Q- How is the test scored?The TOEFL iBT test provides scores in four skill areas - Reading, Listening, Speaking and Writing - and a total score:Reading 0-30 Listening 0-30 Speaking 0-30 Writing 0-30 Total Score 0-120The total score is the sum of the four skill scores.Q- How long does it take for results to be declared? How long is it valid?TOEFL test scores are valid for two years.Q- What is the scoring process for the test?The scoring process used by the TOEFL test is fair and objective. The TOEFL test measures integrated skills needed to succeed in a classroom. It simulates real-world academic tasks such as reading and summarising a passage (reading and writing).The TOEFL separates the testing and marking processes to ensure secure, unbiased, and fair scores. The review process also involves multiple markers for each test taker, rather than depending on the opinion of one person. For example, the speaking section is marked by three to six highly-trained individuals.Q- How many times can a student take the test?Students can take the TOEFL test once a month. There is no limit on the number of times a student can take the TOEFL test.Q- Is it recognised anywhere other than the US?It is accepted by more than 8,500 institutions in more than 130 countries, including Australia, Canada, the UK, and the United States.Students from India can now submit their TOEFL scores for both admissions and student visa purposes in Australia.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498551", "title": "Music to soothe you this summer", "text": "Ramanavami is here and so is the country's longest running, and perhaps the biggest, music festival. The 74th Ramnavami National Music Festival kicked off at Rama Seva Mandali ground in Chamarajpet on Sunday evening, with a soulful performance by saxophonist Kadri Gopalnath.A 6,000-strong capacity crowd soaked in the city's flagship musical event.The festival will continue till May 6 with star performers from across the country participating. KJ Yesudas, Pandit Ajoy Chakraborty, Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, Pandit Ronu Majumdar, Anuradha Madhusudhan, Vijaya Siva, TV Shankaranarayana, Sudha Raghunathan and Hyderabad Brothers are among the prominent performers.The Mandali this time is targeting music lovers among GenY. About 40% of the crowd at the inaugural performance comprised young boys and girls.The performance by Yesudas is billed to be the highlight of this edition. \"Yesudas is our most celebrated performer every year and it won't be different this year too,\" said SN Ramprasad, management trustee.Basaveshwaranagar showThe rich variety of Karnataka's musical heritage will be on show at the 26-day Ramanavami music festival which opened on Sunday at Basaveshwaranagar.The festival, organized by Sri Vani Education Centre, Basaveshwaranagar, was inaugurated chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda.''Besides big names from the state, this year we have roped in an artiste each from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu ,\" said Laxmi Keshava, VP, Sri Vani Education Centre, Rajajinagar and coordinator of this music and dance festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499694", "title": "Authorities fail to take action against shops violating law", "text": "KOCHI: Despite a directive from Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (CDRF) to ensure that all shops in district should exhibit price boards, the authorities have not taken any serious steps to implement the same. In the last three months, the officials in district supply office have conducted enforcement drives only in 508 shops in the district.Following a petition filed by a consumer in February, CDRF had asked the district administration and police officials to ensure that price of essential commodities should be displayed in the shop. According to the order, in every shop and restaurant functioning in the district should display stock list and price list of essential commodities at entrance or other conspicuous part.A Rajesh, president of CDRF said that every month they receive 90 to 100 petitions from consumers who complain about the shop keepers. \"Most number of complaints we receive are against shopkeepers charging higher price and many shops fail to display price list of commodities they sell,\" he said.Many consumer protection rights activists are of the opinion that though there are rules and regulations to protect the rights of consumers, many are not following it. Advocate Mathew Paul, president of Kerala State Consumer Welfare Organisation even though there are rules, the authorities are least bothered in enforcing the same.\"It is the right of the consumer to know the price of the commodities they are buying. According to the essential commodities act, it is mandatory that every shop should display price list of the commodities they are selling,\" said Mathew. \"There are about 5000 shops selling essential commodities in the city limits. But most of the shops are not displaying price list,\" he said.Meanwhile officials in district supply office, who are supposed to carry out the enforcements, said that most of the time they are conducting frequent raids in shops and have took action against several shops in the district. \"During our raids we frequently check whether they are displaying price list as per law and take actions against violators. Last month we have raided 159 shops in the district and found 12 irregularities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12498757", "title": "Silver jubilee does not bring cheer to Karipur airport users", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The development of the airport and lack of passenger amenities remain major concerns even as the Karipur International Airport celebrated its silver jubilee on Sunday.The development of the airport, which was inaugurated in April 1988, has been pending for a long time due to the issues related with land acquisition. The Airports Authority of India awaits the transfer of additional land from the state government for infrastructural projects.The airport has only 24 emigration officers compared to 60 at Thiruvananthapuram airport and 200 at Kochi airport. Different organizations sought appointment of more emigration officers as the shortage has been forcing passengers to wait for hours for emigration clearance.\"Lack of labourers and scanners force passengers to wait for hours to get their luggages back,\" said M P M Mubasheer, secretary, Malabar Chamber of Commerce. Due to the lack of amenities several passengers prefer Kochi airport, he said.Airport officials say new passenger amenities and facilities like international arrival block at a cost of Rs 125 crore, new apron parking stand for Rs 30 crore, airport emergency medical centre, automated air traffic service centre and ADS-B surveillance system, advanced bomb detection and disposal system inspection are in the various stages of execution and completion.The airport on an average handles 50 aircraft daily, including arrivals and departures, with majority of them operating in international routes. Last year the airport handled 20 lakh passengers registering an increase of two lakh passengers compared to last year's 18 lakh.Kozhikode: Even as the Karipur International Airport celebrated its silver jubilee on Sunday, development of the airport and increasing of passenger amenities remain major concerns.The airport, which was inaugurated in April 1988, does not have adequate facilities to meet the requirements of passengers, according to passengers and trade bodies. The development of the airport has been pending for a long time due to the issues related land acquisition. According to the Airports Authority of India, it is awaiting the transfer of additional land from the state government for taking up infrastructural projects.The airport also does not have enough emigration officers and different organizations have been demanding for appointing of enough emigration officers as the Airport has only 24 emigration officers compared to the 60 of the Thiruvananthapuram airport and 200 of Kochin airport. The shortage of emigration officers has been causing many difficulties to the passengers as they are being forced to wait for hours for emigration clearance.\"Despite the increase in the passenger traffic over the years, the airport does not have amenities for the passengers. Due to the lack of labourers and scanners have to wait for hours to get their luggages, said, M P M Mubasheer, secretary, Malabar Chamber of Commerce. He added that due to the lack of amenities here several passengers prefer Kochi airport.Last year the airport handled 20 lakh passengers registering an increase of two lakh passengers from the previous year's 18 lakh. The airport on an average handles 50 airplanes, including arrivals and departures, with majority of them being operating in international routes.Mubasheer expressed the concern that with the Kannur airport start functioning significance of the Karipur International Airport is likely decrease if steps have not taken for its development.According to the airport officials, new passenger amenities and facilities such as international arrival block at a cost of 125 Crores, new apron parking stand at a cost of 30 Crores, airport emergency medical centre, automated air traffic service centre and ADS-B Surveillance System, the first of its kind in Kerala, advanced bomb detection and disposal system inspection are in the various stages of execution and completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504738", "title": "Fun Easter dessert recipes", "text": "With Easter round the corner, we get a a couple of easy and fast recipes of sweets that you can make at your place and please your sweet tooth.Easter Egg NestsPreparation time: 30 minutesCooking time: 5 minutesReady in: 35 minutesIngredients- 3 drops green food coloring- 1/2 teaspoon milk- 1/3 cups flaked coconut- 6 ounces white confectioners' coatingMethod- Mix food coloring with milk and add coconut. Mix till it is evenly tinted.- Melt confectioners' coating and stir it every 15 to 30 seconds till its smooth. Mix it with the coconut mixture and place it on a waxed paper. Shape the mixture like a bird's nest, making a slight indentation in the center.- Once it is cooled completely and put the coloured candies in the centre.- Ready to serve.Easter Lamp CakePreparation time: 45 minutesCooking time: 35 minutesReady in: One hour and 20 minutesIngredients- 1 (18.25 ounce) package white cake mix- 1 (16 ounce) can white frosting- 3 cups flaked coconut- 2 black jellybeans- 1 black shoestring licorice- 2 drops green food coloringMethod- Prepare the cake mix according to package directions and bake the batter in two halves of a stand-up lamb cake pan(mould). Let it cool completely.- Stick the two halves of the lamb together using white frosting. Sit the lamb up and frost the entire lamb.- Coat the entire lamb with coconut flakes. Use jelly beans as eyes and licorice for whiskers.- You can tint any remaining coconut with green food color and use as grass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "12498247", "title": "Couples disown girl, fight over baby boy", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: A newborn girl has been abandoned in Jodhpur's Umaid Hospital since her birth seven days ago, and is waiting for a DNA test to identify her biological parents.She was born on the same night when another boy was born in the hospital. While the two couples are fighting to claim the boy, saying the babies were switched by the hospital staff, the girl has been deprived of her right to mother's attention, universally acknowledged as crucial for the healthy development of a child.The newborn has so far been through three committees formed to choose which one of the two couples are her biological parents. Two committees gave their reports on the basis of blood samples. However, the declared parents have refused to accept the child and want confirmation from the third committee that will give the DNA test results, which will take at least 40 days.According to hospital superintendent Narendra Chhangani, a boy was born to one Reshmi Devi and a girl to one Poonam Kanwar on March 25. \"But the negligent staff, whom we have given disciplinary notices, handed the boy to Poonam by mistake,\" Chhangani said.There was a ruckus when the staff took the boy back and gave the girl to Poonam saying there was a mistake. Both Poonam and Reshmi began claiming the boy.After the police intervened, the hospital decided to go for a DNA test to match the infants with their respective parents. \"We tried to convince Poonam's family that she gave birth to the girl. We also proved it medically by matching the blood groups, but they refused to accept the results and preferred to wait for the DNA report,\" Chhangani said.The boy is in Reshmi's care and the girl is in the hospital's nursery, waiting for the DNA results. The nursing staff have been taking care of her. \"It is very unfortunate that this girl is being punished for being a girl,\" said one nurse.Chhangani said the hospital may shift the girl to a child care home. \"We are trying to persuade the girl's father, Chain Singh, to give us in writing that the baby is his. If he doesn't, we'd have no option but to shift the girl to a baby care home,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12500069", "title": "Formative care", "text": "NEW DELHI: The early years of childhood are the most formative time for growth and development. By age three, 80% of synaptic connections are already made between the brain and the body. Early Childhood Development (ECD) is a discipline, which integrates health, nutrition, cognitive and psychosocial development of children . Lately, there has been more awareness about ECD in academia and state policies.Jamia Millia Islamia University in collaboration with Save the Children , an NGO, has established an early childhood development centre , which offers a postgraduate degree programme in ECD. The centre works in bridging the gaps between theory, research, policy and practice through research, advocacy and capacity building.Rekha Sharma Sen, chair professor , child development, says, \"The field of child development was neglected in our country for long, but internationally the concept was strong. With the government recently framing policies on integrated child development , we thought of having a dedicated Master's programme on the subject.\"The course is open to all with a Bachelor's degree in child development , home science, psychology, with 50% marks or a Bachelor's degree in any other stream with an aggregate of 55%. The student intake is 20.Says Sen, \"Unlike other child development programmes, we have research and training as two major components of the course. We offer hands-on training to students to carry out ECD activities and understand children in their sociocultural context. We are looking at the child from all perspectives including community, society and the nation-state .\"It is important to have trained professionals to develop curriculum for children below the primary level. The career opportunities after the course are varied and mostly linked to developmental organisations and research.\"As after the launch of child development schemes, there is an urgent need for ECD-trained professionals in the government, NGOs and private sector, students can opt for research, supervision of ECD programmes, managing projects at various levels, turn entrepreneurs by setting up their own ECD programmes, and even write for child right issues or join disability and inclusive education organisations .\"However, Sen believes there is a need for more men to join the field and as the programme is open to both men and women, it will bring a change in how people look at child development.\"As for the future, it is still in a nascent stage and the placements have to be worked upon. Also, a lot of things depend on students' response. We are planning to go in for distance mode and even blended learning soon. Besides, we may begin a PhD course in the next academic session as well,\" concludes Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499714", "title": "Boy abducted, murdered by ex-classmate, two others", "text": "PUNE: A 15-year-old boy, who had recently appeared for the SSC examinations, was kidnapped and strangulated to death by his former classmate and two other teenagers at a secluded place in Dighi on Saturday afternoon. After committing the gruesome murder, the assailants had the temerity to demand a ransom of Rs 50,000 from the boy's father and even managed to extort Rs 15,000 from him.The victim, Shubham Shirke, of Adarshnagar in Dighi, was a student of a private English-medium school in the area. Both his parents are employed and he has a younger brother aged seven. Shubham's former classmate , aged 16, had dropped out of school in the eighth standard. He hatched the plan to abduct and kill Shubham along with another 16-year-old , the son of labourers , and one Amit Nair (19) of Apte Colony in Bhosari. Nair had recently given his HSC (Std XII) examinations.Nair and the two boys were picked up by the police on Saturday night itself. They confessed to the crime on Sunday morning and led the police to a trench near tank road at Dighi where they had dumped Shubham's body. Nair was produced in court on Sunday and remanded to police custody till April 5. The two minors have been sent to the Yerawada remand home.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Motichand Rathod of the Vishrantwadi police station said that around 20 days back, the two minor boys had decided to stage an abduction and make merry with the ransom money. \"They zeroed in on Shubham as they felt his parents would be able to cough up the money since both were employed,\" he said.On Saturday afternoon, they along with Nair hired a car from a person at Apte Colony and called Shubham on his cell phone around 2 pm. \"They asked him to come down with a CD which had some computer software on it. Shubham told his grandmother , who was at home, that he was going out with his friends.The suspects asked Shubham to sit in the car and drove to a secluded place off the Dighi-Alandi road,\" Rathod said.Rathod said the suspects strangulated Shubham to death with a cotton trouser belt. \"To make sure he was dead, they also slit his throat with a sharp weapon.They dumped the body in the trench and left the spot around 4 pm. We suspect Shubham may have resisted them, because the knife recovered from the the trio was bent. We also found sharp wounds on the victim's left hand,\" he said.Around 5 pm, the suspects contacted Shubham's father on his cell phone, saying his son was in their custody. They demanded Rs 50,000 for his release. Shubham's father Mahadev, who works in the paint shop of an industrial unit at Chakan , rushed home.Mahadev again got a call from the suspects asking him to come near a petrol pump in Bhosari with the money. \"Mahadev told them he could arrange only Rs 15,000. He took some friends with him and went near the petrol pump. However, the suspects did not turn up. The suspects again called Mahadev, asking him to come near a restaurant. But they did not show up here either. Around 10 pm, they told Mahadev to come near another restaurant with the money,\" Rathod said.When Mahadev went to this restaurant with his friends, Shubham's former classmate came there on Nair's motorcycle . \"He had covered his face and had also blackened the number-plate of the motorcycle . He took Rs 15,000 from Mahadev. When Mahadev asked him about his son, he told him that he would be released. He also told Mahadev to get the remaining amount,\" Rathod said.After waiting for about an hour, Mahadev decided to lodge a complaint with the police.Sub-inspector Sachin Kale of the Vishrantwadi police station said that when Mahadev was talking to Shubham's former classmate near the restaurant , one of Mahadev's friends managed to remove the black substance on the number plate of the motorcycle and noted down the registration number. \"We traced the number and also the identities of the three suspects. We detained the trio around midnight,\" he said.During questioning, the trio tried to mislead the police by saying that Shubham was alive and that they had tied him to a tree. The police rushed to the spot mentioned but did not find the boy. Early on Sunday morning, the suspected confessed that they had killed Shubham and dumped his body in the trench.Boys had planned to kidnap jeweller's sonSenior police inspector Motichand Rathod told TOI that the two minors involved in Shubham's murder had earlier planned to kidnap the son of a jeweller at Bhosari. \"They had identified the jeweller's son and had also conducted a recce. However, they were unsuccessful in their plan to kidnap him,\" Rathod said.During interrogation, the suspects also revealed that they hatched the abduction plan after watching a television serial featuring crime stories. The suspects were quite aware of words used in the serial like \"fingerprints\" , \"blood marks\" and \"sharp weapon\" , the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499810", "title": "Sriperumbudur, a part that\u2019s still beyond reach", "text": "CHENNAI: Satish, an employee in an automobile unit in Sriperumbudur, makes sure he doesn't miss his company bus that takes him to work from near his house in Chetpet.The company bus on an average takes two hours to cover a distance of 14 km to Sriperumbudur . If Satish misses the vehicle, the 35-yearold will have to take at least two buses and get to his workplace only after over three hours.Thousands of commuters like Satish who work in many industrial units in Sriperumbudur and adjoining industrial clusters like Oragadam and Irunkattukottai were hoping that the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated link road would make their daily commute a little less of a hassle. They are dismayed that the state has suddenly stopped work on the Rs 1,815 crore project. \"Travelling for about four to five hours a day tires us mentally and physically. We chat for a while but it is a long ride twice every day,\" Satish said.The state water resources department had on March 29 asked the National Highways Authority of India to stop work on the 19 km corridor with immediate effect as the alignment of the elevated road has strayed from its approved plan along the banks of the Cooum river and into the waterway itself.The MTC operates several buses to Sriperumbudur including those on four routes from Tambaram, two from Kunrathur, six from Broadway, two from T Nagar and three from Tiruvanmiyur. But for thousands of commuters employ in firms on the Chennai-Bangalore highway (NH-04 ) connectivity between the city and Sriperumbudur is inadequate.Worse still, the buses are infrequent and commuters have to wait for at least an hour. Even though developers are working on housing projects in Sriperumbudur, most people who work in units there prefer to stay in Chennai . \"Most employees in companies in Sriperumbudur and adjoining industrial areas stay in the city as there are few schools or medical facilities in that area,\" said K Shanti, who works in a car body-making unit in Sunguvanchaitiram near Sriperumbudur.With the proposed rail line between Sriperumbudur and Avadi not taking off, employees of companies in Sriperumbudur, Irunkattukottai , Sunguvanchatiram and Kancheepuram hope the state and NHAI will reach a solution and resume work on the elevated link.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499890", "title": "Vacation is not a holiday", "text": "KOCHI: It is summer and exams are over, children can now look forward to a delightful vacation. Every year their options keep on multiplying from summer camps to picnics to sports. This summer kids can shake a leg at Thandav a hip dance workshop at regional sports centre from April 2 to 16 or from May 7 to 19. Or they can bury themselves in hi-fi laboratories and rare collections of National Geographic magazines in the science libraries of Centre for Science in Society (C-SiS) at Cochin University.For students who prefer outdoors and fall under the 5-17 age bracket, there are camps that are tailor-made keeping them in mind. Though cost is a big factor - as camps charge between Rs 1,000 to Rs 15,000- many parents have no qualms on spending money.Priyanka Menon, mother of a five-year-old, believes that no age is too little to nurture talent and cost is never an impediment. \"You can foster a kid's talent from a very young age. Money is not a problem because you are investing in your child's abilities and it is actually a bonding opportunity for us while kids share the experience of learning something new,\" said Priyanka, a corporate employee.There is clear gender demarcation while enrolling in summer camps. Girls opt for dance, pottery and painting, while boys prefer physical activities like martial arts and sports. Cochin Gymnasium secretary Hamsa Afsal confirmed that every year more boys sign up to learn martial arts. The gymnasium has been organizing summer camps for more than sixteen years. \"Girls do not turn up for such classes and their participation figure this year is 2%. They should know how to defend themselves, it will help them face eveteasers and anti-social elements,\" said Afsal.There has been a criticism that many 'camps' are becoming daycare centres for working parents, explained Shashi K Warrier - who conducts art and music camps in the city. \"We had made a conscious effort to raise the age limit of kids from five to six. We noticed that working parents equate art camps to a creche,\" said Warrier.Meanwhile, higher-secondary students are keen on mastering a language and taking up other valueaddition classes during summer. \"Teenagers have clear-cut ideas, likes and dislikes and they know what they want when they join a particular programme,\" said St Albert's College tutor Nisha S, who conducts spoken English classes.Short-term courses in French and other language are offered by Cusat and Alliance Francaise. But there is another group which is focused on competitive exams and attend coaching classes to sharpen their skills. Say the word vacation and they would reply - Vacations, summer camps? I got a class at ten!MAGIC, MUSIC AND ART IN KOZHIKODEFor children in Kozhikode, around thirty five arts, sports, music and cultural clubs will begin their summer programmes in the first week of April. Apart from music, dance, pottery, clay modelling and art workshops, a magic class will add to their options. The summer camps are open to children from the age of 3 to 14 years.S K Pottekat cultural centre has already announced a list of events this summer. \"We are offering a summer package named 'Ullasaparavagal' for personality development. The fee is Rs 300. We will introduce clay modeling, drama, classical fest and folk songs this year,'' said secretary of the centre P M V Panicker.Magic World director Pradeep Hudino said, \"We will fix a module within the next three days. Classes will begin next week and kids can learn a few tricks,'' he said.Universal School of Fine Arts is offering drawing and painting classes for kids, while Hindi Mahavidyalayam recommends vacation classes to improve language and diction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12499137", "title": "10 including 2 lawyers held on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Ten people, including two advocates, were arrested on Saturday for creating a ruckus on MG Road. The police crackdown had started after a pub attendant was abducted and gang-raped last month.Two teams from the DLF Phase II and Sector 29 police stations, headed by the respective SHOs, conducted raids late on Saturday on various bars on MG Road. Some drunk men were found creating a ruckus in and outside a mall and disturbing the traffic on the road. Two advocates, who were Delhi residents, were among the four arrested by the DLF Phase II police. The four also misbehaved with the DLF II SHO. The Sector 29 police arrested six people on MG Road.Two FIR's have been lodged in the respective police stations against the ten under Section 160 of the IPC. All were produced in a city court on Saturday, which granted them bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500068", "title": "Celebrate differences", "text": "On World Autism Awareness Day, April 2, Karen Guldberg , director of the Autism Centre for Education and Research, School of Education, University of Birmingham, UK, tells Tirna Ray why we need to stop seeing autism as a disorderAs far as formal education is concerned, what is the concern vis-a-vis autism in India? There are three key concerns to be addressed in India. These include the need to raise awareness, offer appropriate schooling, curriculum and interventions and offer a range of training courses for professionals and parents. It is important to increase awareness among paediatricians to enable more accurate diagnosis. Without a diagnosis, it is difficult for individuals with autism to get the right support.What about teacher-training in India?It is vital that teachers have opportunities to increase their knowledge about autism and about special educational needs in general. This requires short awareness courses as well as more in-depth professional development courses. In England, for example, my team and I at the Autism Centre for Education and Research (ACER) are working with the Autism Education Trust , Oxfordshire County Council and a group of providers and stakeholders across the country to develop three levels of training to be delivered to the education workforce across England. This three-tier training programme includes basic awareness training at the first level so that teachers can develop their knowledge and understanding of autism. At the second level, the training focuses on giving more practical advice and strategies to those who work directly with pupils with autism. At the third level, practitioners are offered more in-depth knowledge and practical strategies. This level is targeted at those staff who may wish to pursue a training role. Similar models to this, with training materials that are adapted to the Indian context could be beneficial. In addition , it is vital to include training on special educational needs as part of the teacher-training curriculum and at Master's level professional development qualifications.What are the new developments in technological teaching aids?Most children with autism find computers and technology safe, motivating and engaging . There are an increasing number of state-of-the-art technologies being developed for children with autism all over the world, including in India. These range from software programmes for interactive whiteboards, PCs and laptops to iPads, virtual reality environments and robotics.What kind of collaboration are you looking for in India?The charity Hope and Compassion have set up an exchange for six lecturers from Khalsa College of Education, Amritsar. We are also planning to work closely with the college to develop qualifications in special educational needs. In addition, Springdale School in Amritsar will be funding two of their teachers to undertake a Master's qualification through distance learning at the University of Birmingham.What is the biggest challenge globally?One of the important challenges we face globally is that we need to learn to stop seeing autism as a disorder. People with autism have strengths and there is so much positivity to celebrate, even though life can, of course, be difficult, for the person and also for parents and the wider family. That said, it is often prejudices and lack of knowledge that makes life most difficult. The challenge lies in ensuring our societies become better able to celebrate differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498438", "title": "Pay toll for smooth drive through Yamuna e-way", "text": "NEW DELHI: The zip drive to Agra on the yet-to-be-opened Yamuna expressway, which will reduce travel time to less than two hours, will come at a price. The developer of this 165km-long expressway has submitted maximum proposed toll rates for each vehicle category to the UP government. Sources said a single car trip could cost anything between Rs 250 and Rs 350, which is the upper limit quoted by the developer.Though the developer Jaypee has proposed a charge of Rs 2.2 per km from cars on this six-lane access controlled expressway, sources said it would have to reduce the fare to draw traffic from the Delhi-Agra stretch of NH-2. At present, the toll charge on the NH-2 Delhi-Agra stretch is about Rs 110 per trip for a car. Sources in the Yamuna Expressway Authority (YEA) said the toll charges proposal was submitted to them in February-end and had been sent to the state government earlier this month.The developer has also submitted a plan to offer discount to travellers on return trips on this stretch within 24 hours. For example, if the maximum one-way fare for cars is Rs 350, a round trip would cost Rs 560. There will also be monthly passes issued at discounted rates.YEA officials said the maximum tariff has been proposed for heavy vehicles and over seven-axle vehicles, and would be Rs 10.65 and Rs 13.7 per km. These two categories of vehicles are likely to generate most revenue for the project. \"The expressway would be a convenient route for heavy vehicles since they won't have to cross several states and pay toll,\" said an official associated with the project.Though two- and three-wheelers are \"not preferred\" on this expressway with only three access roads for them on each carriageway - Jewar, Mathura &amp; Agra - there is a provision to allow them to use the stretch. \"They will have to pay 50% of the toll charged from cars. These vehicles will be allowed to ply only on the extreme left lane,\" said the official.This is also the first expressway project in the country where those using dedicated tag lanes at toll plazas without a valid tag would be penalized. The UP government's toll policy for expressways notified in February 2010 has provision for levying five times additional user fee in case of such violations.Sources said the developer plans to deploy 1,000 men for operation and maintenance of the stretch. The stretch will have 32 cameras to monitor the traffic movement. They said the likely speed limit would be 100kmph. Though the smooth drive is expected to bring down travel time and save fuel, there may be major traffic congestion on the last lap. The roads on the 12km-stretch from where the expressway terminates till Agra are not adequate to handle the traffic volume. The expressway is likely to be opened by April-end. The toll rates would be notified a few weeks before operations begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "12499117", "title": "H1N1 patient's family tests negative", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Alarmed by detection of H1N1 case from here, the health department on Sunday rushed teams to screen the persons who might have into contact with the 21-year-old patient, who is currently admitted in PGI, Chandigarh.Kurukshetra civil surgeon Dr Vandana Bhatia told TOI, \"Soon after getting the information we formed teams for screening. We have collected samples from the girl's family members as well as the neighbours. As of now all the persons have been tested negative.\"In all 15 teams have been formed and have been deployed in the locality, she added.Some medical teams have been deployed for monitoring the condition of those living in their area, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12498983", "title": "Eyesight of 12 ailing blackbucks restored", "text": "INDORE: Twelve out of 20 blackbucks, which were hit by a viral infection at Kamla Zoo in the city, were restored their eyesight by the relentless efforts by the zoo officials and two vets. The zoo officials informed that other blackbucks were recuperating fast.Zoo in-charge Uttam Yadav confirmed the report and said that the blackbucks that were still under the grip of the infection were too young and it would take more time for them to recover the normal vision. A few of them, however, got back sight of one of the eyes. They are still under observation.Lauding the efforts of zoo staff, Yadav said that total 11 staffers, including two veterinary doctors namely Dr Akhilesh Upadhya and Dr Yadav, were continuously working to control the situation.The zoo staff had quarantined all the animals hit by viral infection and kept them in separate enclosures to prevent the infection to other blackbucks. Yadav said the situation could have worsened had they not been quarantined.Four blackbucks were found dead in two days while 20 blackbucks were found with infection in their eyes on February 19 by the zoo officials. The zoo has 55 blackbucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499180", "title": "HCL chief, CM to discuss UP's IT potential", "text": "LUCKNOW: Founder and chairman of HCL technologies , Shiv Nadar, is likely to meet UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday. The meeting gains significance given UP government's initiative to set up IT parks in Lucknow and Agra.This will probably the first visit by any IT honcho in the state ever since SP's landslide victory in UP 2012 polls. Government sources said that the Nadar will be meeting Yadav to discuss the potential the two cities have for the IT sector.The need for an IT park in Lucknow has been felt for nearly a decade. However, successive governments have been dragging their feet on the issue, forcing IT industries to look for other places. Although IT companies have set up shops in in the NCR, they never moved forward.The initiative was taken even during Mayawati government in 2008, when an IT park was proposed in Gomtinagar extension. But, the state government moved too slowly to realise the proposal. It was once again in 2011 that the state government initiated the move to set up an IT park near Amausi airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12498696", "title": "Candidates' list out for sahit akademi polls", "text": "LUDHIANA: The list of candidates for the elections at Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Ludhiana, was declared on Sunday afternoon. The candidates who have filed papers for president's post are Gurbhajan Singh Gill, Sukhjeet Singh and Mitar Sen Meet.For senior vice-president's post, Anoop Singh, Sushil Dusanjh, Sukhjeet Singh and Guriqbal Singh filed their papers. Sixteen nominations have been filed for vice-president, eight for general secretary and 29 applications have been received for members of executive committee of Akademi.Additional election officer Janmeja Singh Johl said this election to a prominent writers' body matters for the development of literature in the state.The elections would be conducted on April 15.Johl said there are 1,600 voters to the Akademi, of which 1,298 are in Punjab and 302 voters around the world. Nominations can be taken back before April 5, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498486", "title": "Minors lodged in Tihar: Court to set guidelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over the \"startling revelation\" that more than 100 juveniles are wrongfully lodged with adult inmates in Tihar Jail, the Delhi high court has indicated it is going to frame guidelines for police and magistrates in handling cases that involve minors.On being informed by a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights and Delhi Legal Services Authority that Tihar Jail complex had more than 100 juveniles out of 278 prisoners they interacted with, HC stressed the need for guidelines. \"This startling revelation clearly demonstrates that neither proper inquiry is being conducted by police at the time of arrest or by the magistrates when such prisoners are produced before them. Once it is found that such prisoners are juveniles, sending them to jail even for a day amounts to denial of their fundamental right and right to liberty,\" HC said.The bench also passed some interim directions, which would be followed till the exercise to frame guidelines concludes. Issuing directions to various authorities, the court asked police to find out the age of an accused at the time of arrest.\"Besides, the magistrates should to send such accused, who appear to be juveniles, for ossification test to ascertain their age,\" it said.The bench referred to the Juvenile Justice Act which mandates that no delinquent juveniles be lodged in jail. It said the Delhi Judicial Academy can conduct special programmes for magistrates on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502825", "title": "Mallangenaru Mankatha from Bharathiraja", "text": "Director Bharathiraja is working on his next already. Though Anna Kodiyum Kodi Veeranum is in progress, Bharathiraja has decided on Mallangenaru Mankatha.Sources say that the veteran director felt that the love story between Ameer and Iniya in Anna Kodiyum Kodi Veeranum did not fit in the storyline and hence he decided to make out a separate story out of it and has titled it as Mallangenaru Mankatha.Ameer and Iniya will play the lead pair in Mallangenaru Mankatha, say sources. And as reported earlier, Bharathiraja's son Manoj will play the lead role, Kattu Viriyan, in Anna Kodiyum Kodi Veeranum.Music for Anna Kodiyum Kodi Veeranum has been scored by GV Prakash. The shooting will begin after the FEFSI strike, it is said.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12499113", "title": "Sushant Lok I residents hold sit-in, urge DC to meet their builder", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sushant Lok I on Saturday held a sit-in protest outside the peach tree market within the private colony. They were protesting against the lack of maintenance and services, the broken promise with regard to development work and commercial exploitation of the local community centre by the private builder.The residents allege that the corporate buildings have left no space for pedestrians and have also blocked the common roads. They are also against sites meant for common facilities such as dispensaries and schools being used by Class IV workers in the area instead of being handed over to authorities.\"The condition of roads, parks, streetlights and drainage is pathetic. The vacant plots that are being misused for parking can be developed to create proper multilevel parking lots. The administration should invoke necessary provisions of the Licensing Act to put the sites for schools and dispensaries to their intended use for the benefit of residents,\" said Anil Sharma, general secretary of the RWA.He said, \"There are many development works which have not been carried out and the residents are facing inconvenience because of that. The 66kVA upgradation of the transformer is yet to be done; the colony so far has no link to the water canal; and maintenance of roads has been pending for long. Owing to the negligence of the builder, the residents are pooling in money for maintenance and horticulture. It's not fair.\"For the past few weeks, the residents have been protesting against the misuse of the community centre by the builder and presented a memorandum last week to the deputy commissioner.\"We have been demanding that the community centre be handed over to the Sushant Lok RWA. We have been camping at the gate of the centre and will continue to do so till our problems are solved,\" said Shyam Soni, president of Sushant Lok RWA. The residents also requested the DC to visit the centre and hold a meeting with the builder.S P Dawar, a resident, said, \"We have been highlighting the issue for so long, holding demonstrations and also taking up the issues with the administration, but no solution has come out so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12499146", "title": "Rohtak cattle deaths point to fudged figures by state vets", "text": "ROHTAK: The figures show animal population as 3,200, including sheep and pigs, but the veterinary staff vaccinated 4,600 animals in Sundana village of Rohtak district! The villagers maintained that no vaccination was conducted at all. And this seems to have resulted in the spread of endemic disease which claimed over 100 cattle, mostly celebrated Murrah buffalos.The disease has also resulted in a setback to the immunization programme in Haryana with the spread of endemic diseases like foot and mouth disease (FMD) in Rohtak, Jhajjar and Bhiwani districts where hundreds of cattle had died in the last one month. The animal husbandry department officials admitted that laxity in vaccination programme has resulted in the spread of disease.As villagers are virtually in a state of mourning due to death of large number of livestock which is also a source of livelihood for them, team of regional disease diagnostic lab, (RDDL) Jalandhar, besides senior state animal husbandry officials arrived in the village to take stock of the situation on Sunday.The animal husbandry director general KS Dangi admitted that lack of vaccination had led to spread of the foot and mouth disease (FMD), which made the cattle susceptible for other diseases like, hemorrhagic septicemia (HS) and trypanosomiasis known as surra which are deadly diseases.Dangi however claimed they had controlled the situation of outbreak of diseases before it could spread to other region which he termed as total immunization. He said he had started an inquiry into the negligence on the part of concerned veterinary officials and 2 others, including 1 surgeon had been suspended.A department source alleged that the veterinary surgeon and veterinary and livestock development assistant (VLDA), who were posted in Sundana village had been found guilty of negligence in carrying out vaccination, as well as in treating sick animals. \"It has been found that they were always reluctant to provide medicines to the owners of sick animals, who were forced to purchase medicines from private stores at an exorbitant cost. These officials are apparently hand in glove with these medicine store owners\", he said.Sadhu Ram, joint director maintained that such allegations had come to their notice and they were probing the matter. He informed that there are adequate medicines in the government veterinary hospital which were not disbursed by the staff to the villagers\", he said. A villager Rupesh Kumar showed the TOI medicines which he was made to purchase from a private medical store on the prescription of the veterinary surgeon.The joint director said the local staff claimed that they vaccinated 4,600 cattle in the village, whereas their own cattle population data indicated that the village had just 3,200 cattle. \"This mismatch also raised doubts over their functioning. The department has suspended Dr Rajesh Dhankar and a VLDA assistant Rajbir Malik\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12498579", "title": "UP PPS up in arms over new IPS exam", "text": "VARANASI: The officers of UP's provincial police service (PPS) have lined up against an amendment in the Indian Police Service rules which will throw open the IPS cadre through a limited competitive examination (LCE). Saying that the age limit of 35 years and a five-year work experience to take this examination, these officers have decided to challenge the amendment in the Allahabad high court.UP Provincial Police Association (UPPPA) president Yugal Kishore told TOI on Sunday that the association will challenge the IPS (Recruitment) Amendment Rules, 2011 in the Allahabad high court. He said that the association would also apprise the CM of its objections to the LCE as a large number of police officers from the state would be affected by it. The examination is scheduled to be held on May 20 and the last date for online registration was April 1.So far, the provincial police service officers have been getting direct promotion to the IPS cadre. In fact, nearly one-third of the IPS cadre posts are filled by the state cadre officers. But, a committee headed by retired IPS officer Kamal Kumar suggested recruitment through competitive examinations to tap officers not just from state police services but also from the Army and paramilitary forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "12499111", "title": "Bhuj Mercantile Co-operative Bank downs shutters", "text": "BHUJ: The RBI-appointed administrators took charge at the crisis-ridden Bhuj Mercantile Co-operative Bank on March 31. The bank witnessed major rush ofDepositors made a mad rush to withdraw their hard-earnedmoney. RBI has however restricted the withdrawals to Rs 1 lakh under the sections of Banking Regulation Act. The nodal bank has also ordered appointment of administrator at Kutch Mercantile Bank, a sister concern of the BMCB. The rush was so much that police intervention had to be sought. Bhuj Mercantile Co-operative bank was under RBI scanner since one year. The bank allegedly duped many middle-class people by launching Samajik Suraksha Kavach Yojna under which it gauranteed life time pension to the depositors. However, on completion of the term of the scheme, it reportedly opted to refund the deposit amount in lump sum so as to avoid paying monthly pension as promised. tnnMeanwhile, the bank's founder chairman M H Morabia is absconding. A spokesman for the state registrar office Upendra Kothari said that a criminal police complaint would be lodged soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12499446", "title": "First-time CPI MLA from Pudukkottai killed in accident", "text": "TRICHY: In a tragic incident, Muthukumaran, CPI MLA representing Pudukkottai constituency, was killed in a road accident on Sunday as one of the front wheels of his Mahindra Bolero burst suddenly. The 43-year-old MLA, a native of Neduvasal, is survived by his wife Susheela, daughter Narmatha (15) and son Naren (12).He was on his way to condole the death of a CPI functionary, Pazhanisamy, who passed away on Saturday at Annavasal, 18 km from Pudukkottai. The incident took place when the vehicle had almost reached Ariyur village near Annavasal at around 9am.Police said that the speeding car suddenly nosedived after the front wheel burst. The vehicle then fell into a pit 30 feet away from the road. Frantic efforts by the driver to bring it under control proved futile. All the three people in the car were crushed and the legislator was killed instantly. The driver, Manikantan, sustained minor injuries and Annavasal block level CPI secretary Muruganatham survived, but only after sustaining heavy injuries, said Annavasal police inspector Velusamy.AIADMK MLA and Pudukkottai district secretary C Vijayabaskar, a doctor by profession, who had gone to a nearby village for a party function rushed to the spot and examined the condition of the MLA. Even as he was on his way, Vijayabaskar had alerted the hospital authorities who rushed an ambulance to the spot.The body of the first-time MLA was dispatched to the Pudukkottai government hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497892", "title": "Railways clears confusion, no hike in platform tickets", "text": "NAGPUR: The anticipated rise in cost of platform tickets from April 1 did not happen. The hike was part of the railway budget presented on March 14, including a hike in railway ticket rates. However, the political storm that it kicked up resulted in almost all the hikes being rolled back.The fare hike for AC III and sleeper class was rolled back. But rise in the rates for AC I and II has not been taken back. As per the decision, passenger fares increased by 15 paisa per km for AC II and 30 paisa per km for AC I from April 1.The platform tickets were also slated to cost Rs 5 from April 1. However, there was some confusion regarding this.Citizens said they were confused whether price of platform tickets had risen or not. Pradeep Jaju, city businessman and treasurer of Nagpur Chamber of Commerce Limited, thought the platform tickets will cost Rs 5 from April 1. So he gave a Rs 10 note at the counter for two platform tickets.However, he was surprised when the person at the counter asked for Rs 1 more. \"I jokingly asked if they were charging service tax too, since I thought platform ticket will cost Rs 5 from today. But the person said it was still Rs 3 and he would return Rs 5,\" Jaju said.The railways had earlier sent a notice informing citizens about the procedure for payment of difference in reservation tickets, but no mention was made about the cost of platform tickets.\"There was no change in the price of platform ticket. The railways have rolled back the fare hikes that affected the common man and platform ticket was one of them,\" said PD Patil, PRO, Central Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12499994", "title": "A cultural interface", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students and faculty of Lady Shri Ram College (LSR), Delhi University, were busy exchanging ideas and cultural ethos with their counterparts from Ohio Wesleyan University (OWU), US, who were in the Capital for a week-long academic and cultural exchange at the college.The theme of the programme was conflict resolution through non-violence , which they had put together through an interdisciplinary course, Gandhi today - perspectives and possibilities. The programme was open to students across disciplines in the college, while seven students and four faculty members from Ohio had come for the exchange.The activities included discussions , debates, workshops, and community service. Also, they were taken for a city tour to sites relevant to Gandhi.For Rock Jones, president, OWU, it was intellectual as well as a cultural platform. He said the programme enriched their knowledge about both India and Gandhi.\"Coming to India was a tremendous experience. Students have connected well and contributed to one another in numerous ways. We got to know so much through the content of the course and the lives of people here,\" he added.Meanwhile, for students of LSR, they got to know the external perspective on Gandhi and how people in the West perceive Indian leaders.Kanika Khandelwal, media co-ordinator , LSR, said discussing Gandhi was a productive exercise for both colleges. \"It was exciting to hear different views on the same issue. Gandhi is still so contemporary in a conflict-ridden world; he is still the answer to many problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12491597", "title": "Mumbai\u2019s best flock to Sunburn", "text": "The ultimate music experience is about to hit the shores of Mumbai, creating buzz like never before. And the city's glitterati is gearing up to attend Sunburn Mumbai next weekend.The world's best deejays, who have already been a part of this journey when the music fest was held in Goa, are now ready to pump out whatever they've got to offer yet again, with new age technology that has never before been seen in India. Experience the walls of Tulip Star breathe their own life with mind boggling visuals and awesome music. Don't miss a single beat unless you want a Cyro-borg to attack you with his lasers and nitro-blasts. Priyanka Chopra, who has attended Sunburn in Goa previously, is looking forward to the festival which is a hop, skip and jump away from her home this year. The festival has been attended by several stars over the years from Gauri Khan, Arjun Rampal, Vivek Oberoi Prateik Babbar, Chunky Pandey, Vijendra Singh and Rocky S to name just a few, who have enjoyed the time they spent there. Many have spoken of their experience in the past, and several people are excited about what Sunburn Mumbai will have to offer. \"So the longest weekend of the year is coming up and I can't wait to get Sunburnt again!\" sums up actress Amy Jackson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12498944", "title": "Swine flu surveillance project in limbo", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the swine flu scare in the city continues, the integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP), which intended to detect early warning signals of impending outbreaks and help initiate an effective response in a timely manner, lapsed on Saturday at the end of fiscal 2011-12.However, the IDSP staff is likely to continue amidst uncertainty as the website of the ministry of health and family welfare has uploaded a letter confirming the continuance of the IDSP but they have not received any formal order from the state government. The programme was started in 2004 for a period of five years and later it got an extension.IDSP's major components include surveillance, strengthening of public health laboratories, human resource development and data gathering. Non-communicable diseases risk factor survey has also been conducted by IDSP.4 suspected swine flu samples tested negativeAll the four suspected swine flu samples, which were collected from Bhopal , have been found negative. The samples , which included that of Sai Bai, who died on Friday, were tested at Regional Medical and Research Laboratory (RMRL) at Jabalpur.Only one death has been attributed to swine flu this year in Bhopal. A total of 16 samples have been tested for swine flu this year by RMRL till Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498469", "title": "Cops to probe dowry harassment charge", "text": "NASHIK: A 20-year-old woman has accused her husband and eight in-laws of dowry harassment. In a complaint filed at the Panchavati police station, Deepali Soni, from Ramwadi, said her husband Dhiraj and her in-laws, all from Gangapur in Aurangabad district were harassing her for bringing Rs 2 lakh from her parents a month after her marriage to Dhiraj on November 26, 2011. She claimed in her complainant that she was threatened by her in-laws over the telephone even after she returned to her parents. The Panchavati police are investigating the case.Burglary of Rs 60,000: Rs 60,000 was stolen from a 64-year-old man while he was travelling by bus on Saturday. According to reports, Amiruddin Shaikh (64), from DGP Nagar, No 1, was in a city bus between 11.30am and 11.45am, between Dr Ambedkar Nagar and General Vaidya Nagar, when a person cut his bag stole the cash. The Bhadrakali police are investigating the case.Father, daughter hurt in road mishap: Madhav Bharkar (45), from Chaitanya Nagar, Jail Road, Nashik Road, has accused Ankush Salve, from Pinto Colony, Jail Road, of hitting him and his daughter with his auto-rickshaw and fleeing the scene. Bharkar said that Salve, who was driving the rickshaw, hit them, while they were walking on the road near Swami Samartha kirana shop at Chaitanya Nagar at around 5.45pm on Saturday. Bharkar said in his complaint that Salve fled without informing anyone about the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12499037", "title": "Bengal Congress seeks withdrawal of library diktat", "text": "KOLKATA: State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya on Sunday wrote to chief minister Mamata Banerjee dubbing the ban on newspapers in the state libraries \"most partial and undemocratic.\"Bhattacharya had earlier opposed this move and followed this up with a letter to the chief minister on Sunday. Bhattacharya also wrote against another reported directive on discontinuation of government advertisements in the publications in rural, block and district levels. \"This would be the most detrimental to the growth of these small but vital publications,\" he wrote. He also pointed out to the \"tardy and lax\" investigations into the attacks on journalists on February 28 at Ganguly Bagan and later at Burdwan Medical College. \"The government measures are widely interpreted as efforts to muzzle the press,\" he wrote.In our constitutional and democratic political order, such partiality towards select newspapers and the directive that no other newspapers can be kept in the libraries is shocking, Bhattacharjee, who is also a party MP and president of the state INTUC, said in his letter. Congress, he said, was committed to democracy and rule of law and \"as such we cannot condone any move or government circulars that attempt to run counter to these ideals.\" He noted that the move and the justification offered by the government had been \"soundly and comprehensively criticised\" by all sections of the civil society, media and political parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498876", "title": "Jewellers stay shut for 16th day", "text": "GURGAON: Gem and jewellery traders in Gurgaon's Gold Souk remained closed for the 16th day on Sunday in support of the nationwide protest against the budget proposals to bring them under the excise duty ambit and increase import duty on gold for the second time within a short span of time, said Souk Jewellers Association.\"Daily protests and marches are being held by our associate jewellers in all the states in the country and they have extended full support to us. Our protest have been peaceful till now and we are expecting a positive response from the Ministry of Finance as most of the chief ministers of the states have written to the Prime Minister and the Union finance minister in support of our call for rollback of the duties imposed in the budget,\" said Haresh Soni, president Gold Souk Jewellers Association.\"Gold Souk, the first gems and jewellery mall in Gurgaon, has 35 retail units. All the 35 shops are shut in protest against the budget which has proposed an excise duty of 1% on unbranded precious jewellery and doubled the customs duty on standard gold bars, gold coins and platinum to 4%. This is a big blow to the gems and jewellery sector,\" Soni said.Budget 2012 has removed the sheen from the gems and jewellery sector. Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee has singled out the gems and jewellery sector for a barrage of provisions that is set to hamper the functioning of the trade.\" he said.\"Customs duty has been quadrupled in two months. Basic custom duty on standard (995) gold bars, coins (995) and platinum (995) has been doubled from 1% to 4%, (a threefold rise in two months). Customers will now have to fork out at least Rs 250 more on unbranded jewellery of 10gm and Rs 550 more on gold bars of 10gm. Customers who purchase in cash over Rs 2 lakh require to pay a 1% income tax at source and the jeweller is required to remit to the government. This will increase our paperwork as well as burden us with increased official (inspector Raj) hurdles,\" Soni said.\"The industry has already shrunk by 30 to 50% in terms of volume during the peak season from October 2011 to March 2012 and the proposals in the budget will bring another 25-30% shrinkage,\" he said.We request the finance ministry to reduce the import duty from 4 % to 3 % and continue the exemption given to unbranded jewellery from excise duty and to withdrawal of 1% income tax at source imposed on customers buying jewellery worth more than Rs 2 lakh, said the jewellers' association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498812", "title": "Trafficker who 'sold off' 13-yr-old Bengal maid in Delhi nabbed", "text": "KOLKATA: Two days after a 13-year-old domestic help, hailing from Sandeshkhali in North 24-Parganas, was rescued from the Delhi residence of a doctor, Bengal Police rounded up the alleged trafficker from his residence in Malancha.Das had allegedly brought the 13-year-old girl to Delhi and sold her off to the placement agency that employed her at the doctor's house in January this year. Acting on a tip-off from the west Delhi district police, the state police along with Shakti Vahini, an NGO, conducted a raid in Bengal and were successful in nabbing him. Confirming the arrest on Saturday, Delhi Police said that Das had been held on charges of abduction and trafficking.On March 28, the 13-year-old domestic help was rescued by Delhi Police from the house of Dr Anil Kumar Gupta, a cardio-thoracic and vascular surgeon on a tip-off from Shakti Vahini. \"The NGO was informed about the girl by a well-wisher. Our officials managed to trace the address of her employer and informed Kirti Nagar police,'' said Rishikant, an office bearer of the NGO.\"She was placed as a maid through a placement agency operating illegally in the Chirag Delhi area. The girl was made to work from 6am till midnight. She did all the household chores. She used to take care of the employer's daughters as well. She was never sent out of the house alone because the employer thought she might run away. The girl was not paid a single penny for her service,'' said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.After being rescued, the girl was produced before the Child Welfare Committee. Her statement was also recorded before the Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Delhi's Rampura area. A separate FIR was registered at the Sandeshkhali Police station under IPC sections 363 and 366.Meanwhile, as per the orders of the Child Welfare Committee of Delhi, the Delhi Police also filed a separate FIR against the employer under section 23 of the JJ Act, 14/3 of the Child Labour Act and section 16 of the Bonded Labour Act.Sources in police and the NGO claimed that Dr Gupta worked at three different hospitals in Delhi, besides running his own clinic. \"The alleged mistreatment by the employer is more shocking to many as the husband is a doctor by profession and the wife a teacher,'' said Rishikant, adding that Bengal Police will come to Delhi and take over the custody of the girl from the welfare committee.Earlier when TOI had called up the surgeon, he had admitted to employing the girl but claimed he was not aware of her age. \"The placement agency which gave us the girl said she was 17 years old. Thus, we never really thought of complaining,\" said the surgeon. All attempts to contact the agency failed. Delhi police said they will also probe the role of the placement agency.In a separate incident, another woman, from Nimpith in South 24-Parganas, was rescued from a red light area of Delhi by police. The woman, a mother of two, was sold off to the red light area of GB Road in central Delhi.\"Our team along with members of an NGO raided the area and rescued the woman. West Bengal Police have been informed. The victim said that she was married and her husband was a contract labourer. She was working as a domestic help in the Nimpith area where she met a person who lured her with better job prospects in Delhi and sold her as a prostitute,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499588", "title": "Rakesh Garg named principal secretary to CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav will finally have a principal secretary in his secretariat. Rakesh Garg, the 1980 batch IAS officer, who was recently returned to his home cadre as principal secretary of the department of commercial and entertainment tax, will assume the charge as principal secretary to the chief minister on Monday. Earlier on Thursday, Sanajay Agarwal was named as the CM's principal secretary, but his appointment was cancelled a day later.Garg, who has been on the Central deputation since March 2005, served as additional secretary in the ministry of culture in New Delhi, before returning to UP in early last month.Before leaving for New Delhi, Garg was revenue commissioner, affiliated with the department of finance and commercial taxes.Regarded as an expert in industries and finance, Garg has also served as district magistrate of Fatehpur and Banda. A mechanical and production engineer, Garg also acquired a management degree before becoming a top-ranking bureaucrat in the UP government. This will be his first stint in the CM's secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498598", "title": "Man told to pay 20k maintenance to wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman, accused by his wife of being impotent, was asked to pay monthly maintenance by Delhi high court.Justice Veena Birbal asked the man to pay Rs 20,000 per month to his estranged wife against whom he is seeking divorce on the ground of mental cruelty.The HC order came on an appeal filed by the man against an order of a family court that held him liable to pay maintenance of Rs 30,000. In his appeal, he claimed that he didn't file income tax returns and that his monthly earning was around Rs 15,000.While HC posted the matter for hearing in July, it asked him to pay Rs 20,000 till it decided on his claim that he earned much less than what the family court assessed, based on his frequent trips abroad and stays in expensive hotels.The case in the family court stemmed from a claim filed by his wife through her lawyer Prabhjit Jauhar, where she alleged the businessman was impotent. She said due to this reason the marriage could not be consummated and attached her husband's medical bills as proof that he was undergoing treatment for impotency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498526", "title": "Drug-&amp;-rob gang on trains busted, 1 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth from Sahibabad who allegedly travelled in trains from eastern India and drugged and robbed Delhi-bound passengers, has been arrested by Delhi Police. The accused, Riyasat, and his two associates were involved in a series of thefts in the city in the past four months. The arrest took place following several complaints from passengers at the Old Delhi railway station.Four thefts at the Old Delhi station and one at the Nizamuddin station have been solved. Police are trying to find if the accused had a hand in other cases as well. Riyasat alias Hakkla has studied up to Class V, and admitted that he and his associates were involved in over 80 cases of drugging and theft in trains, said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498082", "title": "\u20182K autos with e-meters this week in Mumbai'", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Bombay high court rejecting the auto unions' plea not to make e-meters compulsory from April 1, autos in the city, for the time being, are left with no other option but to switch over to the electronic device. By the end of the week, RTO official hope to see more than 2,000 existing autos fitted with the new gadgets.Stating that 25 new autos arrived at regional transport offices to instal e-meters on Saturday, a source said at least 400 existing autos were likely to queue up for e-meters by Tuesday afternoon. Assistant regional transport officer D V Modak of Andheri RTO said, \"Not too many vehicles will turn up for e-meters on Monday morning, but the rush will start from Tuesday. With the HC order issued in public interest, drivers will be bound to instal the electronic devices during fitness tests.\"Concurring with him, assistant RTO T P Chavan said, \"By next weekend, we can expect good visibility of e-meters on roads.\" According to him, the department may also make it mandatory that drivers found tweaking mechanical meters will have to switch to e-meters. \"We have the right to cancel the fitness certificates of those found guilty of tampering. The drivers concerned will have to come for another fitness test and get the new meter installed,\" he said.Though deputy RTO Bharat Kalaskar called the implementation of e-meters a \"victory for the transport department\", officials said it would take about a year for all autos to be fitted with the electronic devices. \"At least 3,000 autos got seals on mechanical meters in the last week of March; these drivers will instal e-meters only in March 2013,\" a source said.Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said the next step would be to push for recalibratin e-meters according to the metric system. He added the state must ensure to have trained mechanics for e-meters, easy availability of spare parts, faster service and adequate number of repair shops. Another activist, Sunil Mone, said the metrology department should test and approve of all new e-meters. But activist Vidya Vaidya feels that mere installation of e-meters would not help. \"The RTO should keep a vigil on errant drivers and those tampering with meters,\" Viadya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501809", "title": "Jagathy fast approaching normalcy", "text": "Jagathy Sreekumar is recovering fast from the misfortune sustained due to the accident which took place at Thenjipalam near Calicut on 10th March, Saturday early morning. He received multiple injuries all over the body and was admitted to MIMS hospital in Calicut. According to doctors attending on him, his neurological parameters are, at present, sub-average and they are liable to resuscitation, soon. They informed his close kith and kin that his improvement hinges on his response to neurological revival currently in progress. On 29th March, Thursday, an expert team of specialists from CMC, Vellore expressed the hope that the neuro-rehab medication would bring early cure to the versatile artiste. They are of the opinion that the whole therapy will last for some more time.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497358", "title": "Age-old problems scuttle seniors' live-in dreams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Live-in is in with the seniors, but only as an aspiration! The live-in mela for senior citizens that was held in Ahmedabad on November 20, 2011 had created a lot of buzz with nearly 400 grandpas and grandmas looking for a partner in the dusk of their lives. Over 400 silvers - 300 men and 100 women over 50 year of age had descended upon the city from all over the country to take part in the first-ever public function held to help seniors find live in partners. Nearly 200 men had to be turned away from the venue as the hall was choc-a-bloc and there was no further room. Seven couples committed on the spot.Four-odd months later, only two of the couples have actually started living together. Ironically, after finding each other on a public platform, both want to remain anonymous. The couples cite social reasons not to disclose the fact that there are staying together without getting into the complications of marriage!A 55-year old woman and 62-year old Patel man have started staying together in Himmatnagar. They entered into a pre-live-in agreement where the woman would get a monthly cheque of Rs 8,000. Meanwhile, a 48-year old Punjabi woman has signed live-in agreement with 65-year old Vadodara based man.\"The rest backed out for different reasons. One gentleman went out with the lady to watch movies, eat and later when she dropped him at the airport, he called me saying the woman was fat! In other cases, men did not want to shoulder the responsibility of children of the women fearing they will want a stake in property. Society wants change but it will take more time for people to selflessly embrace change without falling prey to conditions\", says Natubhai Patel of Vina Mulya Amulya Sewa, the organizer of the mela, rather candidly.Interestingly, the low success ratio has not proved a dampener for the organizers. On the contrary, VMAS has piqued interest of seniors all over India and has gone national holding similar melas in different parts of the country!\"We have held senior citizen meetings to find partners in Chattisgarh and Bhopal in February. Next meet to find live-in partners in Rajkot is scheduled on April 15 and in Kolkata on April 29. There after, we have got invites from senior citizen clubs in Mumbai, New Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai and Pune where meets will be planned later in the year\", says Natubhai Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498154", "title": "Law soon on Rs 50L fine for discrimination in university?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Institutions found negligent in preventing discrimination may face a fine of Rs 50 lakh, according to a new amendment proposed by the Human Resource Development (HRD) ministry.The ministry plans to introduce a provision in the Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Technical Educational Institutions, Medical Educational Institutions and Universities Bill to ensure that institutions will be held responsible for discrimination on the basis of caste, gender or religion. The move comes after a mounting number of complaints from colleges, including the recent suicide of a Dalit student at AIIMS.A HRD ministry official said that institutes could attract a penalty - ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 50 lakh - if evidence was found that the college had not worked actively to prevent discrimination against a student. The bill will have to be cleared by the Union Cabinet.The complaints will be dealt with an internal committee of the institution initially. If the student fails to get redressal s/he will have the option of approaching an ombudsman who will be tasked with conducting an independent assessment. \"The student can approach the tribunal who will go by the ombudsman's report, if there is a case of negligence,\" the official said.There have been an increasing number of complaints from educational institutions especially medical colleges. According to National Commission for Scheduled Caste (NCSC) chairman P L Punia, complaints have come from premier institutions. \"Earlier, people used to accept discrimination as their fate. Now, they feel there is a redressal mechanism and we have seen an increase in the number of cases,\" he said.Some of the complaints that the Commission have received include a suicide in September, 2011, of a metallurgical engineering student at IIT-Kanpur. There was an instance of 25 students failing in Burdwan Medical College. Punia said that almost all the students passed when they sat for the exam the next time.Reforms too are underway. There are cases of institutions like IIT-Delhi, which has followed recommendations of the Thorat committee and introduced remedial classes in English for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499308", "title": "Right To Education clauses Act are being violated: Child Rights and You", "text": "PUNE: Two years after the implementation of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, a grassroots-level survey conducted across several states by Child Rights and You (CRY) - an umbrella organisation of over 30 non-governmental organisations - indicated that providing free and compulsory education to all under this legislation continued to remain a big challenge.The Act also known as the RTE Act completed two years on April 1.A statement issued by Vijaylakshmi Arora, director of CRY (policy and advocacy), said, \"There have been gross violations of several provisions of the RTE Act over the last two years. The irony is that several states are yet to put even the monitoring mechanism, stipulated in the Rights of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, in place; so we do not even know the exact extent of violations of the provisions of the Act.\"So far, only 14 states have notified the formation of State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR). Apart from these, only two states have constituted the Right to Education Protection Authority (REPA).Section 31 of the Act clearly mentions that SCPCR/REPA as monitoring agencies \"would examine and review the safeguards for rights provided under this Act.\" It also adds that these agencies would \"inquire into complaints relating to child's right to free and compulsory education.\"The CRY report also said that children were still denied admission in schools on various grounds, despite the Act being in place.There are cases where admission was denied due to not having a transfer certificate, birth certificate or local residence proof. In many cases, parents had to pay admission fees and were asked to pay monthly fees, but no receipt of any kind against the paid amount was provided to the parents by the school.There are also cases where children are being denied admission in mid-year or after half yearly school tests, the statement added.Infrastructure also continues to be a major bottleneck in this regard, the statement said. According to the Annual Status Report of Education 2011 data, more than half the schools in India did not have separate toilet for girls. More than a quarter of schools did not possess libraries and playgrounds on their campus. Around 45% of the schools did not have a boundary wall and more than half of std II to std IV students shared classrooms with another class.\"It is clear that while there is an urgent need to strengthen the delivery mechanisms in the area of school education, especially at the grassroots level, there is also a need to create greater awareness at the community level to implement various provisions of the RTE Act. When the communities will be fully aware of the provisions, they would be able to claim what is due to them under this Act. This would help in effective implementation of this Act not only in letter but also in spirit,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499569", "title": "Mayawati's excise policy to be revised soon, says state government", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday said that the existing excise policy will be revised. In an official release, chief secretary Jawed Usmani said that a decision would be taken soon. Usmani also said the decision was taken to increase the state's revenue earnings from the excise department. According to the existing excise policy put in place by the former Mayawati government, the target revenue receipts for 2012-13 is more than Rs 8,000 crore.At present, UP's excise receipts, up to February, 2012 are pegged at Rs 7,256.80 crore as compared to Rs 5,610.60 crore last year. The receipts have registered a growth of Rs 1,646.20 crore, or 29.3% over last year. In 2011-12, total revenue earning from the excise department was Rs 6,725.53 crore.Though the tenets of the new policy are still under wraps, the state government is likely to roll back the annual excise policy format in UP. Under the Mayawati regime, a new system was created, where the excise policy spanning 2 years was put in place. In 2009, Mayawati government had, in a unique first, also allotted wholesale rights to distribute liquor in the state to Gurdeep Singh Chadha alias Ponty Chadha of Wave Inc. In principle, since the existing policy was modified, the decision was not overtly incorrect. However, this was the first instance, where an individual was given complete control over distribution of liquor in a state.With Samajwadi Party having promised to make alcohol cheaper, if it was voted to power, a change in the state's excise policy was mandated for two reasons. One, Chadha was apparently favoured. The bigger concern, though, was that the excise policy instituted by the Mayawati regime would also directly impact consumers. If the existing structure were to remain, alcohol rates would spiral in the current fiscal 2012-13, with prices of nearly all categories of liquor set to rise, beginning with 5% increase in prices for mild beer and 6% for strong beer.Uttar Pradesh is counted among the biggest liquor markets in the country. In 2009-10, the state consumed 22.92 crore litres of country liquor, 9.17 crore litres of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and 9.03 crore litres of beer. The increased prices would fill the state coffers, but result in a large number of unhappy consumers.If the existing excise policy were to remain, IMFL prices would have increased by Rs 10 to Rs 25 from the cheap to premium range of liquor. For 2012-13, the hike in duty on IMFL has been fixed at 15%. And as a result, prices would increase, making a popular brand like Bagpiper and Officers Choice Whisky, for instance, cost Rs 310, up from the current Rs 270 levels. Experts feel that to sustain the growth levels, prices will have to be controlled. In an industry that is governed by the volumes of sale, the price of alcohol, both countrymade and IMFL, will determine profitability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498150", "title": "From the kitchen, they are tossed into the hurly burly of politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: They are comfortable in the kitchen. Till at least a month back, they would wake up with household chores on their mind. But with 50% women's quota in civic polls, Congress candidates Rama Chaudhary, Ishrat Nizam Ansari and Sheel Bandhu suddenly found themselves tossed into the hurly-burly of elections. All first-timers, they are filling in for their husbands, who could not contest after seats were reserved for women.Take Rama Chaudhary's case. Born in Ghadi village near Lajpat Nagar, Chaudhary (47) got married to Subhash Pehalwan, a local property dealer, after completing Class VII. Since then Rama has never stepped out of home alone. \"It is my first time. I will gradually learn to talk. Very soon, I'll start going out and meeting people,\" says a hesitant Chaudhary, whose husband has been a Congress worker for over 10 years.Lack of experience did not pose a hurdle in bagging a ticket, as Chaudhary is part of an extended political family. Her daughter, Meenakshi Chandela, is a sitting councillor and is contesting from Khayla; her son-in-law Meghraj Chandela, also a sitting councillor, has won the ticket from Vishnu Garden. Meenakshi's father-in-law, Dayanand Chandela, is a sitting MLA. The only person in the family who lost in the ticket race was Meenakshi's mother-in-law. \"She did not get the ticket this time,\" said a disappointed Chaudhary. The story of the Congress candidate from Sangam Vihar (central), Ishrat Nizam Ansari (35), is no different. Besides contesting elections, the wife of Nizam Ansari, a garment exporter, has to look after four children aged 2 to 12 years. She is further encumbered by the cares of a joint family.\"I already have too much on my hands. But, I am willing to serve the public as well,\" says Ishrat, a political science graduate from Delhi University. While his wife confessed she was contesting on behalf of her husband, Nizam Ansari did not evince any interest in politics. \"If I get into politics, who will take care of my business? I have left politics and social work to my wife,\" said a diplomatic Ansari. He added that he wants to set an example by helping his wife step into the public domain.\"I want to change the perception about Muslim women by showing they can come out of the confines of their home and fight elections,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499372", "title": "Rajasthan High Court notice to government on Apparel Park project", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has issued a notice to the state government seeking to know what final steps it has taken on the recommendations made by RIICO to resolve the land allotment issue holding up the Apparel Park project at Jagatpura since 2003. Justice Ajay Rastogi has given four weeks time to the industry ministry to respond on the notice.In a meeting held on February 18, 2011, RIICO referred the recommendations made by its sub-group to the government for a final decision on allotting land to the 133 applicants for the project. The sub-group, among other things, suggested working out afresh the development charges for the project.Even though the recommendations imposed stringent conditions on the applicants, it is the land rate, which has been at the centre of the delay.RIICO had invited applications for the project in 2003 fixing land rates at Rs 500 per square metre. Since it couldn't take possession of the land, basing on which it had invited application, the project got delayed. Even after it took physical possession of the land in 2010 with no cost to itself as per an arrangement with the Jaipur Development Authority, the allotment has not been made.From Rs 500 per square metre, RIICO has proposed to hike rates to as high as Rs 5,500, even though this doesn't find place in the recommendations made to the government.\"RIICO stands to gain Rs 100 crore even if the land is allotted at the original Rs 500 per sq metre,\" said Pradeep Chhugani, an applicant and member of Garment Exporters Association of Rajasthan.To draw the attention of the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to their plight, the applicants under Apparel Park Committee had planned an advertising campaign during the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas in the city. But as the government sources came to know about the move , top political leaders mediated and assured the committee that the land allotment issue will be settled if they drop the advertisement campaign plan.A meeting between the applicants and industry minister Rajendra Pareek along with government officials involved in the process took place on January 13, 2012.\"We had a meeting but we were only listeners. The minister stuck to the figure of Rs 2,500 per sq metre,\" said Chhugani.The delay is estimated to have cost the state 40,000 jobs, Rs 450 crore investments and Rs 1,200 crore worth of exports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498580", "title": "Vehicle ploughs through pilgrims, one killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person was killed and seven injured after a vehicle ploughed through a group of pilgrims in the Rani Bagh area of outer Delhi.Police said one of them, Shashi, died on the spot. \"The incident occurred at 4:45am, when the vehicle hit them near Madhuban Chowk underpass,\" said a senior police officer. The injured were rushed to a hospital. Shashi died of head injuries and blood loss, police said.Preliminary investigations revealed that the victims, who were returning from a pilgrimage and heading towards Peeragarhi, belong to Sultanpuri area.\"The errant driver fled from the spot after the accident. We have registered a case of rash driving and causing death due to negligence against the driver at Rani Bagh police station,\" the police officer added.Meanwhile, a 40-year-old man was killed and his driver injured when a vehicle rammed into his car at Rohini sector 3.Sashi Bhushan was declared brought dead while his driver, Devendra, 42, was admitted to a hospital. The incident took place at 11pm on Saturday.\"Devendra took a right turn on the road near Rohini sector-3 where a vehicle hit his car.\"The errant vehicle was being driven by Arvind, 23. The vehicle was coming from Gurgaon,\" said a senior police officer.Police have registered a case of rash driving while the errant driver managed to flee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498463", "title": "Bank agent held for fraud, got loans cleared on fake papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: A loan agent of a private bank has been arrested for allegedly providing car loans to his customers by arranging forged documents. The accused, identified as Naveen, a resident of Chhattarpur Extension, was arrested on Saturday on specific information that he would pass through Mehrauli bus terminal in an i10 car.On being asked to produce the vehicle's documents, Naveen produced a photocopy of a registration certificate in which one Momita Singh, wife of Sunil Vats, was mentioned.\"When asked why his name was not mentioned in the RC, he could not give any satisfactory answer. His car was searched and three PAN cards and six driving licences having his photographs with different names and addresses were found,\" said P S Kushwah, Additional CP (South).Police also seized two more cars from his house allegedly bought on loans of forged documents, as well as a laptop, pen drive and a printer-cum-scanner that he used for preparing fake documents.Cops said that Naveen had been working as a loan agent for a private bank. The bank has given a list of 10 other vehicles in which some documents have been identified as forged and loan has already been sanctioned to the applicants.\"During interrogation, Naveen disclosed he used to contact people who needed a car loan but were unable to get one as they did not have necessary documents such as address proof. Naveen would then prepare these using his scanner-cum-printer and would edit the required information on that document on his laptop,\" said Kushwah.Cops said then he would file an application in the bank to get his documents verified and loan sanctioned. He used to charge Rs 10,000 from the applicants for getting the loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498341", "title": "Quarterly review for water situation: Chhagan Bhujbal", "text": "NASHIK: Yielding to demands by people's representatives about regular reviews related to farming and the water situation, district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal asked collector P Velrasu to hold a quarterly meeting to review the water situation and discuss the water distribution system, progress of supply schemes and other measures to be taken for mitigation of water crisis.Categorically underlining the fact that there is ample water stock in the Gangapur dam complex and hence no drinking water crisis in the presence of mayor Yatin Wagh and collector and alsoofficiating civic chief Velrasu, Bhujbal said the zilla parishad and the collectorate must work hand in hand to tackle water problems.\"The collector must hold quarterly meetings throughout the year to discuss and review the water situation. This will help officials, people's representatives and departments work in cohesion and improve the water situation in the district,\" Bhujbal said.Bhujbal was addressing a meeting of elected representatives during the 'Scarcity review meeting' held at the collectorate. MP Harishchandra Chavan, zilla parishad president Jayashree Pawar, MLA Arjun Pawar, mayor Yatin Wagh, zilla parishad CEO R K Mehta, collector P Velrasu and heads of departments were present at the meeting. Bhujbal also told the officers to ensure that drinking water supply and fodder to villages, wherever demanded, were provided on a priority basis.\"There should be no delay whatsoever in providing water and fodder. The officials must ensure that the demands are fulfilled in the shortest possible time without unnecessary delays,\" Bhujbal said. Bhujbal also urged irrigation and other department officials to prevent water theft from canals and rivers but absolved elected representatives of that responsibility. But an irrigation department official said, \"Officials on duty are assaulted. Police protection is not always available. No one dares to challenge water theft.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498413", "title": "N-safety bill route to amend RTI irks CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A letter from the office of India's Central Information Commission to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh recently raises serious concerns over two proposals to amend the Right to Information Act through the Nuclear Safety Regulatory Authority (NSRA) Bill 2011, which was introduced in the Lok Sabha last September.The first amendment seeks to exempt sensitive information on nuclear radiation safety issues and commercially sensitive information on technology holders from the RTI Act. \"The existing provisions of Section 8(1)(a) and 8(1)(d) provide adequate protection for the legitimate needs of information which should not be disclosed. I truly believe that there is no need to amend the RTI Act for this purpose. The record of RTI applications disposed of by the Department of Atomic Energy and its associated units clearly shows that the existing provisions under Section 8 are more than adequate for protecting sensitive information about nuclear energy facilities,\" writes Central Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi in his letter to the PM.The second amendment looks at insulating regulatory bodies that will oversee nuclear facilities established for strategic and national defense purposes from the RTI Act. Gandhi's letter says that the clause of the Nuclear Safety Regulatory Authority Bill under which these regulatory bodies will be established does not fit the criteria for exclusion given in the RTI.\"Further, the NSRA Bill makes disclosure of information about such bodies a punishable offence. This clause will be used as a shield to prevent disclosure of information relating to even allegations of human rights violation and corruption in such bodies... In effect the NSRA Bill seeks to vest enormous discretion in the hands of such bodies to withhold people's access to information,\" says the letter.Gandhi believes that the proposed amendments are a regression in India's journey towards becoming a participatory democracy. \"Whereas nuclear power and energy are important for the nation, transparency and democracy are certainly more important and must not be whittled down,\" he writes.The letter urges the Prime Minister to take note of the serious apprehensions over the need for transparency in issues related to nuclear energy. \"I request you to prevent amendments to the RTI Act which will weaken the fundamental rights of citizens,\" writes Gandhi to the Prime Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12498716", "title": "Nagaland police faked Rs 4 crore bills: CAG", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland Police allegedly used fictitious bills to withdraw Rs 4 crore for the procurement of 1,750 fire extinguishers, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India said in its annual report tabled in the recently-concluded Nagaland budget session.The report said that the government had sanctioned the funds under major heads-arms and ammunitions-on the basis of the proposal submitted by the office of DGP, Kohima. The office of the DGP drew the entire amount from Kohima Treasury (South), enclosing a bill submitted by M/s SDS Electronics Pvt Ltd in Haryana.The CAG said that a committee constituted by the DGP had also submitted a report stating that the stock had been 'physically verified' on November 30, 2007. The committee had certified that all the 1,750 fire extinguishers were procured from the same supplier and the DGP office's cash book revealed that Rs 4 crore was paid to them.After a letter was issued to M/s SDS Electronics in May last year to ascertain the genuineness of the deal, the company responded by saying that it had no business interest in firefighting equipment.The report added that the department had procured a SDS Electronics bill from a local dealer in August, 2011, as it was required for the sanction of funds. Though the amount was drawn in advance against the bill, supply order was given to a local firm M/s International Trading Company, Dimapur, as they were ready to supply the material on government-approved rates.The report also revealed that while furnishing the replies, the department submitted Actual Payee Receipts (APRs) of the entire amount from M/s International Trading Company.The CAG report maintained that the department's reply is not acceptable as all records indicate that the supply was made by M/s SDS Electronics and the entire payment was made to them. Also the department's stand that the material was received in part and payments were also made in part is not convincing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499830", "title": "Police collect details of migrant workers", "text": "KOCHI: As part of a major security initiative, the city police on Friday launched a massive drive to collect details of migrant labourers camping in various parts of the city.Police will prepare a database on migrant labourers and check their identification documents. All police stations in the city have been directed to collect details of migrant labourers camping in places under their jurisdiction.Kochi city deputy commissioner of police (DCP) T Gopalakrishna Pillai said police had decided to prepare a database of migrant labourers considering the rise in number of crimes involving them.\"We have asked contractors who employ migrants, to bring them for registration at the respective police stations. Police will cross check the identification records of labourers, take photographs and finger print them. The database will help us track a person if he goes into hiding after committing some crime,\" he said. The official said police had information that criminals were reaching the city under the guise of construction labourers.\"The details of the suspects will be crosschecked once we prepare the new database. Police stations have been directed to update the database on a monthly basis,\" he added.Police have already collected details from around 100 migrant labourers camping near Pullepadi in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498487", "title": "Colleges accept 10% hike in fees", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Private Unaided Engineering Colleges' Association has agreed to the government's decision of 10% fee hike for all professional courses from the next academic year. The association held a meeting with colleges on Sunday and decided on go ahead with the move. \"We have no other option but to say yes to the government's decision. Exams are already over and counselling sessions will begin soon. There is no time for any more negotiations,\" said Panduranga Sheety, vice-president, Karnataka Private Unaided Engineering Colleges' Association.The association will write to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Monday, giving its consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "sneha ullal has done it again. at 7", "code": "12502557", "title": "Sneha on Lovelockdown", "text": "Sneha Ullal has done it again. At 7:45 am in the morning the olive eyed Aishwarya Rai Bachchan look-alike uploaded her second video, 'Lovelockdown', on youtube.The three minute twenty second video is a sharp contrast from her first video 'Lick', which was rather suggestive. This time around, the petite actor is playing a heartbroken young lady who has a tough time dealing with heartache.The background song in the slick video is that of American pop duo Maria Taylor and Orenda Fink's hit 2001 number \"Sleep\" from their debut album \"Azure Ray\". The video generated over 300 views in the first fifteen minutes of going online.Her twitter account too has been inundated with congratulatory messages. Director Anil Sunkara was one of them. \"Elegant, Exotic, Engaging. Every thing is good. Loved the cinematography (sic),\" he posted on twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499750", "title": "\u2018Manja\u2019 kite thread kills 28-yr-old biker", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man died after a stray 'manja' kite thread slit his throat while riding a moped on Nerkundram High Road near Vanagaram on Sunday. Police said N Raj Kumar, a caterer from Arumbakkam , fell off the bike and died on the spot.Six days ago, another motorcyclist on Anna Salai was injured in the neck by the kite thread that has ground glass glued to it. Kite flying is banned under Section 71 of the City Police Act, but no action is taken to prevent sale of such threads in the city.Passers-by saw Raj Kumar suddenly falling off his bike near Bala Murali theatre on Nerkundram High Road at 4.45 pm, police said. He was returning after meeting a prospective customer at Vanagaram when the accident happened. Manja slits through biker's neck\"It was a stray 'manja' . It looks like Raj Kumar did not sense the thread till it got entangled around his neck because he was wearing a helmet . People who saw the incident told us that he lost balance and fell off the bike. He died because of the neck injury caused by the thread,\" apolice officer said.Police said this was the first accident involving 'manja' in the area. \"We will try to take steps to prevent flying of kites using the thread in the area,\" the police officer said. People flying kites often use 'manja' threads to cut other flying kites. These kites which are cut loose often stray about. Bikers often fall prey to these hanging threads because it is difficult to spot them while driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498549", "title": "Auto drivers fume as LPG rates shoot up", "text": "BANGALORE: Autorickshaw drivers feel that what has been given by the right hand by way of fare hike is being taken away by the left, through increase in LPG price that took effect on Sunday.Hurt by the substantial hike - Rs 6.80 per litre - they demanded that the government reduce duties on LPG. Ironically, diesel prices have dipped by 50 paise to Rs 46.21.The hike comes only a few weeks after auto fares were revised. While the minimum fare now is Rs 20 as against the earlier Rs 17, the fare per km is up from Rs 9 to Rs 11.In protest, auto drivers are gathering for a protest at Mysore Bank Circle on Monday. \"We will draft a letter to the deputy commissioner, asking him to look into our problems,\" said Md Riyaz, member of Auto Rickshaw Drivers Union (ARDU).Drivers are crying foul as they had demanded Rs 24 as minimum fare and Rs 12 per km in anticipation of this fuel hike. ''But the state government refused to yield to our request and said they will look into the matter as and when there's a hike,'' said Riyaz.Significantly, auto drivers now don't want to negotiate for a higher minimum fare with the government, instead they want the fuel rate standardized and not leave it to respective oil companies to fix it according to their whims and fancies.\"We cannot afford to up the fare any further. It'll be a burden on the common man. Instead, we want the state and the Union governments to arrive at a more practical solution without burdening either parties,\" said Rudramurthy, vice-president of ARDU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499282", "title": "Coal crisis short-circuits power generation in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two units of crucial power plants -Anpara C and Rosa -- have been shut down due to impending coal crisis. The crisis is likely to in the summer months, when the demand for power rises, putting more pressure on the generating units to increase production. While the Anpara C unit has the capacity of 600 MW, the closed Rosa unit generates 300 MW.The coal crisis may not only hit Akhilesh Yadav government's poll promise of providing an increased power supply to the rural areas, but also puts at stake government's ambitious project to set up power plants with a combined installed capacity of 15,000 MW through MoU route.According to data available with the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC), the latest victim of the fuel shortage is the 300 MW unit at Shahjahanpur-based Rosa thermal power station , which stopped working on March 16. Likewise, the 600 MW unit of Anpara C too has been facing the crisis since February. Both the units were in a state of shut down even on Sunday, resulting in a demand-supply gap of over 2000 MW. While Anpara C has three units of 600 MW each, Rosa, too, has three units of 300 MW each.UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) authorities confirmed that the units were indeed facing the fuel crisis hampering the overall generation in the state. UPPCL chairman Avnish Awasthi said that the matter was being taken up with the Union ministry.It was only last week, when the minister of state for power, KC Venugopal, told the Rajya Sabha that 34 power plants were under stress following shortage of coal. At the same time, the ministry has been maintaining that none of the power utilities in the country reported any of their thermal power stations in stuck for want of coal. Although the ministry admitted that inadequate availability of coal vis-a-vis requirement has affected electricity generation in some of the power plants.UPPCL sources said that the issue pertains to difference in opinion between the power ministry and Coal India Limited. While the ministry has been insisting on domestic coal supply to the tune of 80% of the requirement, the CIL has been restricting it to 50%. This has put the generating units under pressure to resort to import of coal, which is far more expensive. While the domestic coal comes at the rate of Rs 1,000 per tonne, the imported one costs Rs 4,000 per tonne. This makes it far more difficult, if not completely unviable, for the generating units.The situation gets grimmer for Uttar Pradesh, which has seen an ever-rising demand for power. Until last summers, the demand had risen to nearly 11,000 MW as against state's own production hovering in the range of around 2,300 MW to 2,600 MW. The state was relying more on energy trading, which came at a much higher cost for a financially ailing power utility like UPPCL. Apart from this, the excess withdrawal of power from the central pool was also a cause of concern. Now with the coal crisis getting deeper across the country, the energy trading will be under stress.UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) officials confirmed the units were facing fuel shortage . UPPCL chairman Avnish Awasthi said the shortage will be taken up with the Union coal ministry.Last week, Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal told the Rajya Sabha that 34 power plants were under stress due to coal shortage. But, the ministry maintained there were no reports that power generation at any thermal power stations in the country has halted for want of coal.UPPCL sources said the coal crisis is a fallout of difference in opinion between the Union power ministry and Coal India Limited (CIL).While the ministry has been insisting on domestic coal supply must be 80% of the requirement, the CIL has restricted it to 50%. This has compelled generating units to import coal which works out to be more expensive . Domestic coal is priced at Rs 1,000 per tonne and the imported variety costs Rs 4,000 per tonne.UP is hard hit with rising power demand. Till last summer, the demand rose to nearly 11,000 MW while the state's production hovering around 2,300 MW to 2,600 MW.Uttar Pradesh relied more on energy trading, which cost a financially ailing power utility like the UPPCL dear.Also, excess withdrawal of power from the central pool was also a cause of concern . The current coal crisis is likely to exert stress on energy trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498097", "title": "Legally speaking: \r SC's reporting norms deny public right to know", "text": "A constitution bench of the Supreme Court is in the midst of an important and interesting debate over how to balance rights of the accused and press freedom to ensure fair trial is not a casualty. Rightly, it has been voicing concern about intrusive or excessive media reporting of trial proceedings, which sometimes vilified an accused or endangered witness security.If an accused had a genuine apprehension of breach of his right to life which involves his dignity and reputation because of media glare and sought protection by a preventive judicial order, what should the constitutional courts do?Can the court not order temporary postponement of reporting to prevent pernicious effect on a precious right? Should it ask the accused to wait until his right was violated and then seek damages through a suit? These are the questions the SC wants the constitutional experts to deliberate upon and come up with some practical solution to strike a balance between the right of the accused and the press freedom. In situations born out of serious infraction of fundamental rights, the courts have an unquestionable mandate to protect the citizen's rights, even prisoners. In Sunil Batra vs. Delhi Administration [1980 SCC (3) 483], the SC had said: \"Where injustice, verging on inhumanity, emerges from hacking human rights guaranteed in Part III (of the Constitution) and the victim beseeches the court to intervene and relieve, the court will be a functional futility if it does not go into action until the wrong is righted. The court is not a distant abstraction omnipotent in the books but an activist institution which is cynosure of public hope. The court can issue writs to meet the new challenges.\"The reason behind the guidelines for protection of the prisoner's right in the Sunil Batra case is evident from the critical words - injustice, inhumanity, hacking of human rights contrasted with public hope and new challenges.But, guidelines for reporting criminal case proceedings have an important flip-side and the Supreme Court must bear in mind the constant attempt by some rich, powerful, influential and famous accused to scuttle the trial through methods, both legit and illegal.Let us take an example. The court orders temporary suspension of reporting on the plea of an accused. During this period, the accused colludes with prosecution to get certain crucial charges dropped. What should a reporter do - report it any way keeping in mind public interest or honour the court's temporary gag order passed in consonance with the Supreme Court laid down guidelines?It has happened in a hit-an-run case. A sting operation by a TV channel saved the trial. When poor suffer at the hands of rich and powerful or die under their car wheels, money plays an overbearing role in silencing the gut-wrenching animated sobs of the victim's kin. The cars turn into trucks in their testimonies, reporting of which would surely be objected to by both the accused and witnesses.The accused would not like the smokescreen created with money power to be pulled down. The relatives would like to secure their future after the death of their breadwinner. Punishing the rich and telling the truth would not really help the kin in life. What does a reporter do - report it any way or just look the other way?True, it is difficult to strike a balance between the rights of an accused against the press freedom, which involves public's right to know.The Punjab and Haryana High Court had dealt with a similar situation in a case relating to huge cash-for-job scam in state Public Service Commission relating to recruitment of Class-I and II officers, few of whom were allegedly kin of Judges.Aggrieved by incessant reporting of the scam, then PPSC chief and main accused Ravinderpal Singh Sidhu moved the HC. A gag order was passed by Justice K S Garewal on May 3, 2002. He ordered: \"It is in the interest of fair and impartial investigation, besides trial, that the respondents (newspapers) are completely prohibited from disclosing the contents of the statements of the witnesses recorded under Section 161 of the Code of Criminal Procedure or the contents of the statements and confessions, if any, recorded under Section 172 of the Code\".On an appeal, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi (now a Supreme Court Judge) and Bakhshish Kaur on May 31, 2002, said, \"There was no valid reason for imposing any restriction, much less a ban, on publication of news items and reports on the progress of investigation being conducted by various agencies of the Punjab government into what is being described as PPSC recruitment scam.\"Importantly, the bench said: \"The reports appearing in the press and the electronic media about a case involving PPSC chairman Ravinderpal Singh Sidhu, suggesting that he had amassed wealth running into crores of rupees by corrupt means and polluting the progress of selection leading to the recruitment of various persons to Class I and II services in the state of Punjab, do not in any manner violate his fundamental right to free and fair trial under Article 21 of the Constitution of India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503187", "title": "Tinu Verghis shot in Sri Lanka for her debut flick", "text": "When Tinu Verghis quit modeling this year in March, her decision to bid adieu to the ramp came as a shocker to many. At that time, Tinu had told us that she's preparing for art college in Singapore (she's heading there pretty soon), but little did we know that there many more artistic pursuits that the model was already experimenting with in the meanwhile, including acting!In June last year, Tinu was approached by director Qaushiq Mukherjee, known in cinematic circles as 'Q', the director of the film \"Gandu\", for his next project \"Tasher Desh\", co-produced by Anurag Kashyap, and the model took up the challenge immediately.Speaking to DT, Tinu says, \"I was thinking of quitting modeling for over 2 years, and \"Tasher Desh\" is not the reason for me to quit modeling,\" even though she did colour her hair red for this movie last year. She adds that this movie is an exception, and she's not really looking forward to a Bollywood career, \"This is an exception because I didn't go out to get this role, it came to me. I enjoyed the experience to the core and it was definitely worth every moment.\"The movie was shot in Sri Lanka, and Tinu says that it wasn't easy. \"The first part of the shoot was in idyllic Sri Lanka; it was picture perfect. During the second part of the shoot we stayed in a shagging hotel in Bolpur. There was red velvet all over. It wasn't a very pretty sight. I'd never pay to stay at a place like that and there I was, all happy and being nice to people... It was a very different experience from my modeling world. I shot my passionate song sitting in a boat filled with dirty pond water full of shit floating around. I guess when I am being passionate, shit doesn't matter. The dedication and the energy, Q and his crew, put into making the movie totally floored me.\"Tinu plays the role of the Oracle, Patralekha, in the film and says that she is the \"elusive chick in the movie\", adding, \"I'm in the movie from the beginning to the end, mostly as a shadow and sometimes a flying red garment. The icing on my cup cake is the song sung by Susheela Raman. It is beautiful and I still sing it to my plants.\"The movie's releasing soon, but Tinu's back to focusing on college. She says, \"I am preparing my file for admission into the college. It has my attention right now. I have never made any plans in my life. I want to learn whatever is available for me to learn at any point. I embrace every opportunity wholly. I have no mission. If I am offered another role, I hope it would be as exciting as Tasher Desh. I am not a running around trees singing ballads kind of person. I am more of a Ninja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503055", "title": "Don't dump your frustration online: Kunchacko Boban", "text": "The actor, who is celebrating his 15 th year in filmdom, wants the net community to exercise more restraint while passing judgements on filmsWhen his first film, Aniyathipravu, released way back in the late 1990s, a good film won or lost its audience by word-of-mouth publicity. \"Back then, we had no online reviews as rampant as they are today. A film was judged at least a week after its release based on the response of the audience,\" he says. \"Of late, it's being noticed that online reviews come minutes after a film's first show, especially on social networking sites. And most of these reviews are negative. I feel these reviews come a tad too early to seal the fate of every film. This is not at all a healthy trend.\"Although the actor is not totally against such reviews, he asserts that it is high-time that these reviewers stop venting their frustration online. \"Initially, when net reviews first made their appearance, they were encouraging and helped in promoting films. But now, the judgement about every film that is released comes too early and even people who have not seen the film start discussing and degrading it. This trend should, in no way, be encouraged,\" says Kunchacko, who is happy that his recent release, Ordinary, where he plays a bus conductor, has been received well. \"I believe Ordinary is the first genuine hit of 2012 because the film appealed to people from different walks of life. It had a good story and brought back the village scene into Mollywood, which has been missing for a while.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497734", "title": "'RTI pressure on Defence Col officer'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Sunday questioned three senior Army officers in Defence Colony's mysterious double death case. Defence ministry official Yashkar Sinha and his wife Archana were found dead in their flat under mysterious circumstances on Friday afternoon.Dr Diwakar, apparently the only person with whom Sinha used to share details of his professional life, said, \"Yashkar met me in Patna a month ago. He was under stress. When I asked him what was wrong, first he did not say anything and then told me he had been posted in the RTI wing where he was supposed to be handling applications for sensitive and confidential information. There was a lot of pressure,\" he said. Police sources said they would check the recent RTI applications handled by Sinha.The preliminary post mortem report states that Archana died due to strangulation. There was a minor injury on her head as well but that could be due to a fall or she could have hurt herself during the scuffle to save her life, said a source. The report concludes that Yashkar died due to burns. Their visceras have been preserved for further examination.Five days before he died, Yashkar had gone to Lucknow on work. On Thursday night, a day before his death, Yashkar met his sister and was looking stressed, according to the sister's account to other family members. He was wearing formals that night as if he was going to meet somebody. \"After this, nobody knows what happened,\" said a source.His brother Pushkar Sinha told TOI that police had told him about the content of the 'note' they found in the house but did not make him sign any paper. The note, reportedly two pages of a small dairy, was found in a green polythene bag on Saturday, as reported by TOI. The note blames two senior Army officers for driving Yashkar to despair by pressuring him. Apparently written by Yashkar, the note opened a new line of investigation for the police.Pushkar too said he smelled foul play in the deaths. \"It (the note) could not be treated as a suicide note. He (Yashkar) did not usually share things with anyone and vent out his feelings on a paper,\" he said. Police believe that the note was written days before the deaths. Handwriting experts are examining it to ascertain whether it was written by Yashkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497498", "title": "Gir wild cats mauled 10 to death in a year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lions and leopards killed at least 10 persons in Junagadh district in the past one year. The state government has revealed that 1,966 attacks on cattle and 60 attacks on humans have been reported in the same period.In a written reply to a question by MLA Dhirsinh Barad, the government said that in the 60 attacks, 10 people died and 52 were injured in the year ending January 31.The government has also paid a compensation of Rs 66.63 lakh in case of deaths of cattle and person, while Rs 55.36 lakh were paid for the death of 2,486 cattle, Rs 9.5 lakh in case of death of person and Rs 1.77 lakh for those 52 person who were injured in the attack.Going by the figures, the maximum attacks on cattle and humans were in Una taluka where 589 cattle and 15 persons were attacked in the last one year.This was followed closely by Talala where 301 cattle attacks were reported and 11 persons mauled.A senior officer refusing anonymity said that in victims in the majority cases of attacks on humans were mauled by leopards. He said that the leopards were getting out of the Gir sanctuary and were moving in the open fields. This was leading to increased human-animal conflict.Lions have not attacked many people. The wild cat has targeted cattle the most. \"With their population increasing, lions are moving out of the sanctuary and have made several areas along the coast as their permanent home. This has resulted in the increased number of attacks on the cattle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502397", "title": "At Home in the World", "text": "Jonathan Long, new principal of Woodstock School, Mussoorie, talks to Aaditi Isaac on the emergence of international school education in IndiaQ- Woodstock School (founded in 1854) is the first international school in India. How receptive has India become to providing international education?An increasing number of students have joined international schools in India in recent years, as parents see the benefits of an international school education. However, there are many different \"types\" of international schools. Some international schools serve a largely expatriate community and focus on teaching a set national curriculum that provides access to tertiary education back in a particular home country. Other international schools have far more diverse student populations and offer opportunities for young people to graduate into a worldwide educational environment.Woodstock has responded to the need for an international education that offers far more than a traditional academic curriculum. Our holistic approach to learning is an opportunity to specifically develop cross-cultural understanding, a global outlook, and an ability to build quality relationships with people from different backgrounds and creeds. Woodstock may have been India's first international school but its understanding of internationalism has moved well beyond the confines of strap-line, curriculum or aspiration.Q- The model of international schools has become quite common in India. What is your view?Several international schools have sprung up across India in recent years, but one would question just how genuinely international some of these new schools are in character. By this, I mean do they have an international student and staff body, is their curriculum global and internationally-accredited, do their students go on to study at international institutions, and is their governance international in its make-up? Currently about 80% of our students go on to study at international universities, and we make sure we consistently fulfil these criteria to maintain the international character of the school.At Woodstock, we value the term global over the term international. Our aim is to prepare young people for tomorrow's world, not yesterday's.Q- What is the profile of the school - faculty and students?Currently, about 40% of our students are Indian nationals, and the other 60% are from other countries around the world ranging from the US to the UK, Germany to Japan, and Afghanistan to Australia. Our students represent about 30 different countries across the globe, and staff about 20 different nationalities.Q- Can you elaborate on the different boards/examination systems followed by the school?We offer an international curriculum including the Advanced Placement (AP) and IGCSE, as well as the Indian marksheet and the US High School Diploma. This means our students have access to higher educational institutions around the world and in India.Q- Since the school follows many examination systems, how do students fit in to the Indian higher education system, if they do not go abroad?For students intending to attend university in India, the school offers the Indian marksheet, which is accepted as equivalent to 10 + 2 by the Association of Indian Universities, the Indian Institutes of Technology, and the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations.Q- What is Vision 2020 and how is it being achieved?The 2020 Vision is our strategic plan for the school for the next eight years, which aims to help Woodstock continue a 160-year-old tradition of releasing the potential in young people. Of course, we believe that focusing on this goal will also enable us to maintain our position as a leading educational institution in India, impacting on the world. We will achieve it by making sure we keep our diverse student body and talented staff drawn from many nations, maintaining our outstanding student experience and learning opportunities, and by remembering that education is more than just academic results, but a holistic experience. Ultimately the essence of a good education is formation of character.Q- You became the principal in January 2012, what are your future plans for the school?I want to create a school in which young people discover that there is far more in them than they realise. Our ultimate vision is to create conditions in which young people flourish and grow and can release their potential. To do this we need to recruit and retain the best teachers, make sure our resources here are of the highest standard, and make sure every dimension of the school is aligned to our vision and values.Q- For three years out of four, Woodstock School has been voted as the most respected international school in India by Education World. What is the secret?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501684", "title": "Rajinikanth records AR Rahman's Hindi song", "text": "Last Saturday, Rajinikanth created history. For the first time in his acting career, he recorded a Hindi song composed and co-sung by AR Rahman in London for his daughter Soundarya's film Kochadaiyaan.The film's producers Dr Murli Manohar and Eros International were keen on the superstar singing the song in Hindi after he lent his voice to the original Tamil version.\"Rajini and Rahman came together to render Rahman's composition. In Hindi. Rajniji had earlier sung the theme song for the Tamil version of Kochadaiyaan. But that was a completely different song. You must understand that the Hindi version of Kochadaiyaan is totally independent of its Tamil version. And so are the songs,\" Dr Manohar told Mirror.The song, Mirror learnt, has been written by Irshaad Kaamil of Love Aaj Kal and Rockstar fame. It is a complicated imagery of life and mortality and has a lot of difficult Urdu words. And Rajini was initially a little skeptical about pulling it off.However, at the end of a 15-day schedule in London that began on March 19, the superstar managed to sing for Rahman. And an eyewitness revealed that it indeed was a historic number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12498671", "title": "Akhilesh writes to PM to lift milk export ban", "text": "NOIDA: Following the agitation of milkmen and disruption of supply in Delhi-NCR and parts of western Uttar Pradesh, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has written a letter to the Prime Minister to lift the ban on milk export. Meanwhile, the milkmen associations in western UP are again planning to hold a protest and have threatened to stop supply to Delhi-NCR. Considering the gravity of the issue, Gautam Budh Nagar MP met agriculture minister Sharad Pawad who assured to take the issue before a GoM and settle the matter soon.Representatives of the milkmen reportedly met Akhilesh Yadav recently and told him that even some milk companies are in favour of lifting ban on export.\"In south India, the government has introduced a minimum support price for milk procurement. But this is not followed in western UP,\" said Surender Singh Nagar, MP from Gautam Budh Nagar.\"Milk is the basic need of every citizen and due to price manipulation by some organizations, the end user is facing disruption in supply and milkmen are reeling under immense financial burden. If this problem is not solved on time, the situation will become even grimmer. Keeping this in mind, I met Sharad Pawar,\" Nagar said.The price war and agitation of milkmen has been going on for the last one year. Last month, the agitation turned violent when some middlemen started throwing milk on roads and drains when the milkmen were going to sell milk to private players directly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497622", "title": "20% rise in autism over last 2 years: US study", "text": "MUMBAI: Is there an epidemic of autism? A new American survey suggests as much by pegging the incidence of autism at one is every 88 children.While there is no such data available from Mumbai, local doctors say they are seeing more children than ever before with autistic characteristics. Parents have to wait for weeks if not months to get an appointment with a developmental pediatrician or speech therapist . The waiting period is long,'' said a mother of a 10-year-old with autism.Autism is a neurological disorder characterized by poor social and communication skills. It is called a spectrum disorder because no two children have same symptoms; while one could be genius with poor social skills, the other could have severe learning disabilities and repetitive behaviour.The Center for Diseases Control in Atlanta last week released data showing a 20% increase in the incidence of autism in the last two years-from one in 110 children previously to one in 88 children now.Developmental pediatrician Dr Vibha Krishnamurthy, who set up Umeed Child Development Centre in Currey Road, feels the new incidence rate could spur awareness. She points out to a South Korean study done two years ago that said that one in every 38 children is autistic. Why should India be any different from South Korea or the US?'' she asked.Considering that some of the biological risk factors for autism such as low birth weight and pre-term birth are higher in India, she added that our children have higher risk of autism.''American experts too have given three reasons for the increased incidence: more children being diagnosed because of better awareness, an actual increase in incidence or expanding the definition of autism.Experts say that there is an increased awareness in Mumbai in as well. But it is not enough,'' said Chitra Iyer, a founding members of the Forum For Autism in Mumbai. The biggest problem in Mumbai is space. Even if concerned people manage to arrange for space to set up a resource center, it is difficult getting trained personnel,'' she said.The solution, according to FFA, would be for the local government to set up schools and rehabilitation homes. Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central has a special school called Adi that is doing great work,'' said Iyer, adding that other municipal hospitals too should adopt the idea.Salman speaks up for autismThe much-ignored field of autism now has a star endorser. On the occasion of World Autism Day on Monday, film actor Salman Khan is doing his bit to spread awareness about the neurological disorder. \"Autism is a misunderstood condition and the firststep is understanding it,'' Salman Khan told TOI. His NGO, Being Human, has hence released an eight-point guide on autism. Being Human will also showcase on its site and social media the good work done by some organisations in the area of autism awareness and therapy,'' he added. Khan's endorsement follows a request to him by various parental groups. The guide highlights that autism is not disease, but is a disorder that can happen to anyone, irrespective of class, creed, nationality and gender. It underlines that early detection does not always happen in India and parents should not be demoralized if they do not receive early intervention.What is autism?* It is a incapacitating life-long developmental disorder that occurs in the first three years of life.* It affects development in three areas -- social skills, communicative (verbal and non-verbal) skills and behavior.* It's known as a 'spectrum disorder' because the symptoms range from a mild learning and social disability to a severe impairment with unusual behavior. Mental retardation may also occur.* There have been no studies in India, but NGO Action for Autism says the incidence is about 20 in a population of 10,000 people. New US data says one in 88 children is affected", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497721", "title": "Women take the lead in India's grey march", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, a majority of India's elderly are women. The Registrar General of India's (RGI) latest data from the Sample Registration System (SRS), 2010, has confirmed feminization of India's elderly. The data sent to the Union health ministry on Saturday shows that the percentage of women in the age group of 60 years and above is higher in 17 out of the 20 large states. It is as high as nearly 12.6% in Kerala, Maharashtra (10%), Himachal Pradesh and Tamil Nadu ((10.3%).Only three states - Assam, Bihar and Jammu &amp; Kashmir - have more elderly men than women.The difference between percentage of elderly women against 60+ men is most acute in states like Andhra Pradesh (8.4 women against 7.1 men), Chhattisgarh (7.1 against 5.9), Gujarat (8.3 against 6.8), Haryana (6.9 against 5.3), Maharashtra (9.7 against 8.7), Punjab (9.4 against 8.4) and Rajasthan (7.4 against 6.2). The Union health ministry expects 51% of the elderly population will be women by 2016.Overall, nearly 7.5% of India's population is aged 60 years and above. In rural India, 7.5% of the population is above 60, and the corresponding figure is 7% urban areas.Kerala (11.8), Himachal Pradesh (10.1%) and Tamil Nadu (10%) have the highest percentage of elderly in the country, followed by Maharashtra (9.2), Punjab (8.9) and Odisha (8.7). Jharkhand (5.7), Assam (5.5) and Delhi (5.7) record the lowest percentage of geriatrics.The SRS report says, \"On account of better education, health facilities and increase in life expectancy, the percentage of elderly population (60+) has gone up from 6% to 7%.\" A recent Planning Commission report had said one in every four among India's elderly population are depressed, one in three suffer from arthritis , while one in five cannot hear. While one in three suffer from hypertension in rural India and one in two in urban areas, almost half have poor vision. Around one in 10 experience a fall that results in fracture, while two in five are anemic. One in 10 in rural India and two in five in urban suffer from diabetes , and about 31% suffer from bowel disorders.\"The elderly population will increase to 12% of the total population by 2025, 10% of which would be bedridden, requiring utmost care. India will soon become home to the second largest number of older people in the world. The challenges are unique with this population. A majority (80%) of them is in the rural areas thus making service delivery a challenge, feminization of the elderly population and 30% of the elderly are below poverty line,\" said an internal ministry note.According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, the number of Indians aged above 80 will increase more than six times from existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore by 2059. At present, 20% of this category in India suffers from Alzheimer's disease. The 65+ population in the country is likely to quadruple from 6.4 crore in 2005 to 23.9 crore, and the 60+ to go up from from 8.4 crore to 33.5 crore in the next 43 years.UN estimates say the global population of 60 years and older will more than double - from 542 million in 1995 to about 1.2 billion in 2025.The ministry's revised National Programme for the Healthcare of the Elderly ( NPHCE) expects to have 20 institutions with capacity to produce 40 post-graduates in MD in geriatric medicine per year, additional 6,400 beds in district hospitals and 1,000 beds in medical colleges for the elderly by 2017. It also envisages setting up geriatric clinics in OPD and physiotherapy units in 640 district hospitals and more than 2,000 geriatric clinics in community and primary health centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498259", "title": "Wide scope for new industries to set up base in Nashik, says deputy labour commissioner RS Jadhav", "text": "R S Jadhav, deputy labour commissioner for the Nashik division, which covers the Nashik, Jalgaon, Nandurbar, Dhule and Ahmednagar districts of the state, spoke to TOI about the industrial situation in Nashik district and the measures his office is taking to maintain peace in industrial estates.Are minimum wages being given to workers in the industrial estates in Nashik district? Have you received complaints about violations of the minimum wages Act?There are three categories in this connection, large, medium and small industries. There are administrative and human resource departments in large industries. So, in these places, the minimum wages Act is being implemented properly and such complaints are not received very often. There are also no complaints regarding minimum wages in medium scale industries too. But, there may be a difference in the wages in small scale units. Such cases won't come to the surface till the workers involved come forward and lodge complaints. There are four officials assigned to Nashik district to keep a check on whether the minimum wages Act is being implemented in the district. These officials have to visit the workers and the industries and carry out their duties through official meetings and government correspondence. Hence, they have to concentrate on urgent complaints first. So, they face limitations in covering large area during routine inspections. But, we immediately take action once a complaint is lodged with our office. There are currently no major complaints regarding minimum wages. There may be some minor complaints which are not reaching us, but we take immediate action if such cases are found.What is the concept of minimum wages? What are the minimum wages being offered in Nashik district?There are around 70 scheduled employments under the minimum wages Act. The minimum wages in these 70 sectors, e.g., engineering and plastics industries, hospitals, dispensaries, shops and establishments, are different. Minimum wages are different in each industrial sector. They are usually in the range of Rs 4,800 to Rs 7,225. The book exercises and paper boards also come under the minimum wage structure i.e. Rs 4,800 per month, while the highest minimum wages are given to skilled workers in the engineering sector. But, the minimum wages are revised from time to time by the government.What are the minimum wages for agriculture labourers? Are they getting wages due to them?The minimum wages for agricultural labourers is Rs 120 per day. But, agricultural labourers are not available at such a low cost. Their average wages are around Rs. 200-250 in the district. There is already a shortage of agricultural labourers in the district and they are not easily available even for higher pay. The agricultural industry in the district is in trouble due to this shortage.Are builders paying labour cess regularly? How much labour cess was collected in the last year?Labour cess 1% of the project construction cost is charged and it is recovered by the relevant authority like the municipal corporation, municipalities or the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) while sanctioning the building plan. The labour cess is deposited directly to the Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board (MBOCWB), Mumbai. In the financial year 2011-12, labour cess amounting to Rs 14 crore was collected from Nashik division. But, we have not received any complaints regarding non-payment of labour cess as it is recovered by the relevant authority while sanctioning new building plans.What is the status of workers of closed industries in the region? Do you have such cases pending with your office?It takes some time to pay dues of workers of closed industries if the cases are pending with the court. A no-objection certificate (NOC) from our department is compulsory in case the owner of the closed industry wants to sell the plot. We don't give the NOC till all the dues of the workers are cleared. We had five-six such cases in the past five years and we had given them the NOC after ensuring that all the dues of the workers were cleared.What is the scenario of migrant workers in the district?The proportion of migrant workers is not much in the district. In fact, many migrants stay here for years and have settled down here. It is the subject of debate whether to call them migrants. Migrant workers are mainly seen in the construction segment. They are seen at construction projects for buildings, flyovers, bridges, dams etc. They leave for another place once the project is completed.Have you got complaints about exploitation of workers in private industries?There are minor complaints of exploitation of workers in Nashik industries. We immediately take action in such cases following inspections.The problems of workers escalate when the industry is shifted to some other state. Is there any such case with your department?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12502198", "title": "IBM to develop supercomputer to unravel Universe", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp (IBM) has partnered with a team building the world's largest radio telescope to develop super computer systems to make sense of light years of space data and the history of the universe.The Netherlands Institute for Radio Astronomy, known as ASTRON, and IBM will collaborate to research so-called exascale computers that consume little power. The technology will be needed to study faint radio signals from deep space produced by the \"Big Bang\" 13 billion years ago -- to be collected by the Square Kilometre Array telescope when it's completed in 2024.\"The telescope will be used to explore evolving galaxies, dark matter and even the very origins of the universe,\" IBM and ASTRON said in a statement. \"Scientists estimate that the processing power required to operate the telescope will be equal to several millions of today's fastest computers.\"The initial five-year, 32.9 million euro ($43.9 million) \"DOME project\" in Drenthe, the Netherlands, will investigate technologies necessary to read, store and analyze one exabyte of raw data per day -- twice today's entire daily Internet traffic. IBM, the world's biggest computer-services provider, is advancing technologies that increase memory capacity and reduce power consumption to process near-limitless data, to help business and government clients analyze performance and project trends.'Futuristic technology '\"We have to invent futuristic technology to look into the past,\" Ronald Luujten, IBM's lead researcher on the project in Zurich , Switzerland , said in an interview. \"The energy issue is becoming ubiquitous. We need fundamental new technologies to deal with the needs of the future data centers.\"The 1.5 billion euro telescope project is \"comparable\" in size, cost and international participation to the Large Hadron Collider developed by CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research , said Luujten. The collider is looking for the \"same answers\" as the telescope, by smashing protons together inside its particle accelerator, creating what Luujten called \"mini Big Bangs.\"Construction of the super telescope will begin in 2017. It will be positioned in Australia or South Africa where there is enough space to accommodate 3,000 dishes -- one square kilometers' worth of antenna positioned across a continent, that make up the super telescope, said Luujten.IBM, based in Armonk, New York , has partnered with governments and universities in both potential host countries to develop software that will filter out \"the noise\" the telescope collects and create sky maps for astronomers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "etawah/lucknow", "code": "12498395", "title": "3 devotees die in Etawah police firing", "text": "ETAWAH/LUCKNOW: Three people were killed and nine, including a cop, injured when police opened fire to control violence in the Etawah district of Uttar Pradesh on Sunday. Police opened fire after violence broke out at a temple over hoisting of a flag.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered a probe and also directed DGP AC Sharma to monitor the situation. Locals suspect it was a planned attempt to trigger violence at the Brahmani Devi Mandir in Balrai village. They said that some miscreants went to the temple with firearms and opened fire, injuring in charge of the Balrai police station.The DGP said the incident was a fallout of an old rivalry between two groups over hoisting of a flag at the temple. Locals had lined up for their turn to hoist the flag when a group of men tried to break through the queue, to which the devotees objected. The situation turned violent when the unruly group reportedly whipped out guns.When the police rushed to the site, someone from the crowd opened fire. In the retaliatory firing, three people were killed and nine injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498047", "title": "No extension for worthless teachers: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Worthless\" schoolteachers cannot claim a right to re-employment after retirement, the Delhi high court has said.Dismissing two petitions filed by retired teachers of Delhi Public School, a division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw made it clear that no government notification conferred a right to be re-employed.\"The notification is not intended to force upon the institutions teachers who are worthless... and who are standing in the way of fresh blood being inducted into the institution,\" the court said, clarifying the 2007 notification. The notification ought to be read as an incentive to teachers for improving their performance, it said.The school alleged the teachers had an improper style of teaching, remained absent without sanction and did not attend meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498488", "title": "4 held for stealing students' gadgets", "text": "NASHIK: The Adgaon police have registered offences against four persons in connection with a house break-in on January 31. The four who have been arrested by the Panchavati police have confessed to nearly 10 crimes in and around Panchavati and Adgaon in the city.Sanjay Lakhe (26), from Seetagumpha, Panchavati, Sagar Dani (22), from Vadala Naka, Bhadrakali, Kiran Waghmare (29) from Milind Nagar slum and Kiran Patil (22), from Shiv Shakti Chowk committed burglaries and house break-ins. The Adgaon police said the four generally stole expensive gadgets used by college students.The police have recovered the gadgets.A complaint by Tushar Kanarvare of Jail Road said the accused had stolen a laptop, iPad and a hard disk, totally costing Rs 33,000 on January 31. The accused entered the flat of Karnavare, a college student, by breaking open the lock of his room between 3.30pm and 6.30pm.The police said of the four, Kiran Waghmare was a college student and used to be in touch with fellow students. Waghmare used to gain information about expensive gadgets the students had with them and subsequently passed on the information to his gang members.The gang stole the gadgets when the students were out attending classes. The police chanced upon the gang after receiving many complaints. The police had registered offences of house break-ins and forced robberies against the accused.Vaibav Gime had earlier complained of a house break-in to the Adgaon police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497947", "title": "All India Pre-Medical Test prelims end on mixed note", "text": "NAGPUR: The All India Pre-Medical Test (AIPMT) 2012 started on a mixed note as some students found it tough to deal with. This will be the last edition of this test conducted by CBSE, as it will be replaced next year by the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET).Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College, Deekshabhoomi, said, \"Overall, the paper was easy but some students expressed concerns. They said some questions in the chemistry section were tough to deal with, but then this differs from individual to individual.\"Some students felt that certain parts of the paper were out of the syllabus. Rajeev Rekhi, a student, said, \"I felt that some questions were not from the syllabus, as the terminology was different. Overall the paper seemed somewhere in the middle of difficulty level.\"Phale however said the paper was well within the syllabus prescribed and students sometimes get confused and feel that way. \"It happens all the time because students can't understand the questions and term them as out of syllabus. But that is certainly not the case here and the paper was a balanced one,\" said Phale.Those who qualify in the prelims will be eligible to appear for the final exam scheduled for May 13. It is on the basis of the scores of the final exam that students can seek admission to medical colleges.The final examination would consist of one paper containing 120 objective type questions (four options with single correct answer) from physics, chemistry and biology (botany &amp; zoology) to be answered on the specially designed machine-gradable sheet using ballpoint pen. The duration would be three hours.Sunday's paper had 200 objective type questions (four options with single correct answer) from physics, chemistry and biology (botany &amp; zoology).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12499154", "title": "City zoo to get new facilities", "text": "RAJKOT: The Rajkot Zoological Park will soon house a modern veterinary hospital, four new enclosures for animals and six visitors' shed.The foundation stones for these new facilities were laid on Sunday by minister of state for environment and forests Kiritsinh Rana.RMC officials said the new veterinary hospital will have facilities for treatment of captive animals at the zoo, an operation theatre, X-ray facility, medicine centre, laboratory, dressing room among others. The four new enclosures for four-horned-antelope, sloth bear, chinkara and duck ponds will be developed. These facilities will be ready in six months. Earlier, zoo officials brought five hog deers, two males and three females, from Punjab zoo and they are now on display for public viewing.\"As we create new infrastructure for animals, we bring new species of animal in the zoo to create more attraction for visitors. As soon as enclosures are ready, we will bring four-horned-antelope, chinkara and sloth bear,\" superintendent, Rajkot zoological park, R K Hirpara said.As of now, the zoo has total 50 animals of nine different species which include tiger, leopards, crocodiles, lions and black bucks among others. The zoo covers 55.37 hectares area which is undulating with ridges and valleys, rocky outcrops and well drained, surrounded by two big lakes Lalpari and Randarda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499988", "title": "Power shutdown in city tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: There will be power shutdown on Tuesday from 9am to 5pm in the following areas.Flower Bazaar: Rattan Bazaar , NSC Bose Rd, Frazier Bridge Rd, Evening Bazaar, Devaraj Mudali St, Nainnaippan Naicken St, Mint St, Genguraman St, Raghu Naickulu St, South Ordinance Lane, EVR Salai, Memorial Hall St, Pethu Naicken St, Ponnappa Chetty St, EK Argaharam, Kesava Iyer St, Ravana Iyer St, Vengu chetty St, Paramasivam St, Rassappa Chetty St, Perera St, Anthony St, Stringer St, Thajai Murugappa St, Nainiappa Maistry St, Godown St, Narayana Mudali St, Narayana Mudali Lane, Govindappa Naicken St, Kasi Chetty St &amp; Lane, Perumal Mudali St, Starten Muthaiyar St, Thanjai Naicken St, Rajaji Salai , Burma Bazaar, Railway RMG, BRdway, Umberson St.Thirumudivakkam: Part of Kundrathur Town, Thirumudivakkam Sidco Estate, Vazuthalambedu , Thirumudivakkam Village , Periyar Ngr, Pazhanthandalam, Erumaiyur, Dhargas, Somangalamnallur, Naduveerapattu , Natham, Sirukalathur , Amarambedu, Varadharajapuram.Alandur: Alandur, Maduvankarai , Adambakkam, Meenambakkam ,Thiruvalluvar Ngr, New colony, V V Colony, Subbareddy Colony.Ramapuram: Bharathi Salai, Sathiya Nagar, Mugalivakkam, Manapakkam , Nesapakkam, Venkataraman Salai, Valluvar Salai, Sabari Ngr, Ramapuram, Poonamalli High Rd, Jaya Balaji Ngr, Soolai Pallam (MGR Ngr).Rajbhavan: Tamilnadu Housing Board, Raj Bhavan Colony, Kannigapuram , Periyar Ngr, Ambedkar Ngr, Indira Gandhi Ngr, Vandiakaran Rd, Nehru Ngr, Kamarajapuram , Part of Mount Rd, Muthiyal St, Renganathan St, Basiyam layout, Narasingapuram, Velachery Rd, Sardar Patel Rd, Race Course Rd, Chakrapani Rd.Pallikaranai: Anand Ngr, Vinayaga Ngr, M C N Ngr, Industrial Rd, Selvaganapathy Avenue, Selva Vinayagar Avenue, Sai Ngr, Post Office St, Pillaiyar Koil St, Foundry Rd, 200 Feet Rd, Part of Om Rd, Panchayath Rd, Ramappa Ngr, Thirumalai Ngr, CBI Colony, Elim Ngr, Oil Mill, Varadharajapuram, High School, Velacherry Main Rd, Ambal Ngr, Ganapathypuram, Citibabu Ngr.Ambattur Industrial Estate: Ambattur Industria Estate South Phase, Mugappair Industrial Estate , Vellala st, Ambattur Industrial Estate I &amp; II Main Rd, Southern Avenue Rd, Reddy St, South Reddy St, Kavarai St, Munusamy St, SSOA Complex, Kalyani Estate, Natesan St.College Road: Anderson Rd, Subba Rao avenue 1 to 3rd St, College Rd, Haddows Rd, Pycrafts garden Rd, Greames Rd, Shafi Mohammed Rd, 109, 110 Nungambakkam high Rd, Rutland gate, D P J Complex, College lane, Text Book Society, Moores Rd, Model School Rd, Wallace Garden, K N K Rd, Part of Model School Rd, Pantheon Rd.Chembarambakkam: Nazarathpet , Agaramel, Malayambakkam , Meppur, Bypass Rd, Varatharajapuram , Sipcot Pump house, Chembarambakkam Village.Kadaperi: MEPZ, Part of Tambaram Sanathorium, West &amp; East Tambaram, GST Rd, Kadapperi , Chrompet, Part of Sembakkam , Chitlapakkam, Nehru Ngr, Rural (Tambaram &amp; Thiruneermalai ), Durga Ngr, Pachai Malai, Mudichur, Radha Ngr, Rail Ngr, Moulana Ngr, Amar Ngr, M.E.S.Rd.Vyasarpadi: S.A.colony, Sharma Ngr, EH Rd, Vyasar Ngr, B.V. colony, Shastri Ngr, Pallas t, Samiyar Thottam, West Cross st, Pudhu Ngr, West avenue, Ganesapuram, Sundaram st, SM Nagar, Vyasarpadi, MKB Ngr, Vyasarpadi Indl. Estate.Kottivakkam: Entire Thiruvalluvar Ngr, 1 to 4th Seaward Rd, East Mada st, Anna st, Kottivakkam kuppam Rd, New Beach Rd, Journalist colony, Srinivasapuram , L.P.Ngr, Kalyani st, Plakalai Ngr, Venkateswara Ngr, VGP Layout , Anna salai, A.I.R.colony, Sankarapuram , Kandhasamy Ngr, Jayasankar Ngr, KarimNgr, Sangam colony, MGR St, Periyar salai, Palavakkam kuppam, Kottivakkam kuppam.Velachery: Entire Vijaya Ngr of Velachery, Nehru Ngr, Ram Ngr, VGP Selva Ngr, 100 ft Bye Pass Road , Kamarajarpuram Lakshmi Ngr, Murugu Ngr, Dhandeeswaram, Rajalakshmi Ngr, Rajendra Ngr, Velachery main Rd, Sarathi, Seethapathi Ngr, Baby Ngr, Tansi Ngr, Tharamani, &amp; Bypass Rd, Lakshmipuram , Throupathi Amman koil st, Madipakkam, Pallikaranai , Vanuvampet, Adampakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12505219", "title": "Antony meets Gen VK Singh, directs Army to streamline acquisition process", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the backdrop of Army chief Gen V K Singh raising the issue of shortage of equipment, defence minister A K Antony today directed the force to streamline its acquisition process to fix accountability in case of delays in procurement.In an hour-long meeting with Gen Singh and senior Army and ministry officials to review proposals relating to capital acquisition in the service, the minister favoured providing more financial powers to the services' headquarters if it helped in speedier acquisition of equipment and weapon systems.\"Antony directed the Army to streamline its acquisition process in such a manner that accountability can be fixed in case of any slippages. He also asked the ministry and the Army officials to examine the possibility of compressing the time taken for technical evaluations and trials,\" ministry officials said.He also asked \"the ministry and the Army officials to examine the possibility of compressing the time taken for technical evaluations and trials,\" they said.Ministry officials said the meeting was in continuation of the earlier review meetings held in September last year and January this year.Another meeting would be held next month to review the progress made on the decisions that have been taken today, they said.Besides Gen Singh, the meeting was attended by Defence Secretary Shashikant Sharma and a number of other senior ministry and service officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12498834", "title": "Mata Mansa Devi shrine receives dollar donations too", "text": "PANCHKULA: This Navaratras, it's raining dollars at the Mansa Devi shrine in Panchkula. Besides lakhs of rupees that were received at the shrine, this Navratras foreign currency including 1,031 American dollars, 230 Canadian dollars, 145 Australian dollars and 10 English pounds have been offered to the deity. Besides dollars, 55 items of gold and 1,081 of silver have been donated to the temple this Navaratras, adding up to a total which surpasses previous year's offerings according to shrine board officials.As the Navaratras concluded on Sunday, at least 10 lakh devotees paid obeisance at Shri Mata Mansa Devi Shrine and total 1 crore, 57 lakh were offered to the deity, said CEO D P Dattana.\"I have come to visit my cousin in Chandigarh. They told me about the Navaratra fair in Mansa Devi temple. I was amazed to see the faith and enthusiasm among devotees during this fair. Till date I have witnessed nothing like this back in my country,\" said Kristine, who has come from Australia to visit her cousins in India.She added, \"It was a great experience to be a part of this fair. I am surprised to see how much faith Indians place in their gods and goddesses.\"There were some locals as well who had given foreign currencies in their offerings. \"I had some dollars with me and I decided to pay it as offering, while playing obeisance to the Goddess,\" said Harry Sharma, a resident of Sector 6, Panchkula.\"My cousin who hails from England had come to attend a wedding here. As his visit was during Navaratras, we took him to Mansa Devi temple so that even he could pay obeisance to the goddess.Here he paid dollars as offerings,\" said Rahul Mishra, a resident of Sector 4, Panchkula.He added, \"By offering a dollar it feels that at least this time we had something different to offer to the goddess.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12500047", "title": "Accused can seek further probe: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The accused person can ask a trial court for a further investigation into a case, the Madras high court has said.The case relates to a complaint filed by V Shivakumar with the Central Crime Branch. He charged Ravi Kapoor with committing various offences, including cheating . Following a request from Kapoor, the chief metropolitan magistrate in Egmore directed the police to conduct a further investigation into the case in November 2008. Shivakumar filed the present petition saying that once the chargesheet was filed there was no scope for ordering further investigation.Kapoor's counsel submitted the trial court's order for an investigation based on a request from the accused was not a new concept. Even the Supreme Court had upheld investigations ordered by trial courts. Satisfied with the submissions, Justice C T Selvam said that a further investigation would serve the ends of justice and dismissed Shivakumar's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499109", "title": "Organisations join hands for conducting national survey on House Sparrows", "text": "PUNE: Population decline of the House Sparrow has led various nature and conservation organizations from across the country to document and compare the distribution of sparrows down the years. This would be done in association with the Bombay Natural History Society.An online survey called 'Citizen Sparrow' (www.citizensparrow.in) has been launched on April 1 for the same. Citizens with information about House Sparrows are encouraged to participate in the survey. Absence of sparrows in any place would be of particular interest, the organizations say.City-based organization Kalpavriksh, Chiplun-base NGO Maharashtra Pakshi Mitra, Aaranyak, Bird Conservation Society, Birdwatchers' Society of Andhra Pradesh , Foundation for Ecological Research, Advocacy and Learning, Indian Bird Conservation Network, Madras Crocodile Bank Trust, National Centre for Biological Sciences and Nature Conservation Foundation are collaborating in this national survey.Raju Kasambe, head Important Bird Areas Programme of BNHS and coordinator Indian Bird Conservation Network, said there is an urgent need to understand the status of the House Sparrow. Only a citizen science programme with mass participation can help in collecting information about it on a pan-India scale.Suhel Quader of the Nature Conservation Foundation said, \"Almost everyone knows about House Sparrows, so there is a vast store of information available. We are trying to document this information. In addition, we see this as a way to reach out to people from all walks of life -- asking them to share their stories and their understanding about these birds.\"Asad Rahmani, director BNHS, said, \"We are trying to generate good information on an all-India level and involve citizens in conservation issues. The House Sparrow can become an example of the conservation problems faced by other species.\"The project will run for two months. All information collected will remain in the public domain for anyone to access and use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499110", "title": "2 kids die, four injured in house fire", "text": "BHOPAL: Two children were killed and four other members of a family sustained burn injuries after their house was gutted in a fire on Sunday at Sarnagaon area in Chhindwara district of Madhya Pradesh , police said.The deceased have been identified as Udit Vishwakarma ,4, and Vaishali,6. Udit's father Pawan and three other victims - are hospitalized in a private hospital at Nagpur in neighbouring Maharashtra with critical burns. One person who sustained minor injuries is undergoing treatment at the district hospital, police added.Police said initial investigations revealed that the fire appeared to have spread from the puja area where a lamp was lit and spread to a can that stored petrol and the LPG cylinder. The house was reduced to ashes before the fire tenders rushed to the spot, under Kundipura police station area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501572", "title": "Vijay gets a new set of fans", "text": "It was reported already that the Vijay starrer Thuppaki is being shot in some public places in Mumbai. AR Murugadoss wanted some real locations instead of the sets and has obtained permission from the authorities concerned to film in some real locations.At these locations, some great stunt sequences are being filmed. Interestingly, Vijay is doing all these stunts without opting for a dupe. Sources say that the Ilayathalapathy wanted a real-effect since the director has taken so much of pains for the shooting.People in Mumbai, who have been seeing the filming of these stunt sequences, are awed by Vijay's caliber. The star has clearly emerged a hit favorite among the Mumbaikers, say sources in the tinsel town.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499332", "title": "Govt moots farmers' cooperatives", "text": "PATNA: Under the second agriculture road map for development, the state government is contemplating to motivate farmers to set up fruit and vegetable cooperatives and federations on the pattern of Cooperative Milk Producers Federation (COMPFED) for improving production, preservation and marketing of fruits, vegetables and related processed products.COMPFED was designed on the pattern of Amul Milk Cooperative Federation, Anand, bringing in white revolution (milk) in the state.There has been a great demand from farmers and food processing entrepreneurs for adequate cold storage facilities and creation of cold chain to preserve fruits and vegetables for supply in the market as well as to store them for using in food processing industries. As fruits and vegetables are perishable items, farmers incur heavy losses in the absence of cold chains.In this backdrop, the idea of fruits and vegetable cooperative federations was incorporated in the agenda of the second agriculture road map to get optimum output from the large-scale production of fruits and vegetables in Bihar.Development-cum-agriculture production commissioner, A K Sinha, on Sunday, said on the pattern of COMPFED, associations and cooperative societies of fruits and vegetable farmers would be formed and they would together form cooperative federations, which will motivate them to improve their production. There would be sufficient cold storage facilities to preserve fruits and vegetables, he said.Sinha said federations may be formed by the cooperative societies of different categories of fruit and vegetable farmers to get the maximum output of their farm produce through a marketing chain in which fruits and vegetables would be well preserved. This would lead to opening of more food processing industries for which the industry department provides subsidies to the entrepreneurs under Bihar Industrial Incentive Policy, 2011, he said.Litchi is a highly perishable fruit. So, a separate federation of cooperatives of litchi-growing farmers may be needed. This will increase the use of litchi in food processing industries and take them to distant markets in perfect condition, he said.Sinha said with the collaboration of an Israeli firm, a centre of excellence for horticulture will be established in north Bihar with the support of Union government. The location of the centre is yet to be decided, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12497664", "title": "Parents won\u2019t get custody of Noida maid till probe is over", "text": "NOIDA: Two days after an 11-year-old maid was rescued by police from a locked apartment in Greater Noida, Child Welfare Committee (CWC) denied the custody of the girl to her parents who reached the city on Sunday. Officials said the girl would not be handed over to her parents till the labour department finishes preliminary investigation.CWC officials said they were investigating whether the family of the accused was pressuring the victim's family into withdrawing the case. \"A decision will be made when the probe gets over and we can ensure what is in the girl's best interest,\" said a CWC official.The girl, originally from Nepal, had been brought to Greater Noida last year by her employers, Preeti and Abhimanyu Singh, from Jaipur where the maid's family had settled a decade ago, police said. Abhimanyu worked as a sports instructor in Ahmedabad while Preeti stayed in Eldeco Green Society in Greater Noida with her two children.The girl explained that her tortuous life began a month into her new job. \"She (Preeti) scolded me constantly. I was reprimanded and frequently beaten even for small mistakes,\" she said. The girl said her employers forced her to work for nearly 19-20 hours every day.\"I would be woken up at 7am and work past midnight. At times, I had to stay awake till all the household chores were done and every dish washed. It was only then that I was allowed to sleep. I was often starved,\" she said.Deputy SP Atul Srivastava said when the girl was rescued she had scratches all over her body, especially on the face and neck, and was probably hit by a blunt object on the head. \"I was hit on the head by Preeti with a rolling pin and I was hurt badly. There was blood everywhere,\" the girl said. She told CWC that she was frequently locked inside the house or the car when the family went out with no regard to her safety.The girl has been handed over to Childline, a district-level committee under the Union ministry of women and child development, which has sent her to a children's home in the city. \"The problem with children's welfare is that though all the measures are in place, such incidents continue to happen. There is a great deal of inactivity with these measures that needs to be addressed,\" said Mala Bhandari of Childline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499230", "title": "Parents spending big money on baby products", "text": "PUNE: Some newborns have parents who want to give them the very best. Price doesn't matter for these parents as they shower fancy cribs, prams, car seats and even flavoured toothpaste, designer clothes and waterproof breathable mattress covers on their babies.\"Parents like exclusive stuff for their babies. We even have eco-friendly clay tiles where the little one can leave a hand or footprint which the parents treasure,\" said floor manager Neha Srivastav of a baby lifestyle store at Vimannagar.Savita Parandekar, a soon-to-be grandmother, was aghast at the price tag of Rs 9,000 that her daughter Swati Narayan wanted to spend on a pram. \"I want the best for my baby. If I can afford the pram, why shouldn't I buy it?\" said Narayan. The high-end prams have an umbrella, a sunscreen cover, cushions and various pockets to keep baby stuff.The old saree hammock for the baby to sleep in has made way for baby swings with umbrellas and sunscreen cover at Rs 10,000 a piece. Parandekar remembers her days when anyone in the family or known circle of friends or relatives, who was expecting a baby, got prams and cribs that were mostly hand-me-downs, as were baby clothes. \"I used the crib that my elder sister passed on to me, and then I gave it to my sister-in-law,\" she said.When Mansi Rao wanted a crib, she went online for the perfect one. \"We were abroad for some years and I have seen some really beautiful cribs. So when I needed one, I decided to search online. I found one, but it burned a hole in my pocket,\" she said.Then there is apple-flavoured toothpaste and the latest spring-summer collection from a leading designer label with the baby's initials embossed. Doting parents don't think much about the Rs 2,500 to Rs 12,500 price tag.Skincare for babies has several brands of moisturisers, shampoos in apple, melon and caramel flavours, sesame and olive massage oil, hair oil, sunscreen, powder and skin soothers.Parents also want organic products for their babies. From organic handkerchiefs and bath towels, to food products and diapers, the little ones are keeping with changing times.Paediatrician Sanjay Potdar counsels caution. \"One should use such products only after a specific data has been presented regarding their value. It needs proper scientific back-up,\" he said.As for organic food, paediatrician Neeta Hanumante said babies in the West are put on such food from a very early age. \"I would always recommend home-made food,\" she said.Parents also put up baby monitors which come in two sets, one to be placed near the baby and the other with the parent. The moment you switch on your device you can hear the baby. It helps the mother carry on with regular chores without keeping a constant vigil near the crib.Many working parents want mobile toys that can be hung on the crib. They are musical with moving figures to lull the baby to sleep and are priced between Rs 3,000 and Rs 7,000. A fast-selling item is the playgym, which has a cushioned mattress and colourful toys hanging overhead from a foam frame.\"Parents spend up to Rs 10,000 for a playgym. Most parents also want a rocker cum slider. It is a rocking chair that can also be used as a high chair. It has a slide attached so that the baby can play. It is compact and can fit into a nursery,\" said Nawaz Inamdar, store manager at a baby lifestyle store at Moledina Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12501768", "title": "Bogus donors add 100 kg gold to Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams kitty", "text": "TIRUPATI: Whose gold is it any way? That's the million dollar question doing the rounds here. The TTD found itself in a piquant situation after having discovered that some of those who donated gold for the fantasy gold plating 'Ananda Nilayam-Anantha Swarnamayam' project turned out to be bogus. After the Supreme Court stayed the project last year, TTD started sending out letters to donors asking whether they intended to take back the gold or wanted to use it for other schemes of TTD. But to its shock, TTD found that some of the addresses of the donors were non-existent . \"We were perplexed as in some cases, the addresses were fictitious though gold was donated in their names,\" a senior TTD official said.The TTD is in a fix about what to do with the gold of the bogus donors. Till now, over 100 kg of gold has landed in TTD kitty for the gold plating project. Chief accounts officer O Balaji says most of the donors don't want their gold back.The gold is in the safe custody of Bokkasam (treasury). Following a petition by Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy , the Supreme Court last year ruled that no further work could be taken up till further orders. Former TTD chairman D K Adikesavulu Naidu (DK), the brain behind the controversial project, filed a petition in the Supreme Court in February 2011 appealing it to direct the temple authorities to continue the project. This was after the AP High Court stayed the gold plating works as it could pose a serious threat to the centuries-old inscriptions and weaken the Tirumala temple structure. Even the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) told the high court that the proposed gold plating of the walls of the temple could damage the inscriptions which should be preserved for posterity.As soon as he took over as chairman in August 2008, DK proposed the project, got it ratified by the TTD. DK's argument was that unless the temple was plated with gold, pilgrims would stop coming to Tirumala and go to Vellore Sripuram Sri Mahalakshmi golden temple which is covered in layers of gold. Insiders in the temple say DK believed that gold cover would enhance the 'glory' of the temple like the Golden Temple of Amritsar. Estimated to cost Rs 100 crore and requiring over 200 kg of gold, the project was formally launched in October 2008. He also saw himself as a modern day Krishnadeva Raya, the 16century Vijayanagara emperor who had first begun the process of gold plating that did not progress much.Despite objections from archaeologists , heritage conservationists and board members, DK was hell bent upon his 'dream' project. During a visit in March 2010, Kingfisher Airlines chief Vijay Mallya (and close to DK) had said he would donate Rs 6 crore for gold coating the doorframes in the sanctum sanctorum. MVS Ananthakrishnan , top financier close to Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa, who got the works done on Bangaru Vakili (main door of Dwarapalaka) by bringing skilled workers from TN, was also keen to turn Tirumala into Golden Temple of the south. Chief priest A V Ramana Deekshitulu , had however expressed serious concern that the gold plating would permanently obscure invaluable inscriptions dating from 10th to 18th century, which are mostly in Tamil, apart from Telugu and Devanagari. \"They throw light on social aspects and traditions of the Cholas , Pallavas and Vijayanagara kings,\" points out Kirankrant Chowdary of SV University. There are 640 ancient inscriptions on the temple walls.Retired TTD chief engineer V Anjaneyulu Naidu observes the copper and gold framework would harm the structural stability of the temple. \"It would be a disaster if the project is allowed to proceed,\" says social activist B K Srinivasa Ramanuja Ayyangar, one of the first persons to raise objections to the project. \"If we begin gold-plating monuments, our historical heritage will be destroyed forever,\" he warns.(This is seventh in a series of reports on the affairs of Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala)Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordIs Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Corruption is a way of life in Tirupati Tirumala DevasthanamsTirumala wakes up to luxury pad cultureRecord collection of Rs 5.73 crore at Tirumala", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12499548", "title": "Two workers injured in blast die", "text": "MADURAI: Two workers who sustained serious burn injuries in a blast at a fireworks unit in Sankarapandiapuram near Sattur succumbed to the injuries at a private hospital here on Sunday morning. The fire accident occurred in the unit on March 27 when the workers, R Perumalsamy (45) from Kullagoundanpatti and K Veeturaja (28) from Kannakudumbanpatti, were involved in ferrying a chemical mixer to the rooms in a pushcart after work started in the unit.When they were unloading the chemical mixer in a room, the friction due to unloading caused the blast. The workers were engulfed in the fire and sustained serious burns. They were rushed to the Sivakasi Government Hospital for first aid and later to a private hospital in Madurai. The workers were kept in Emergency Care and their condition was termed \"very critical\" by the hospital. Both succumbed to injuries on Sunday morning, not responding to treatment, hospital sources said. Police sources said the bodies were handed over to relatives. Foreman of the unit R Thangamariappan (37) from Servaikaranpatti was arrested by the Elayirampannai police on March 28, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503094", "title": "I want to be remembered as an actor: Sumit Kaul", "text": "He has been in the glam industry for not too long, but he already has donned various caps from being a television star, to a voice over artist and now movies.He appeared in the recently released film Bumboo alongside Kavin Dave in a comedy that has Sumit Kaul all excited as he shares his thoughts with us saying he always wanted to be an actor and this is just the kind of thing he was looking for.On being asked about his acting dreams he says, \"I always wanted to be an actor, and I want to be remembered as an actor.\" And what kind of roles he is looking for now that he has made his entry into the big world of Bollywood? He says, \"I am open to doing everything as long as it poses a challenge to me. You cannot afford to be rigid as an actor restricting yourself to a certain kinds of roles. I have done television as well, so I won't mind doing more television, neither will I keep any restrictions on my movies either.\"And what is his mantra for success? He is quick to respond. He says, \"I think it's about your attitude and not luck. If you have the right attitude success will follow automatically.\"We say, the right attitude works, but only followed by hard work, which seems missing in the mantra. But all good wishes with him.#", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12498947", "title": "Auto rickshaws' strike today", "text": "INDORE: To raise their demand for suitable location for auto stands in colonies and malls, permit to registered auto rickshaws and curb on police atrocities, auto rickshaws will not ply on the city roads from 3 pm on Monday.The auto rickshaw union members will take out a rally from Gandhi Hall to Collectorate from 12 pm to 3 pm. They will meet at Gandhi Hall and will leave for Collectorate at 1 pm to submit a memorandum.The auto rickshaw drivers also decided to establish an organization to consolidate their demands. Rajesh Bidkar, a member of the union, said, \"We want that our demands are met and people feel comfortable while commuting in autos. We will submit memorandum to the collector. Autos will not ply for three hours on Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12500131", "title": "H1N1 death: Hospitals on high alert", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai corporation officials on Sunday continued their hunt for two patients who tested positive for H1N1 virus a day earlier but could not be traced after their addresses were found to be incorrect.The search acquired increased urgency after a 75-yearold man died of the infection in Tirupur district on Saturday, the first reported swine flu death in the state in more than ayear and a half.The civic body also put private doctors on high alert for symptoms of the infection especially if accompanied by other health complications. Civic body officials began looking for the two missing patients in private hospitals too, apprehensive that they may pass on the infection to other people.\"We can now only confirm that these patients have not been admitted to any major government hospital or any of the primary health centres across north Chennai,\" said city additional health officer G TThangarajan.The corporation launched a search for the patients on Saturday after officials of the civic body discovered that the addresses in the Stanley Medical College &amp; Hospital registry were found to be fake. Only one of the patients had a cellphone but it was switched off. The samples were drawn from the patients who are believed to be around 10 years old at the outpatient ward of Stanley Medical College on March 28. Though officials insist that they have notified all private hospitals and clinics to be alert to symptoms, a few private doctors in the city said they haven't received a specific notification from through email or paper.\"We test patients if they require hospitalization due to unabated high fever. It is not an epidemic as yet, but we have to be alert,\" said Ram Gopalakrishnan , an infectious diseases specialist at Apollo Hospitals.\"Around 98% of H1N1 infections can be treated, especially if the patients are young and healthy. Hospitalization is required only for patients with other complications like blood pressure or organ failure,\" Gopalakrishnan said.Doctors mainly check for the virus in children under five, pregnant women and obese patients , who are most vulnerable to the disease. \"They are most likely to contract the virus easily , but have lesser resistance,\" the doctor said.Union health department statistics in January 2010 show, 71% of recorded H1N1 deaths in the country were of patients between 13 and 45. The Chennai corporation has stocked up on Tamiflu (the antiretroviral drug oseltamivir) to treat patients in case of an outbreak of the contagion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498778", "title": "FIR lodged against realty firm directors", "text": "GURGAON: Acting on a city court order, the Badshapur police registered a case of fraud and conspiracy against two directors a realty company, Bestech.According to the police, one Omparkash, a resident of Park View City on Sohna Road, had lodged a complaint in a city court, in which he alleged that the company had entered into an agreement with him in 2004 for a project for which the firm had brought 38-acre piece of land near Badshapur. According to the agreement, 20% share in the land belonged to Omparaksh.According to the complainant, the company's directors, Sunil Satija and Rajendra Bhandari, had taken Rs 13 crore from him as his share and brought the land. Omprakash alleged the directors neither returned the amount nor gave him a share in the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499030", "title": "Heart patient dies of H1N1; toll reaches 10", "text": "PUNE: A middle-aged man from Kondhwa died of swine flu on Sunday, taking the death toll in Pune district to 10 since March 14 this year. The death will, however, be enumerated as the first swine flu casualty in the current financial year 2012-13, the health official said.Sheshrao Shrinivas Pille, 50, was in the isolation intensive care unit of KEM hospital since March 29.\"Pille had serious co-morbid conditions. He had tested positive on Saturday and he died at 6.44 am on Sunday,\" said a health official of the Pune Municipal Corporation.This is the seventh swine flu death in PMC limits since the virus resurfaced last month.The neighbouring Pimpri Chinchwad has reported three deaths so far. \"However, since the financial year 2011-12 ended on March 31. We will consider this death as first swine flu death for the period 2012-13,\" officials said.\"Besides being a diabetic, Pille also suffered from myocardial infraction commonly known as a heart attack. He had tripple vessel disease denoting significant blockages in three coronary arteries. He needed a bypass surgery,\" said state epidemiologist Pradeep Awate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504621", "title": "Documentary on hockey wins national award", "text": "After Chak De that won the National Award another film based on hockey ' And We Play On' has also been selected for the award.The documentary has been conferred the Golden Lotus award in the non feature film categoryLargely shot in Varanasi the film tells, the tale of of life of ex- Olympic hockey player Vivek Singh from Varanasi who succumbed to cancer and a hockey academy run by his father Gaurishankar Singh in his memory which is grappling with the grass root problems of training aspirants in the game .Though the film revolves around the late player and his family of sportspersons but it also addresses a larger issue of hockey.\"It is a known fact that sports other than cricket is neglected in our country but so is our love affair with our national game which continues. Sports in India is unthinkable without hockey which has a rich history so we decided to make this documentary on this sport,\" says Rahul Singh also an ex- hockey Olympian and brother of late Vivek Singh, who provided the concept for the documentary.\" Pramod Purswane , writer, director and producer of the documentary approached me to play the role of a hockey coach in a film which he was planning to make since he knew that I had trained all the actors of Chak De in the game in order to bring more authenticity to their act in the film.When I saw the script which revolved around the life of a hockey player so I suggested him to make a film on my late brother and my father's attempt to keep his memory alive through a hockey academy , he was really touched by the story and decided to accompany me to Varanasi for the film,\" adds Rahul who is currently posted in the customs department in Mumbai and is assistant coach of Pune Strikers\"When the people from the hockey fraternity heard about a film being made on Vivek so his peers and important stars like Jokhim Carvalho, Dhanraj Pillay, Mohd. Shahid, M.M. Somaiya, Harinder Singh, Gundeep Singh, International Coach Cedric D'Souza, RameshPillay, Gavin Ferreira, Clarence Lobo, Syed Ali, Shailendra also gave their important inputs in the documentary,\" says the ex-player.While the director says that, \"I am happy that the documentary base on hockey is so well recognised but documentary and short film as a genre still needs to be encouraged as an art form for expression of the youth's belief system, social and individualist stand on various matters that touch us,\" says Pramod", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12501596", "title": "What BlackBerry loyalists love", "text": "NEW YORK: For BlackBerry fans, these are dark days. Research In Motion Ltd is losing market share to Google Inc and Apple Inc. New Chief Executive Officer Thorsten Heins has even said he would consider a sale or partnership. That has BlackBerry fans fretting over their favorite phone's future.\"As long as I stay involved in this type of job, I'll need a BlackBerry,\" said John Yester, who has been a firefighter outside of Pittsburgh for the past 15 years.Yester, 31, started using his BlackBerry's instant messaging service three years ago to coordinate with fellow firefighters when responding to emergencies. He likes that it's fast, with a notification system, and easy, with a physical keyboard.\"BlackBerry is reliable in my line of work, especially with the dispatch center and in any emergency,\" Yester said. \"I tried Android last year and the email capabilities were actually very frustrating. I switched back.\"BlackBerry phones aren't likely to go the way of the Palm Treo, Kodachrome film, or Saab cars anytime too soon.Fortunately for RIM, there are 75 million others out there like Yester, including U.S. President Barack Obama and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.Growth overseasWhile Waterloo, Ontario-based BlackBerry has lost its top spot in Canada and U.S. to the iPhone, it continues to grow in emerging markets. The company still has seen its stock slide 74 percent in 12 months, and the challenge for CEO Heins is to recover the magic in North America before it's too late.Kevin Michaluk, who founded fan site Crackberry.com after \"crackberry\" became Webster's 2006 word of the year, says traffic has stayed level as international users replace those in the U.S. RIM outshipped Apple by a margin of more than 3-to-1 in the Middle East and Africa last year and BlackBerry outsold iPhone in Latin America 5-to-1, according to research firm IDC.Michaluk said he likes that a BlackBerry allows him to be more efficient, by emphasizing fast messaging, as opposed to helping him waste time with games.\"People's priorities are so messed up because if they actually knew the BlackBerry experience and how much faster it is, they wouldn't use the other phones,\" he said.BlackBerry CallusesThat's all that Michael Hayes , a 32-year-old investor, says he needs. As he works from home in Tampa, Florida, he can step outside and run errands, staying connected to work to the extent that he has calluses on the hand where his phone sits. His girlfriend makes fun of him.\"I don't use my phone to play Draw Something or Angry Birds or anything,\" he said, referring to the games that take advantage of touch screens on iPhone and Android phones. \"If I'm doing something, it's pretty important.\"Some customers are hanging on for BlackBerry Messenger, a system that comes loaded on the devices which allows any two people to communicate instantly for free. Clyde Berry, a 45- year-old music producer in Fall River, Massachusetts, uses the service to communicate with all his clients. You couldn't pay him to give up his 2007 BlackBerry Curve in exchange for a new iPhone, he said.\"I'm able to keep in contact faster with clients, and we can actually have real conversation,\" said Berry, who describes himself as a \"crackberry addict\" in his Twitter profile. \"I also use the password protector a lot and keep a lot of personal and confidential information.\"Mobile romanceBlackBerry continues to thrive overseas. In Saudi Arabia , teenagers have embraced RIM because they can flirt using its encrypted and free BlackBerry Messenger, which allows them to avoid local religious police who restrict interaction between unmarried men and women.In Venezuela , where the device is ubiquitous on the streets of Caracas, President Chavez has dubbed his BlackBerry and Twitter account his \"secret weapon.\"RIM is also popular in Indonesia , where the company is planning to add 4,000 retail stores, kiosks and other outlets to keep up with demand. Rioting broke out at a November event in Jakarta , sending 10 people to the hospital, when a promotion for RIM's latest BlackBerry Bold phone ran out of devices.RIM could still make a comeback in the U.S. market, its loyal fans insist, especially with the planned release later this year of BlackBerry 10, a new feature-rich operating system.\"BlackBerry has a strong brand,\" Michaluk said. \"America loves a comeback story. And if RIM can pull together the BlackBerry 10 story, people will buy it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498456", "title": "CBI's lookout notice against Rishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after naming him in an FIR on alleged irregularities in purchase of Tatra trucks for the Army, the Central Bureau of Investigation on Sunday issued a lookout notice to prevent NRI businessman Ravi Rishi, owner of Britain-based Vectra group, from leaving the country.CBI sources said all airports and border check points have been alerted about Rishi and his passport confiscated. His company supplied Tatra trucks to the Army through the public sector undertaking, Bharat Earth Movers Ltd, which assembled the vehicles in Bangalore. The FIR also refers to unknown defence officials and BEML authorities.The London-based Rishi has been reportedly asked to join investigations on Monday again, after being questioned twice in the case.Sources in the agency said files related to the Tatra deals since 1997 have been procured from the defence ministry and are being studied. More FIRs may be filed after this exercise, sources said. \"As per our information, there were reports of some complaints related to the Tatra deal in 1998 as well. We will look into those complaints as well,\" said a source.The sale of 7,000 trucks to the Army by Vectra is being formally investigated by CBI after Army Chief V K Singh's allegation that he was offered a bribe six months after he took office in 2010. The CBI also raided Tatra offices in Bangalore and Delhi on Friday.General V K Singh formally named retired Lt General Tejinder Singh as the one who had offered the bribe, in his complaint to the CBI on Friday. He had earlier claimed that a lobbyist, who had \"just retired\", offered him a bribe for clearing \"sub-standard\" vehicles and he had informed the defence minister about it. The ministry had then recommended a CBI probe into the allegation made by the Army chief.The CBI has now started examining the complaint and may also question Tejinder Singh, who has refuted the allegations and filed a defamation case against the Army chief and other officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "12498724", "title": "The belle who makes people dance with her", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: When 12-year-old Puniya Khanna of Kitchlu Nagar puts on her dancing shoes, the audience go crazy. Daughter of businessman Vicky Khanna and Pallavi, a homemaker, Puniya started dancing when she was just three years old. ''I was in nursery when I performed for the first time on stage and everybody applauded me. I observe actresses dancing on television and then practice. I enjoy peppy Bollywood songs and fast English tracks,'' she said.Puniya's talent got a major boost when she won the second runner up prize in a competition organized by Malhar Art gallery in 2007. ''November 2011 brought another achievement and I won the runner up prize in Chance for Dance competition. The best part was that choreographer Saroj Khan, who was the judge, praised my steps on the song 'Mera piya ghar aaya','' she said.Her father shared that Puniya has not taken any formal training from a dance school. ''But she has been making us proud with her talent. We will help her add more achievements to her kitty. We are also thinking about enrolling her in a dance school,'' said Pallavi.Ruchi Kamboj, a dance teacher at DAV Public School where Puniya studies, is also all praise for Puniya's talent. ''Her expression and body language during dance are amazing. She is one of the best dancers we have at school,'' she said.Puniya is hardly ready to sit still yet. Her future plans include performing in Dance India Dance and Just. ''I am working hard for it. I am also trying to learn classical dance,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12497716", "title": "Karpagam University caught in plagiarism scandal", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two major universities in the city have locked horns with each other after a research paper published by one of them more than two years ago figured in an international scientific journal bearing the credentials of a research student and an associate professor from the other university.The issue came to the light when a research paper originally published from Amrita University appeared in the International Journal of Advances in Engineering and Technology in January 2012 bearing the credentials of the two member research team from Karpagam University in Coimbatore.A three member team comprising Dr Maneesha V Ramesh, head of Amrita Centre for Wireless Networks and applications, P Venkat Rangan, the VC of Amrita University and Sangeeth Kumar, a research scholar had conducted the original research and published the results as part of a European Commission-funded project that began in 2006 and was completed by 2009.Amrita University has now issued a legal notice to Karpagam University and its VC demanding an apology and withdrawal of the plagiarised version on February 24, 2012. Though the student and his mentor have tendered an apology, University VC is yet to respond to the notice. \"The plagiarised paper was presented at numerous international venues. The Karpagam University VC has not yet officially responded to the legal notice,\" said Dr P Venkat Rangan, VC, Amrita University.The paper was submitted by Romen Kumar, a research scholar of Karpagam University under the supervision of Dr M Hemalatha from the department of software systems of the university. The legal notice issued by Amrita University also pointed out that the entire paper was reproduced without making any major alterations to the original text. \"We have terminated the research scholar and will also initiate action against his mentor. The paper has been withdrawn from the journal and we have apologised to the journal as well as Amrita University faculty members. We were not aware about the incident until it was brought to our notice,\" said K Ramasamy, VC, Karpagam University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12497438", "title": "GRP identifies three dangerous railway poles on Western line", "text": "The GRP has identified three poles on the Western line that can knock down commuters who hang out of local trains. GRP officers said they had written to the railways to move these poles away.\"The first pole is between Khar and Bandra stations, the second below the Elphinstone Road bridge and the third at Charni Road,\" DCP Ankush Shinde said. GRP officers said moving the pole that is below the Elphinstone Road bridge would be tough.\"Another issue is that trains take a sharp turn near the level crossing in Bandra. The jerk caused can lead to commuters standing on footboards losing their balance. We have asked the railways to reduce the speed of trains at this location,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar of the Bandra GRP.Youngsters resorting to stunts on the footboard of locals have also been knocked down by poles in the past. On January 3 this year, 19-year-old youth Hitesh Jha died between Elphinstone and Lower Parel stations. Jha was waving at women commuters in a parallel train and attempting to perform stunts when he failed to spot a pillar and hit his head against it. \"Our team has to be careful while attempting to catch youths performing stunts red-handed, as they could climb on the roof in an attempt to escape and get singed instead,\" Dhopavkar added.When contacted, WR officials said none of the poles were close to the tracks. \"Only if a commuter hangs out precariously below the Elphinstone bridge, would there be chances of getting hurt. We make regular announcements on platforms to educate people against boarding and alighting from moving trains or taking out any body part from the compartment while the train is in motion. We have also added 36 suburban services from March 27,\" a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503987", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha to play Akshay's love intrest", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha played a village belle in Dabangg. In her next two films Rowdy Rathore and Joker, she plays similar characters.For the first time, she will play a gangster's moll in her most recent project, Ekta Kapoor's Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Again, the sequel to Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai. It will be her third film with Akshay Kumar , who plays Shoaib (modelled on underworld don Dawood Ibrahim ). Sonakshi's character Yasmin is said to be based on the life of '80s actress Mandakini .Sona will be seen as Shoaib's love interest. Imran Khan will be seen as Aslam who is drawn into Shoaib's activities and utimately forms the third angle to the love triangle. Sonakshi says, \"While listening to a script, I place myself in the character while listening to the story. If I can't picture myself in the role I don't do it. This character goes through an interesting transformation - from a young, innocent girl who aspires to be an actress to someone whose life changes after she falls in love with a gangster. It's based in the 1980s and will be interesting to get into a character during that time.\"Talking about her third film on the trot with Akshay, Sonakshi says, \"It's my third film with him. I think we share very good on-screen chemistry which is why people keep casting us together. He's a very good co-star and fun on the sets. He has got a great sense of humour and is very grounded despite his superstar status.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497324", "title": "Viramgam gangrape: Fourth accused arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Viramgam police investigating gangrape of 14-year-old girl arrested the fourth accused on Sunday. Police have collected biological samples and sent it to the forensic science laboratory (FSL) to gather corroborative evidence. The police claimed that a watertight case has been framed against the four so that they can be punished severely for the crime. Police also claimed to have learned new facts in the case.DSP R C Pathak, Viramgam division, told TOI that police arrested three accused Yusuf Mandal, his brother Saddam and his friend Mehboob Sindhi even before registering complaint. \"On Sunday, we arrested Irshad Sipahi, completing all the chain. We have taken their body fluids and have collected the clothes they had worn on that day. We are yet to recover the auto and the knife used to threaten her,\" he said.Superintendent of police, Ahmedabad rural, Rajiv Ranjan Bhagat said that they have taken the incident very seriously and have instructed to charge the accused with abduction and rape of minor where they can be punished up to capital punishment. On Saturday, a large crowd had gathered outside Viramgam police station when the news of capture of three rape accused spread in the village. Police had hard time saving the accused from the mob. members of public and had deployed additional persons in the town to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499311", "title": "Ministers feel the heat of NDA MLAs", "text": "PATNA: If the questions asked during the question hour of the state assembly's ongoing budget session is any indication, the ruling NDA MLAs have begun to feel the pressure of performing. They seem to have taken over the opposition's role in fielding queries. The session, incidentally, will adjourn sine die this week.The ministers who faced the brunt of supplementary questions raised by JD (U)-BJP MLAs, coupled with occasional interventions from the leader of Opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui, were cane development minister Awadhesh Prasad Kushwaha, mines and geology minister Satyadeo Narayan Arya, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak, and health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey.The ruling combine lawmakers' orchestrated demands for high-level inquiry into matters related to these departments made Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary, who is usually accommodative of government's stance, concede their demands in quite a few cases.Leaders of the ruling combine say, off record, that a change in their role has come about because the opposition's strength in the House has been hopelessly depleted - the ruling combine with 209 MLAs accounts for around 85% of the total 243 MLAs. The main opposition party, RJD, has just 22 members - less than 10% of the assembly's strength.Parliamentary affairs minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, however, has a different take on it: \"It is the right of MLAs, be they of the opposition or of the ruling party, to raise questions of public importance. There is no contradiction in their asking questions. The distinction of 'opposition' or 'ruling' party comes into picture only when there is voting in the House on any matter.\"Given the situation, Siddiqui maintained with a tinge of irony, \"We (read RJD) have changed our tactics on the floor of the House. If we vociferously support MLAs of the ruling alliance during a minister's (read government's) replies to their questions, then these MLAs will become defensive, and stop putting forward their points of view on different matters. They will not like to give space to the opposition. That's why, you find our MLAs maintaining safe silence. It is tactical. I intervene during supplementary questions where I feel it is absolutely necessary, or when I feel that the government is deflecting the matter.\"As it is, during the ongoing session, the ruling combine MLAs mostly asked questions related to departments such as police and home, energy, institutional finance, land reforms (with respect to homestead land for Mahadalit sections), sugarcane, industry, mines and geology, food and consumer protection, and health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497953", "title": "State electricity distribution company runs out of gas for Dabhol plant", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) may face problems in power availability this fiscal as a sharp decline in generation is expected at Dabhol power plant due to the forecast of a sharp fall in domestic production of gas in 2012-13.Dabhol power plant has six gas turbines. Two turbines are coupled with a steam turbine, and the steam released from the first two drives the third, thus making production more efficient. If all the turbines work at full capacity, Dabhol can generate 1,900MW, which it had done for a few days in 2011. Presently, however, three gas turbines and one steam turbine are non-functional. As gas output falls further, supply will reduce proportionately.The NTPC's gas plants will also face problems. Mahagenco too will have to drop its plans for expansion of Uran gas plant. Dabhol was to be fully operational in 2012-13. However, it is not likely to generate more than 300 to 400MW. The difference of 1,500MW will have to be met from coal-fired plants.A senior MSEDCL official said that while the company had started scouting for power as it is well aware of the Dabhol problem, there might be some problems and private players may hike prices to take advantage of the shortage.The domestic gas production was 42.67mmscmd (million metric standard cubic metre per day) in 2011-12. The petroleum ministry has informed that production will fall sharply by 15.03 mmscmd - more than one third in 2012-13. There is no hope for the fiscal after that too, as production is expected to fall by another 3.42 mmscmd in 2013-14.Dabhol requires 8.5 mmscmd to run at full capacity. It's only source of supply is Reliance, since imported gas from Oman became unaffordable in 2008.Till 2007 and 2008, it was projected that domestic gas production will increase in 2012-13 and 2013-14. The Krishna-Godavari basin gasfield of Reliance has production of capacity of 80 mmscmd. However, it was producing only 35 mmscmd in 2011 end, against the target of 62 mmscmd.The government is taking action against Reliance for such a drastic drop in production, but the company has predicted further fall in output. International gas has become increasingly unaffordable due to sharp increase in price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12499141", "title": "Parents leave sick newborn at Goa medical college, flee", "text": "PANAJI: A two-day old baby was abandoned at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, by the parents two days after the mother delivered the child at the gynecology ward in the hospital.Agasaim police have registered a case against the parents under Section 317 of the Indian Penal Code for abandoning the child.GMC authorities said that the parents are from Karwar, Karnataka, and they had left the child, who is in a critical condition in the hospital, on Saturday night and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502173", "title": "Empowering Girls", "text": "In an effort to boost the campaign on the education of the girl child, a new initiative, Dare to Care, was launched by Unicef in partnership with the Delhi Daredevils. Virender Sehwag , captain, Delhi Daredevils, who has worked with Unicef on earlier campaigns such as polio and HIV, launched the initiative.Karin Hulshof, Unicef representative in India, said, \"With the Dare to Care campaign, we are looking forward to joining hands with the team and calling for boys and girls to transform India to a country that presents itself as a demographic dividend. Girls who get married before the legal age face a higher mortality risk. We want girls to be in school so that they can lead a healthier life and be empowered.\"Around 40% of adolescent girls aged between 14-17 years do not attend school, 40% girls in India marry before the legal age of 18 and around 56% of adolescent girls are anaemic.\"It is important for all of us to support the girl child - for her to be able to go to school, participate in the house and to raise her voice and take family decisions. In Western countries we see a lot of girls working in corporates. In India that is rare. It is our responsibility to give a chance to the girls. We will support the campaign in every possible way as this issue is close to our heart,\" said Sehwag.Elaborating on the plan of action, Clement Chauvet, chief corporate partnership, Unicef, said, \"We will use the players to send messages to the masses in different ways. For example, before a game, we will try and organise a field visit and an interaction between the players and girl children. Short videos by the Delhi Daredevils will emphasise on the need of girls to go to school and to get married only after they have crossed the legal age. We will also use Facebook as a tool to raise awareness and empower the girls. Messages will be showcased on the Delhi Daredevils website. Funds will be raised for the programme by keeping a certain percentage of the match tickets and other online auctions.\"All members of the Delhi Daredevils will show their support by sporting blue ribbons throughout the IPL matches as part of the Dare to Care initiative.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500051", "title": "At home in the world", "text": "Jonathan Long, new principal of Woodstock School, Mussoorie, talks to Aaditi Isaac on the emergence of international school education in IndiaWoodstock School (founded in 1854) is the first international school in India. How receptive has India become to providing international education?An increasing number of students have joined international schools in India in recent years, as parents see the benefits of an international school education. However, there are many different 'types' of international schools. Some international schools serve a largely expatriate community and focus on teaching a set national curriculum that provides access to tertiary education back in a particular home country. Other international schools have far more diverse student populations and offer opportunities for young people to graduate into a worldwide educational environment. The school has responded to the need for an international education that offers far more than a traditional academic curriculum . Our holistic approach to learning is an opportunity to specifically develop cross-cultural understanding , a global outlook, and an ability to build quality relationships with people from different backgrounds and nationalities. Woodstock may have been India's first international school but its understanding of internationalism has moved beyond the confines of strap-line , curriculum or aspiration.The model of international schools has become quite common in India. What is your view?Several international schools have sprung up across India in recent years, but one would question just how genuinely international some of these new schools are in character. By this, I mean do they have an international student and staff body, is their curriculum global and internationallyaccredited , do their students go on to study at international institutions , and is their governance international in its make-up ? Currently about 80% of our students go on to study at international universities, and we make sure we consistently fulfil these criterion to maintain the international character of the school.At Woodstock, we value the term global over the term international. Our aim is to prepare young people for tomorrow's world, not yesterday's .What is the profile of the school - faculty and students?Currently, about 40% of our students are Indian nationals, and the other 60% are from other countries around the world ranging from the US to UK, Germany to Japan, and Afghanistan to Australia. Our students represent about 30 different countries across the globe, and staff about 20 different nationalities.Can you elaborate on the different boards/examination systems followed by the school?We offer an international curriculum including the Advanced Placement (AP) and IGCSE, as well as the Indian marksheet and the US High School Diploma. This means our students have access to higher educational institutions around the world and in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501722", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan hurts his back", "text": "Abhishek Bachchan has been rather accident-prone of late. After breaking his finger on the sets of Bol Bachchan in Rajasthan, the actor has now hurt his back. The injury though not serious will keep the actor out of action for some time, thus affecting the schedule of the Rohit Shetty venture.The reason for Abhishek's back injury is not some dangerous stunt but the actor's rigorous exercise regime. \"Abhishek has been hitting the gym regularly for the past few weeks. He needs to get into shape for his role in Dhoom 3. A few days ago, he tore a muscle in his back while exercising. It's nothing major. However, he will now need to rest for a couple of weeks. This will in turn affect the schedule of Bol Bachchan,\" a source close to the actor told Mumbai Mirror.But like every dark cloud, this too has a silver lining. Abhishek, who has not been able to spend too much time with his new born daughter due to his choc-a-bloc calendars lately, will now have his chance. Abhishek remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502618", "title": "Neetu gets Aamir\u2019s trainer", "text": "Guess who is working on actor Neetu Chandra's body these days?Before you mind starts racing elsewhere, we'll tell you we are talking about Neetu's new fitness trainer. Well, it's none other celebrity trainer, Stayajit Chorasis, better known as Satya. Now, he is the one who got Aamir Khan , the perfectionist, to look the perfect guy in \"Ghajini\" after making him pump iron for 13 months, for four hours every day to get that sculpted look for the film.Neetu, who is a fitness freak herself, has now started training with Satya. \"I have started my worked with the great trainer Satya. He is the one who has trained the likes of Aamir Khan, Saif Ali Khan , Hrithik Roshan and others,\" the actress says.Satya is known to be a strict trainer, and now that Neetu is training under this man, she too swears by this fact. \"He killed me today (during the workout)....Wheeew,\" she says.Let's just wait and watch what Satya can do to Neetu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12499413", "title": "Khadim murdered, Rs 7 lakh jewellery looted", "text": "AJMER: A khadim preparing for the marriage of his daughter was murdered on Sunday in Daliwala Chowk of Khadim Mohalla in the dargah region and the culprits looted jewellery from his house.The body was recovered late in the evening as the family members went out to Sarwar during the day. Police detained a woman domestic help and were searching for the servant who went missing from the house.According to police, Ali Hussein (55) was preparing for the marriage of his daughter and the whole family was busy in buying things. \"Today all members went to Sarwar to invite relatives and also to offer prayers in the dargah there,\" police said. The body was recovered by one of the relatives and it was found that a sharp weapon was used to puncture Ali's head.Police detained Bano, a woman domestic help. Ornaments worth Rs 7 lakh were looted from the house. Deputy superintendent of police Vishnu Samtani rushed to the spot.\"We are investigating and questioning Bano,\" police said. So far, police have not recovered the weapon used in the murder and it was expected that a sword or a large knife was used. \"Ali was myopic and unable to see things clear even with spectacles\" a relative told police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499975", "title": "Man found dead in Vadapalani", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old man, Munusamy, was found dead in Vadapalani on Saturday. Based on an alert from a resident , police rushed to the spot and found the body near Sivankoil Nagar in Vadapalani .Munusamy was working as a painter in Poonamalaee. \"We had alerted other police stations about the body and send them the photograph,\" a police officer said. Raja, elder brother of Munusamy, identified the body.Police said the body was handed over to Munusamy's relatives after the postmortem in Government General Hospital in Royapettah. \"He was missing for more than a week,\" said a police officer. In another incident, a 5-year-old man, Ganesh of Manappakkam , was killed in a road accident involving a motorcycle on Saturday.According to police, the mishap took place when the unidentified biker hit Ganesh when he was trying to cross the road near Mettu colony near Manappakkam.He died on the spot. The Tambaram traffic police have registered a case and have deputed a senior officer for the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12498437", "title": "I shall come back as CM: B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "TUMKUR: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is in no mood to relent. On Sunday, he declared that he would return as CM again.Speaking to reporters after wishing Siddaganga Mutt seer Sri Shivakumara Swamy on his 105th birthday, Yeddyurappa accused JD(S) leaders H D Deve Gowda and H D Kumaraswamy of hatching a conspiracy, forcing him to relinquish his position as the CM.\"It's a challenge. I will return as CM again. I am 100% sure of making Deve Gowda watch my swearing-in ceremony once again,'' he said.It's not just the Gowda clan the former CM is upset about. \"I know what my partymen are doing and how they are working against me. I will reply to all their actions at an appropriate time,'' said Yeddyurappa.He refused to elaborate, citing the BJP high command's directive to him to remain silent about his position in the party and government. \"If I talk something, it will embarrass my party bosses. Besides, I have to face problems from my own partymen,'' he quipped. However, he said he would break his silence and reveal everything if Sri Shivakumara Swamy asks him to do so. When asked why he needs the seer's permission when the high command has asked him to keep quiet , Yeddyurappa said: \"I am an ardent follower of the mutt and an obedient disciple of the seer. I cannot speak and take decisions on my own without consulting the seer. I will reply to all their (his partymen) actions at an appropriate time, after getting permission from the seer to speak. I will go to the doorstep of people to disclose the truth.\"Yeddyurappa said he and other followers would soon organize a massive programme in Bangalore to celebrate the 105th birthday of the seer. \"We have got the seer's nod for the function. Besides Bangalore, we are planning to organize functions throughout the state,\" he added.Yeddyurappa was accompanied by his son B Y Vijayendra, rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar, housing minister V Somanna and planning board vice-president Ramachandra Gowda. KPCC chief G Parameshwara and deputy leader in the Rajya Sabha K Rehman Khan too visited the mutt and wished the pontiff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499231", "title": "Early care improves speech skills in autistic kids: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Autism, a developmental disorder in young children has no cure, but early intervention can help children improve social and communication skills, said experts participating in a workshop on growth monitoring and autism in the city on Sunday. The workshop was organised by the Bhopal chapter of Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) a day ahead of World Autism Awareness Day (April 2).Though there is no data for ascertaining the exact number of autism-affected, Reeta Sabarwal of NGO Action for Autism said, \"In India 1 out of every 100 children born has risk of autism.\"Many causes of autism have been proposed by experts but understanding of the theory of causation of autism and the other autism spectrum disorders is incomplete. Though there is no diagnostic test or investigative procedure to detect autism, a qualified doctor, especially a psychiatrist or a paediatrician will be able to spot this abnormality in a child easily on the basis of its behaviour.\"There is need to spur action to combat the unacceptable discrimination, abuse and isolation that people with the disorder and their loved ones face,\" said IAP national president Dr C P Bansal.At a press conference, medical practitioners Dr Rakesh Sukheja and Dr Zafar Manai stressed the need for greater investments in social, education and labour sectors, since developed and developing countries alike still need to improve their capacities to address the unique needs of people with autism and cultivate their talents.\"Males are 4 times more likely to suffer from the condition compared to females,\" said Dr Sukheja. \"There seems to be a strong hereditary component in the development of the disease because incidences are higher in siblings of autistic children,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499352", "title": "3 booked within 24 hours of rape", "text": "PATNA: The Saharsa police have cracked a rape incident and submitted charge sheet against three accused within 24 hours of the crime.DGP Abhayanand said here on Sunday that the 23-year-old woman, Nako Devi, wife of Chandrakishore Ram, was returning to her village Terasi Gaon from a village fair organized at the nearby Tekan village in Saharsa district around 11pm on Saturday. Her husband was accompanying her.Before she could reach her village, three criminals identified as Anil Ram, Md Khurshid and Chandan Sah accosted her and at gunpoint took her to a nearby bush where she was criminally assaulted. After the criminals fled, Chandrakishore reported the matter to Saur police station. After preliminary investigation and chase on the retreat line of criminals, the police caught them. The victim woman later identified the criminals.The DGP said that Saharsa SP Ajit Kumar Satyarthi informed him that charge sheet against all the three accused has been filed.In another incident, a TV journalist, Naresh Singh, was waylaid and his mobile phone snatched in Saharsa. The police acted promptly and arrested the accused, Devendra Yadav. The Sadar police station has filed charge sheet in this case too, the DGP stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499789", "title": "Sealing port\u2019s escape route", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government directive to stop works on the Chennai port- Maduravoyal elevated corridor has industries, exporters and the port worried. Proposed to be the country's longest elevated corridor, it was to transform the way container trucks move between the manufacturing hub of Sriperumbudur and the port. It was also to decongest city roads. Now a cloud of uncertainty looms over the project.The projected benefit of the elevated way is striking for its simplicity: Trucks now take more than five hours to cover the highly congested 30km stretch from Maduravoyal to the port. The elevated way promises to bring down the distance to 17.5km and the journey time to less than 10 minutes.Officials say there is no alternative to such a project.There is more. The elevated way will bring down the distance from the port to Sriperumbudur - where a dry port is being planned - by 33km. The proposed dry port near Sriperumbudur is to have advanced container handling and storage equipment to decongest the sea port. \"Since Chennai port is situated inside the city, there is no way we can develop land near it. Improving connectivity to inland areas is the key to the future of the port for which the elevated corridor is essential,\" said a port official.A recent study by the Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry found the corridor as one of the two major solutions to sustain industrial growth of the city. Another study by the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority said the project would decongest the city roads substantially.Customs House Agents Association president A V Vijayakumar said the elevated project is a necessity for the port which is already congested, handling 1.5 million containers. \"The new mega container terminal will bring in more traffic, but also more congestion. Industries are awaiting completion of the elevated project as it would connect the three national highways to Banglore, Kolkata and Trichy. This would provide direct access to the port for transporters who bring trade from industrial belts around Tamil Nadu,\" he said.The port has been struggling to maintain a proper system to evacuate containers, and the situation has worsened in the last three years, leading to container pile-ups on north Chennai roads. Major vessel liners were forced to divert their routes last year after vessel operations got delayed by several days due to container pile-up", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12502361", "title": "RIM slashes price of BlackBerry Curve 8530", "text": "NEW DELHI: BlackBerry maker Research in Motion (RIM) is now looking at CDMA devices to boost its sales in the country and is re-launching its Curve 8530 model at about 12 per cent lower price of Rs 11,990.Curve 8530, which was earlier available at Rs 13,500, is the CDMA version of BlackBerry's most popular GSM device -- Curve 8520.\"Smartphones are getting popular day by day, but a majority of these are on GSM technology. While CDMA mobile phones have been popular, there is a very little choice for consumers when it comes to CDMA smartphones. And that is why we are re-launching Curve 8530,\" RIM India Head of CDMA business Francis Jose said.This will not only help users who are looking at more smartphone options for CDMA, but will also ensure that more CDMA users can move to smartphones, he added.GSM and CDMA are two mobile telephony technologies, of which GSM is dominant in India with telecom operators like Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India and Idea Cellular offering services across India.On the other hand, CDMA operators in the country include Sistema Shyam Teleservices, Tata Teleservices and Reliance Communications , though the last two also offer GSM services.\"People are ready to pay top dollar for good devices. CDMA technology has been known to provide great data experience and smartphones ensure that,\" Jose said.According to IDC data, India CDMA smartphone shipments are expected to grow at a CAGR of 19.6 per cent until 2016. From less than one lakh units in 2010, the market for CDMA devices in India is expected to grow to over three lakh units in 2012 and to over six lakh units in 2016.RIM's portfolio of CDMA devices includes BlackBerry Style 9670 (Rs 19,704), BlackBerry Curve 9330 (Rs 15,990), BlackBerry Bold 9650 (Rs 20,990) and BlackBerry Curve 9350 (Rs 20,990).The Canadian firm has been aggressively pushing its GSM and CDMA devices in the country even as its global sales have slumped.RIM posted a net loss of $125 million for the three months ended March 3, 2012 compared to net income of $934 million in the same quarter of fiscal 2011. During the quarter, RIM shipped 11.1 million BlackBerry smartphones and over 500,000 BlackBerry PlayBook tablets. RIM does not give country specific details.The company has recently slashed prices of its handsets and tablet PC, PlayBook, as well as expanding its retail presence in India to boost sales.While prices of GSM handsets were slashed by up to 26 per cent, the prices of PlayBook were reduced by more than half to Rs 24,490 for the 64GB version under an offer from the original price Rs 37,990. This was further reduced to Rs 19,990 earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499031", "title": "Training programme on Copyright Law held for cops", "text": "BHOPAL: A one-day state-level training programme on Copyright Law for police officers in Madhya Pradesh was organized at the National Law Institute University (NLIU), here recently. The programme, organized by chair on Intellectual Property Law of NLIU, was inaugurated by additional director general of police (Training) Rajendra Kumar .Addressing about 30 participants of the rank of sub-inspectors from different districts, NLIU director Prof S S Singh stressed the need to gain more knowledge in the relatively new areas of Copyright Law.Director general of state police Nandan Dubey, who attended the valedictory session, distributed certificates to the participants and motivated them to work hard and catch on the current thinking in the area of Copyright Law. He emphasized on conducting such programmes more frequently, adding that the higher level police officials should also be involved in these training sessions.There were two technical sessions conducted by Prof Alam during the programme. The first session was devoted to the understanding of general principles of Intellectual Property Rights while the second session was on the role of police officers in enforcing copyrights Act. Former director general of police S C Tripathi and chair professor of IPR Ghayur Alam were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498068", "title": "Five policemen take on robbers, hurt in shootout", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five Delhi Police officials came across a gang of scrap-metal robbers on the outskirts of the capital while they were on patrolling duty near the Bawana scrap yard early on Sunday.The cops from Narela police station were acting on a tip-off about the gang of 15 to 20 scrap metal robbers who used to break into metal factories and steal scrap metal every night. As the police team zeroed in on the gang from Haryana in a jungle near Shahbad Dairy around 2am, its members, who were carrying guns and iron rods, started firing at the cops.The accused, who outnumbered the cops, injured head constable Om Prakash (42) and constable Mahender (40) during the operation and fled. By Sunday afternoon, police managed to arrest seven gang members from nearby areas. \"Efforts are on to arrest the others. We will disclose all names once the operation is complete,\" an official said.Although outnumbered, the officers did not turn back for help. \"The criminals started firing at our officers. Mahender, though seriously injured, kept on fighting till he fell unconscious. We will reward these officers,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).A bullet has pierced Mahender's abdomen and he has been admitted to Ambedkar Hospital. Om Prakash, who was hit by an iron rod and suffered multiple injuries, was taken to Balaji Hospital. \"Both have been operated upon and are out of danger. They have fought the robbers bravely,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499668", "title": "Soon, police to launch e-challan system in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala police is in the process of introducing the e-challan system in other cities in the state to enable hassle free fine collection from traffic offenders and to prevent traffic policemen from seeking bribes from people after booking them for traffic violations. Currently, the e-chalan system is successfully used in Thiruvananthapuram city.State Director General of Police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose has hinted about extending the e-challan system to other cities in the state to bring down the instances of harassment people suffer at the hands of the police in the name of penalising offenders for traffic violation.In a circular issued to the police personnel, which directs the police personnel to not to harass people during vehicle checking, the DGP has highlighted the necessity of extending the e-challan system to other cities.According to police officials, the department is most likely to introduce the system in Kochi and Kozhikode before extending it to other major towns in the state.\"The system is highly transparent and the government gets up to date information on the amount of fines collected each day and the number of offenders booked. Once the system is implemented comprehensively, it will also help the offenders to pay fines online without visiting police stations,\" the officials said. The system will help the police department to record all offences digitally in a central server.\"Mainly, the system helps the police to identify stolen vehicles. When a vehicle is booked for offence, the police enter the registration plate details of the vehicle into a hand held device which is connected to the central server. The device provides complete description of the vehicle and the policeman can cross check the details. If there is any mismatch, police could launch a detailed probe to ascertain whether it is a stolen vehicle or not,\" the official said.Similarly if an offence is booked, the machine records an e-receipt and a printout is issued to the offender. The offender could make payment while the e-receipt stores the details of the fine amount and the type of offence to the central server. The system also helps to track repeat offenders easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498537", "title": "Early diagnosis will help special children", "text": "BANGALORE: Dr Sudha Krishnamurthy, a gynaecologist, took a break from her busy profession four years ago to look after her son Kavin Kartik. Many mothers do that, but Sudha had a challenging task at hand: Kavin was diagnosed with autism - a neurological disorder - when he was just 18 months old.Sudha and her husband Dr Krishnamurthy, a paediatrician, had a single-point agenda: to make their son self-sufficient. It has been four years since then. Kevin is 5 years and 3 months old today. The couple has shifted from Coimbatore to Bangalore as the city provides better options for such special kids, and the child has responded positively to the Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA) therapy.If autism is detected at a young age, the prognosis has better prospects. Latest global figures suggest that 1 in every 500 people is afflicted with autism. It is estimated that Karnataka has 2.65 lakh autistic children and adults.Said Dr K John Vijaysagar, associate professor, child and adolescent psychology, Nimhans: \"Till date, there are no community-based prevalence studies on autism in India and in Karnataka. Our department receives 250 to 300 autistic children annually and offers in-patient services to 90-120 children with autism every year.\"\"With so many autism treatments available, it can be tough to figure out which approach is right for your child. Each person on the autism spectrum is unique, with different strengths and weaknesses. A child's treatment should be tailored as per his/her individual needs,\" said Dr Vijaysagar.Jayashree Ramesh, director, Asha, Autism Society of India, said autism as a disorder is not covered under the Persons with Disabilities Act, 1995, which is the prime legislation for disabled persons. \"However, it falls under the National Trust Act, 1999. Currently, Karnataka has no specific schemes or provisions and is not supporting any institution working for autistic children or people,\" she said.Parents play a key role\"I realized my son Ujjwal wasn't normal when he was just a month old. This is because my elder son, who passed away 10 years ago at the age of 17, was an autistic too. When Ujjwal turned 15 months old, doctors, too, confirmed that he was autistic. I put him on occupational therapy ,\" said Kavita Sharma (50). \"Parents should allow autistic children to pursue their hobbies. Ujjwal today goes to school, and will appear for class X exam next year. He has expertise in visual graphics,\" she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502972", "title": "I prefer Saif over other Khans: Kamal Haasan", "text": "Denying reports that he is planning to rope in Jackie Chan and Salman Khan for his next film after completing Viswaroopam, Kamal Haasan said that he does not depend on the Khans to make his films popular.If there is one character that would suit a Khan from Bollywood , then it is Saif Ali Khan , he added. Also Kamal pointed out that he has a long standing desire to share the screen space with the legendary Dileep Kumar .Kamal, on reports about roping in Jackie Chan for his next film, said that it is the wish of the producer to bring in the star to the Tamil film industry but he does not endorse it.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498370", "title": "Sangma taunts Manmohan, says PM must be from Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a dig at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, former Lok Sabha Speaker Purno A Sangma said one of the problems facing Indian democracy is that it's not binding on the PM to be a member of the Lok Sabha. Singh is a member of the Rajya Sabha.\"We must amend the constitution to ensure that only an Lok Sabha member will be a PM. The most important duty of the Lok Sabha is to produce a PM. A Prime Minister from the Rajya Sabha cannot vote for his own government if he is not a member of the Lok Sabha, and this is an absurd situation,\" said Sangma, who is with the NCP, which is a part of the UPA.Sangma said he was unable to recall any period in the history of Indian democracy when a PM remained in office for so long without being elected to the Lok Sabha. This, he said, has diminished the PM's office.He also said that given the increasingly chaotic scenes in both the Houses, it might become necessary to reconsider live telecast of the proceedings.Although it was Sangma who introduced live coverage of the proceedings, he said that there may be good reasons to believe that it makes the members play to their galleries and create ruckus to show how effective they are. He gave examples of how MPs told news channels ahead of sessions that they will create a bedlam, and often succeeded in doing so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502709", "title": "FEFSI threatens strike from April 3rd", "text": "The FEFSI has warned that it will stop all the shootings in progress if the Producers' Council representatives do not take part in the reconciliation meeting to be held on April 3rd. Issues over the salary revision for the cine technicians and workers sparked off a tiff between the Producers' Council and the FEFSI.This issue has been going on for the past three months and several shootings have been stalled. The worst hit due to this strike are the high budget films like Billa 2, Thuppaki, Viswaroopam, Alex Pandian etc.Though the government intervened and sought a solution to this, there was no amicable settlement. Following this, another reconciliation meeting has been convened on April 3rd and if the Producers Council does not take part in this, then the FEFSI has threatened to go on a strike again.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12503850", "title": "HCL Infosystems launches operations in Qatar", "text": "DUBAI: HCL Infosystems has launched operations in Qatar through a strategic tie up with Dyarco International WLL, a leading business consultancy and subsidiary of Al Faisal Holdings in Qatar.The company will offer a wide spectrum of ICT products that include computing, storage, networking, security, telecom, imaging and retail.With the launch, HCL Infosystems Middle East and Africa (MEA) aims at establishing a foothold to fully implement expansion plans in the region.One of India's top IT hardware, services and ICT system integration firms, the $2.6 billion HCL Infosystems is a one-stop-shop for all ICT requirements.HCL has specialised expertise across verticals including telecom, BFSI, eGovernance and power.HCL Infosystems MEA CEO Shivkumar Gopal said the Middle East is an extremely important market for the company, and Qatar is at the very centre of its growth.\"We are very pleased to launch our operations here. In Dyarco, we have found the right partners to establish a strong foothold in this market. By opening our Qatar office, we have now extended our arm in the region with complete resources to manage sales, services and operations locally,\" he was quoted by Gulf Times as saying.Headquartered in Doha, Qatar, Dyarco International WLL provides services for establishing various businesses, both domestically and internationally.\"Our presence in Qatar represents a significant step for HCL Infosystems in our transformation strategy to accelerate growth in our targeted international markets offering a complete set of products, service and solutions,\" said Harsh Chitale, CEO and Whole Time Director, HCL Infosystems Ltd.\"HCL Infosystems is now expanding its global footprint in the Middle East and African market with direct operations in Qatar to address the system integration, services and IT support requirements in these regions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498202", "title": "20-day jail term, fine for drunk driver in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: You can be assured of a prison term if you drive drunk in the city, even if you don't get involved in any accident. A 32-year-old learnt this the hard way when he had to pay a fine of Rs 15,000 and spend 20 days in prison.Randhir Singh was apprehended on March 16 after he was found driving a heavy vehicle (having 22 wheels) around 11.25pm at the Airport Road in south Delhi. Singh was found driving the vehicle in violation of no-entry restrictions, disobeying lawful directions, driving dangerously and driving in the extreme right lane in violation of Supreme Court guidelines. Not only that, he was also found to be without a driver's licence, said officials. Singh tried to speed off when cops tried to stop him.While giving the judgment in the case, metropolitan magistrate Sunil Gupta observed, \"It is a known fact that at night the roads of Delhi become (sic) very unsafe for driver due to rash and drunk driving, especially by commercial vehicle drivers. Accidents are also very frequent at night due to this.\"Till March 15 this year, commercial vehicles have already caused 135 fatal accidents, making these vehicles responsible for more than 37% road deaths in Delhi. \"Due to the number of violations by commercial vehicles, we have come down heavily on them and have booked 40,150 HTVs, 95,383 LGVs, 1,480 tractors and 388 trailers in the first two and a half months of the year,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Till March 15 this year, 1,387 people were sentenced to jail for drunk driving. This is a 127% jump for the corresponding period last year, where 612 people had been imprisoned. With 5,362 people caught driving drunk this year, more than 2,000 cases are still pending judgment, said traffic police.Now, traffic police will also send court appeals for enhancement of convictions, after a sessions court in Delhi observed that a jail term in a case could have been increased had the state filed an appeal against a 10-day jail term awarded to a south Delhi resident, who was caught driving his vehicle in an inebriated condition on New Year's Day.\"Until and unless courts rise to the occasion and as per the intent of our Parliament, start handing over harsher sentences to convicts of drunk driving, it would not be possible for Delhi traffic police alone to single-handedly contain the menace of drunk driving,\" said Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) S S Rathi. Drunk driving is punishable under Section 185 of Motor Vehicles Act where violators can be fined Rs 2,000 or sentenced to six months in jail or both. Repeat offenders can be fined Rs 3,000 and/or jailed up to two years. If caught driving drunk, the violator's car is impounded if he or she has no one to drive the vehicle home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12497993", "title": "'Y' category security for CBI joint director", "text": "HYDERABAD: Within 24 hours after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) filed a chargesheet in the Y S Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, police have provided 'Y` category security to the investigating agency's joint director (JD) V V Lakshminarayana.Lakshminarayana has been supervising investigations into several high-profile cases, including Jagan assets, Emaar and Satyam scams, OMC illegal mining and Sohrabuddin fake encounter.The Security Review Committee (SRC), comprising sleuths from the State Intelligence Department, Special Intelligence Branch (SIB), Intelligence Bureau (IB) and Intelligence Security Wing has recommended 'Y' category security to the CBI joint director recently.The orders were sent to the Intelligence Security Wing (ISW) and subsequently forwarded to the Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissioners. As part of the 'Y' category security, Lakshminarayana would be provided a bullet proof car and 2+2 armed security. Police security would also be there at his residence and office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501749", "title": "Ajith favored Suriya", "text": "Director Venkat Prabhu's Mankatha, which had Ajith in the lead role, took a grand opening when the film released. Following this immense success, the director wanted to work with Ajith once again and narrated a one-liner to him, say sources.However, Ajith was committed to Billa 2 at that time and felt that the story would suit Suriya much better. According to sources, it was based on Ajith's advice that Venkat Prabhu took the story to Suriya and the star also signed the dotted lines.Venkat Prabhu will begin the shooting of this film as soon as Suriya completes Matraan. With Matraan due for release in July, the commencement of shooting is not far-off, we hear.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chander nagar", "code": "12498669", "title": "For those affected with wheat allergy", "text": "CHANDER NAGAR: Prabhjot Kaur, who supplies gluten-free food, adds, ''My gluten-free products include white flour, missa flour, besan, suji, bread, biscuits, pulses, mathis, sweets, dalia and chocolates. It's healthy and easily digestible. I have also opened outlets across Punjab and have branches in Pune, Delhi, Chandigarh and Jammu.''Out on a mission to help people, Prabjot started this venture to help out moms whose children were affected with wheat allergy. ''Since wheat allergy is affecting a lot of kids and adults in North India, I aim to provide gluten-free food products at their doorstep. I also intend to take my products international as this problem is much more in foreign countries.'' She added, ''My husband Gurvinder Singh, who owns a carry bag business, and brother-in-law Dr Satnam Singh, an Ayurvedic practitioner, have supported me in setting up this business.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12499061", "title": "City bucks trend, clears one residential project a week", "text": "GURGAON: Contrary to the belief that the market has slowed down due to the higher interest rates and stringent RBI guidelines, the Gurgaon market has seen one residential project licence issued every seven days. The department of Town and Country Planning has issued a total of 1,129 licences between 1981 and 2011.Of these, as many as 780 licences were granted in the past five years between January 2007 and December 2011. During these five years, the department issued the maximum number of licences of 210 in year 2008 and then 2010. This was followed by 152 permits granted in 2007 and 118 issued between January and December 2011. The least number of licences were issued during 2009 where the figures were much lower at 90, showing the effect and uncertainty in the real estate markets during the recession period.What is also interesting from the data available on licences issued is that across Haryana the highest number of real estate licences, be they for development of a group housing project or plotted or IT city and commercial, the top five districts across the state have been Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat, Rewari and Panipat, showing builders' preference for the Haryana NCR districts. These top five districts accounted for 1,001 of the 1,129 licences granted.Of these, Gurgaon has got the lion's share with 755 project licences issued till December 2011. This accounts for 67% of the overall permits issued. The next in line is Faridabad which got 103 licences accounting for 9.1% while Sonipat is close behind with 76 projects (6.74%). Rewari and Panipat have been issued 35 and 31 project licences each.The preference for Sonipat, Rewari and Panipat for development plans indicates their location around the Capital and upcoming projects like the Kundali-Manesar-Palwal Expressway through Sonipat, the widening of the national highway 1 passing through Sonipat and Panipat. Rewari is also an upcoming destination with areas like Dharuhera and Bawal which are aligned along national highway 8 which is under expansion and along the Delhi-Mumbai Freight Corridor.Also, the number of licences issued in Gurgaon and Sonipat for group housing and plotted houses are comparable with Gurgaon having 254 group housing against 226 in plotted projects. Sonipat has 34 licences each for GH and plotted.The numbers for both these kinds in Faridabad are 60 for GH and 24 in plotted, clearly showing that there are strong buyers in the market for plotted in Gurgaon and Sonipat, contrary to the Faridabad market. Also, the acreage for plotted is larger compared to that for group housing projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504981", "title": "Anoop Menon's next is Oru New York Sayahnam", "text": "Actor-writer Anoop Menon will team up with his tutor Rajeev Nath yet again for his next. The movie has been titled as Oru New York Sayahnam.The movie is a romantic comedy. Anoop who has written the script , will also be seen in lead role. Oru New York Sayahnam will be directed by Rajeev.This is going to be Anoop's fourth film with Rajeev Nath. The duo has delievered films like Pakal Nakshatrangal, Moksham and Anubhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503880", "title": "'Jism 2' a marketing genius: Arunoday Singh", "text": "Actor Arunoday Singh, who has been tapped to play one of the two male leads in \" Jism 2\", says the film is a marketing genius.Be it producer Mahesh Bhatt's entry into the 'Bigg Boss' house to offer the lead role to adult film star Sunny Leone or the nude promotional pictures, ever since its announcement the film has been grabbing eyeballs.And Arunoday says it will work in the favour of the film.\"The film is a marketing genius. Every move by the makers is very smart and that is the reason the film was being talked about so much even before it went on floors. Now, it is up to us to pull it off,\" Arunoday told PTI.The 28-year-old actor, who alongwith actor Randeep Hooda will play Leone's love interest in the sequel to the John-Bipasha starrer, was all praises for his female co-star.\"She (Sunny) is very beautiful. I don't judge anyone by the work the person has done in the past. She may be a porn star but 'Jism 2' is not a porn film. People should keep that in mind,\" said the actor.Asked if the attention showered on the leading lady bothers him, he said, \"I have no problems with the fact that the focus is on Sunny. I care only about my work. I care about my role. I don't care who they cast, how they make it, how they promote it. My job is to act.\"Arunoday, who was the first one to be signed on for Madhur Bhandarkar's ambitious film \"Heroine\", was booted out of the film after actress Aishwarya Rai was replaced by Kareena Kapoor. He says he still does not know the real reason behind the move.\"I don't know what went wrong with Heroine. I was even paid for it. I was supposed to play a much younger man romancing an older woman (played by Aishwarya) but I guess with the change in cast they had to change the story line. They wanted someone of the same age and so I was replaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502988", "title": "'Blood Money' is not what you expect to be: Kunal", "text": "Kunal Khemu, after doing a variety of films, from sex thriller to comedies, has now tried his hands on an outright thriller \" Blood Money\" where he shares the screen with Amrita Puri and Mia Uyeda.Talking about the film, Kunal says, \"It's not a sex thriller as people might be thinking due to the leaked scenes between me and Mia. Rather it's a story of a small town guy who comes to a big city and gets entangled in the big ugly corporate world. What follows is a hurricane ride where his sense and sensibilities are tested at every step.\"\"Blood Money\" is yet another film which has been shot in the exotic locations of Cape Town , and due to the script's demands they had to shoot in summer clothes when it was chilling in Cape Town.To which Kunal laughs and shares his plight saying, \"I was put in front of the camera in a normal shirt when it was really cold outside. I used to get shivers and still had to maintain a straight body so that the shivers are not visible on screen. While the rest of the crew was nicely tucked in heavy jackets and warm clothes. Though it was tough, it was a lot of fun.\"\"Blood Money\" is also the debut film of model turned Vj turned actor Mia Uyeda, who shares a steamy on -screen scene with Kunal, which remains the sole talking point of the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12498204", "title": "Bogus donors add 100 kg gold to Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams kitty", "text": "TIRUPATI: Whose gold is it any way? That's the million dollar question doing the rounds here. The TTD found itself in a piquant situation after having discovered that some of those who donated gold for the fantasy gold plating 'Ananda Nilayam-Anantha Swarnamayam' project turned out to be bogus. After the Supreme Court stayed the project last year, TTD started sending out letters to donors asking whether they intended to take back the gold or wanted to use it for other schemes of TTD. But to its shock, TTD found that some of the addresses of the donors were non-existent. \"We were perplexed as in some cases, the addresses were fictitious though gold was donated in their names,\" a senior TTD official said.The TTD is in a fix about what to do with the gold of the bogus donors. Till now, over 100 kg of gold has landed in TTD kitty for the gold plating project. Chief accounts officer O Balaji says most of the donors don't want their gold back.The gold is in the safe custody of Bokkasam (treasury). Following a petition by Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy , the Supreme Court last year ruled that no further work could be taken up till further orders. Former TTD chairman D K Adikesavulu Naidu (DK), the brain behind the controversial project, filed a petition in the Supreme Court in February 2011 appealing it to direct the temple authorities to continue the project. This was after the AP High Court stayed the gold plating works as it could pose a serious threat to the centuries-old inscriptions and weaken the Tirumala temple structure. Even the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) told the high court that the proposed gold plating of the walls of the temple could damage the inscriptions which should be preserved for posterity.As soon as he took over as chairman in August 2008, DK proposed the project, got it ratified by the TTD. DK's argument was that unless the temple was plated with gold, pilgrims would stop coming to Tirumala and go to Vellore Sripuram Sri Mahalakshmi golden temple which is covered in layers of gold. Insiders in the temple say DK believed that gold cover would enhance the 'glory' of the temple like the Golden Temple of Amritsar. Estimated to cost Rs 100 crore and requiring over 200 kg of gold, the project was formally launched in October 2008. He also saw himself as a modern day Krishnadeva Raya, the 16th century Vijayanagara emperor who had first begun the process of gold plating that did not progress much.Despite objections from archaeologists, heritage conservationists and board members, DK was hell bent upon his 'dream' project. During a visit in March 2010, Kingfisher Airlines chief Vijay Mallya (and close to DK) had said he would donate Rs 6 crore for gold coating the doorframes in the sanctum sanctorum. MVS Ananthakrishnan, top financier close to Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa, who got the works done on Bangaru Vakili (main door of Dwarapalaka) by bringing skilled workers from TN, was also keen to turn Tirumala into Golden Temple of the south.Chief priest A V Ramana Deekshitulu, had however expressed serious concern that the gold plating would permanently obscure invaluable inscriptions dating from 10th to 18th century, which are mostly in Tamil, apart from Telugu and Devanagari. \"They throw light on social aspects and traditions of the Cholas, Pallavas and Vijayanagara kings,\" points out Kirankrant Chowdary of SV University. There are 640 ancient inscriptions on the temple walls.Retired TTD chief engineer V Anjaneyulu Naidu observes the copper and gold framework would harm the structural stability of the temple. \"It would be a disaster if the project is allowed to proceed,\" says social activist B K Srinivasa Ramanuja Ayyangar, one of the first persons to raise objections to the project. \"If we begin gold-plating monuments, our historical heritage will be destroyed forever,\" he warns.(This is seventh in a series of reports on the affairs of Lord Balaji's hilltop temple in Tirumala).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498070", "title": "India nod to global norms to fight terror funding", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has agreed to a Paris-based Financial Action Task Force's revised recommendation on combating money laundering and financing of terrorism that could have a bearing on its relations with Iran.As per the revised recommendations, which as a member of the FATF India is party to, the group has called for targeted financial sanctions against those which are responsible for proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The US has been seeking isolation of Iran for its uranium enrichment and nuclear proliferation that it believes could lead to Tehran making nuclear bombs.The FATF group in its plenary meeting held in Paris from 15 to 17 February 2012 approved combating the financing of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction through the consistent implementation of targeted financial sanctions when these are called for by the UN security council.Minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena, in response to a Parliament question on Friday, said that \"as a member of FATF, India was a party to the approval of the revised recommendations and is committed to its implementation.\"Despite pressure from the US, India had so far maintained neutrality on its stand on Iran on any sanctions against Tehran that would affect its citizens. India has its own oil interests to keep away from any financial sanctions on Iran.However, its recent undertaking at the FATF could bind New Delhi to any coordinated action against Iran if it is in the interest of \"Combating proliferation of weapons of mass destruction\" and is pushed through the UN security council.The FATF had revised its recommendations for combating money laundering and financing of terrorism, which were approved in the FATF plenary. The changes proposed include expanding the scope of money laundering predicate offences by including tax crimes; an enhanced risk-based approach which enables countries and the private sector to apply their resources more efficiently by focusing on higher risk areas and more effective international cooperation including exchange of information between relevant authorities, conduct of joint investigations and tracing freezing and confiscation of illegal assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499850", "title": "Sangam life achievement award for guitarist Emile", "text": "KOCHI: On Sunday evening, Emile Isaacs received the Sangam Kala Group life achievement award from veteran singer Sangam Kala Group life achievement awardat a ceremony in Chagampuzha Park. It was a long-pending appreciation for an illustrious career, said his family and friends.Back in the 70s, Emile and his band Elite Aces were regarded as one of the best in Kochi and the Isaacs family was seen as the premier family in the then music industry. Emile had been the bass guitarist for 'The Sound' band that had accompanied Usha Uthup for all her performances. \"I have performed with Usha for 38 years all over the world, even in Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan,\" he said.Eugene Isaacs, the lead guitarist of Jus' Jamm and brother of Emile, recollected a few memories. \"We are really happy that this recognition has come. He is the talent we looked up to, even illness hasn't dimmed his spirit,\" said Eugene.Emile had suffered stroke in January, 2009 and even now his movements are restricted due to paralysis. \"After this stroke I can hardly move about let alone pick up the guitar. I believe that God wanted me to take some rest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12499333", "title": "Sadananda-led government will complete its tenure: Eshwarappa", "text": "HUBLI: Reiterating that D V Sadananda Gowda-led government will complete its tenure, BJP state president K S Eshwarappa on Sunday said the high command will decide on the post to be given to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.\"We will agree to the high command decision in this regard,\" he told reporters in Haveri. When asked about 70 MLAs supporting the comeback of B S Yeddyurappa as chief minister, Eshwarappa said: \"Not only 70 MLAs, we all 120 members are united. There is a small confusion in the party. The issue will be discussed and sort it out.\"Eshwarappa, en route to Kaginele to attend a function, visited Haveri on Sunday. Confusion in the party will not affect the development works in the state, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12499100", "title": "No professionalism, accountability in Haryana power discoms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lack of professionalism and accountability has started taking toll on the Haryana power discoms. Though the turnover of public sector undertakings (PSUs) equals to over 7% of the Haryana GDP, the condition of power discoms is not quite healthy in the state as the utilities had to depend on borrowings to carry out their operations.The PSUs in Haryana suffered total losses of Rs 1,239 crore in 2010-11 and power discoms incurred the heaviest losses of Rs 1,663 crore.Out of the 22 working PSUs, 17 made a profit of only Rs 426.30 crore during the same period.The Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) incurred losses of Rs 884.22 crore while for the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) it was Rs 779.01 crore.A comptroller and auditor general (CAG) report has blamed various deficiencies, including lack of professionalism and accountability in the discoms, subsidy to farm sector, financial short-sightedness and aggregate technical commercial (AT&C;) losses for it.The report states that the discoms were not able to recover their cost of operations and the revenue gap increased from Rs 403 crore to Rs 1,663 crore.The damage rate of distribution transformers was higher than norms prescribed by the Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC) and there were delays in repairs of transformers, said the report.It added that the UHBVN incurred an extra expenditure of over Rs 539 crore on 89,969 tubewell connections in the high voltage distribution scheme and the DHVBN incurred a Rs 204-crore loss for the same scheme, which was imprudent.The discoms also failed to recover the outstanding amounts from consumers. It increased from Rs 1,482 crore to Rs 2,377 crore for the UHBVN and from Rs 1,388 crore to Rs 2,250 crore for the DHBVN between 2006-07 and 2010-11.The report further said that the financial health of discoms deteriorated between 2006-11 as accumulated losses increased from Rs 1,774 crore to Rs 6,127 crore due to heavy burden of interest on borrowings, high AT&C; losses and increase in employees cost.The subsidy support from the state government to the UHBVN increased from 50.24% to 68.97% of revenue from 2006 to 2008. Similarly for DHBVN it increased from 24% to 31% from 2006 to 2010.The discoms also failed to utilize the grants of over Rs 40 crore provided by the state government and energy audit in discoms was not effective and expenditure of Rs 183.28 crore remained unfruitful, added the report.What ails the power discoms?*Lack of professionalism and accountability*Failure to control AT&C; losses*Failure to utilize state grants*Non-completion of projects in time*Failure to recover outstanding amounts*Unfruitful expenditure", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12498971", "title": "Train travel in upper class gets costly", "text": "INDORE: Rail travel, especially upper class travel (ACI and AC II), became costly for Sunday as the new fares came into effect. Passengers who booked in advance had to shelve out the difference in fares.One of the passengers, Rajeev Sharma, travelling in second AC coach said, \"I had booked the tickets prior to the budget announcement. But as I had to travel on April 1, I paid increased fare.\"Another passenger travelling in first AC coach from Mumbai to Indore train said, \"My family wanted to travel by train, but I believe it's better to travel by flight now as there is not much difference in the fares and it would save time as well.\"Travel to cities like Mumbai, New Delhi, Pune, Ahmadabad, Jaipur and Howrah on train has become costly by abot Rs 250 more for travelling in first AC coach and Rs 150-200 for AC second class respectively.For travel to New Delhi in first AC coach in Nizamuddin Express passengers will have to shell Rs 2165 than Rs 1917 almost a hike of Rs 250. Similarly for Mumbai, travelling in first AC coach by Avantika Express and Duranto Express will cost Rs 254 and Rs 215 more to the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12498970", "title": "Two booked for duping 15 investors of Rs 55Lakh, 1 held", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 15 persons were duped of Rs 55 lakh allegedly by two persons, promising them handsome profit on their investment in shares and real estate.Kamla Nagar police registered a case of forgery. The police said the accused have been identified as Prashant, a resident of Nehru Nagar and Shiv Narayan, who resides in Gitanjali Complex. The police have arrested Prashant and a hunt is on to trace the other accused.Prashant, who worked with a car dealer, allegedly duped his colleagues promising them a monthly interest of 30% on a sum invested through him. The accused reportedly claimed that he has a thorough knowledge of share and real estate.The police said initially Prashant paid the interest as promised to win the confidence of investors. When the people began giving him big sum, he stopped paying the interest and ran away. Subsequently, his wife filed a missing person complaint with the police.Prashant, who returned on Sunday, told the police that he gave the money to Shiv Narayan, the other accused.Man makes off with Rs 6.85LIn another incident, a man allegedly ran away with Rs 6.85 lakh that was given to him by the firm where he worked as a field officer to make payment to employees. The police said accused, Amarjeet Singh, was employed with Indore-based security agency. The firm also has security guards in Bhopal . Singh was reportedly given Rs 6.85 lakh to make payment to guards. However, he allegedly made off with the sum. Police have registered case under sections of breach of trust in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498536", "title": "Bengal industries minister's plea to Pranab on bailout package", "text": "KOLKATA: Call it a war of wits if you wish. At an Assocham seminar on Sunday, state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee and Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee pit their wits against each other while speaking on the Bengal bailout package. The issue, however, remained unresolved.Speaking at the seminar, Chatterjee appealed to Pranab Mukherjee for a bailout package. The Union finance minister, however, skirted the issue and did not comment on any special package. Instead, he stressed on the immense potential Bengal has, and was all praise for the Mamata Banerjee government.Chatterjee said, \"Our state has been reeling under more than Rs 2 lakh crore debt for which the present government is not responsible. We look forward to you and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to do something for our state.\" According to him, there should be some scheme to bring Bengal out of the tight spot. \"Issues related to industrialization, unemployment scenario and overall underdevelopment of the state should be sorted out by the Centre. I am hopeful that Pranabda, being at the helm of affairs, will bail out Bengal,\" Chatterjee said.Mukherjee, however, did not directly respond to the appeal. Instead, he said West Bengal has attracted Rs 58,000 crore of fresh investment since Mamata Banerjee came to power and pointed out that the state needs to stress on education, skill and technology development for overall industrial development.He was also gushing about the new Mamata Banerjee-led government.He said the political choice of the state clearly indicates change and aspirations of people. \"The new government is responding to the aspirations and expectations of people,\" he said.There have been several ups and downs between the two partners in the UPA ally at the Centre - Congress and the Trinamool - over the demand for a special financial package for Bengal, and it appears that the Trinamool has been adopting a blow-hot-blow-cold strategy for sometime now.In fact, the Trinamool Congress while announcing its four Rajya Sabha candidates asked the MPs to raise issues of \"public interest\" in the House - including the bailout package. From the time she took over as the new CM, Mamata has been seeking a bailout package from the UPA government to overcome the Rs 2 lakh crore debt burden she has inherited from the Left regime.Meanwhile, at the Assocham seminar,Mukherjee said that while the average growth rate of the country was 8.6%, in Bengal it had been only 7.2% between 2004-05 and 2009-10. \"Growth had been subdued in Bengal and the policy framers of that time had different perspective,\" Mukherjee said.However, as on December 2011, Bengal has been working on 900 projects to the tune of Rs 6.11 lakh crore of investment which is about 4.4 % of the country's total investments plans under implementation. The Rs 58,000 crore fresh investments in Bengal comprise the manufacturing (36.5%), electrical (29.4%), services (18.9%) and over 6% each from the mining and real estate, he said.Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Subir Gokarn said that industrial growth in West Bengal has been overall slow in the last few years, but the state has potential competitive strength in some industrial activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12497740", "title": "Speeding lorry kills 4-year-old girl", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-year-old girl was killed by a speeding lorry when she tried crossing the busy Kinathukadavu-Veerappagoundanur road on Saturday evening. Meanwhile, locals blocked the road for two hours thereby disrupting the traffic.The deceased was identified as S Rohini. According to police, Rohini had asked for chocolates from her father M Senthil, who took her to a shop to buy chocolates. After getting the chocolates from her father, Rohini tried crossing the road by walking. But a speeding lorry crushed her to death and the lorry driver fled from the scene.Locals alerted Kinathukadavu police who rushed to the spot and tried sending Rohini's body to Pollachi government hospital for postmortem. However, locals refused to hand over the girl's body. Sikkalampalayam villagers blocked the road and demanded the lorry driver's arrest. Later, police pacified the locals and sent the body the girls for postmortem. The traffic on that road was disturbed for almost two-hours.The locals demanded that the state highways authorities and police officials should take action against the lorry drivers who refuse to slow down on seeing pedestrians cross the road.A case has been registered a and police are on the lookout for the lorry driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499351", "title": "Golf Club members barred from their Sunday drinks", "text": "LUCKNOW: As if the controversy over embezzlement of funds by its secretary Devesh Rastogi was not enough, the Lucknow Golf Club witnessed another round of row on Sunday when its bar was suddenly closed down, allegedly without giving any information to its members. Even the captain of the club, Adesh Seth, was not informed of the decision. \"I don't know why the bar has been closed. It is probably to restrict members from entering the premise and discuss the raging issue of fund embezzlement,'' Seth told TOI on Sunday evening.Visitors alleged it was at the behest of Rastogi that the bar was closed. \"He does not want us to come to the club. This is brazen use of powers by him,'' said a member.When contacted, Rastogi said that the bar was closed because the licence to run the bar was under process. The licence to run the bar had expired on March 31. \"There is a certain procedure which we have to follow. The bar may open on Monday,'' he said.Interestingly, district excise officer Alok Kumar said that the bar in a club might continue to operate even if its application is under process. \"The bar may operate till the excise department refuses to issue a licence or cancels it. There is no reason to shut down the bar,'' he said.Being a Sunday, the members had been looking forward to spend some time with their friends at the bar, but they found it closed. \"It was the duty of the management committee to see that the licence is issued on time. Even if it has not been, then a clearance should have been taken from the excise department,'' said a member. It was exactly two years ago when the bar was suddenly closed after a senior bureaucrat was denied entry into the club premises in his chauffer-driven official vehicle. This year, as it appeared, it was a different reason altogether: club's secretary charged with swindling around Rs 1.8 crore from club's exchequer. Some members said that the club was fast losing its sheen as well as the prestige it was widely known for. \"No golf club in the country is in such a state. This is uncalled for,'' said a member who is a regular golfer at the club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12502764", "title": "Apple-supplier Foxconn to build new facility in China", "text": "BEIJING: Foxconn Technology Group , one of US tech giant Apple's biggest suppliers, will build a high-tech manufacturing base in south China's island province of Hainan, the Taiwanese company said today.\"I hope construction on the plant will begin in Haikou this year,\" Terry Gou, the group's chairman, said at the 2012 Boao Forum for Asia (BFA), which is currently being held in southern Hainan.The group which is the contract manufacturer of Apple, Sony , Dell and several other multinational electronic brands has a huge network of firms in China in which lakhs of Chinese labour are employed.The company initiated a host of labour incentive measures following a spate of worker suicides over poor conditions.Gou said he was not sure about the timetable, as the local government will determine when construction can begin.Gou broke the news while signing a strategic contract with Hainan Airlines, the country's fourth-largest air carrier, at the forum, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.The companies will work together on logistics and e-commerce projects, allowing Foxconn to speed up its shipping and ensure that its products are delivered to global clients in a timely manner, Gou said.Hainan Airlines, founded in 1993, operates nearly 500 routes to more than 90 destinations around the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498814", "title": "Punjab Engineering College students eager to welcome Vanya Mishra back", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pledging support for her participation in the Miss World Pageant in Ordos, inner Mongolia on August 18, back in PEC campus Vanya's teachers and fellow PECobians eagerly await her arrival.Vanya Mishra, the new Miss India World 2012, a student of PEC third year electrical engineering department, intends to resume her studies and is expected back in city soon.\"We formally called her and her mother to congratulate them for the achievement. She has indeed done us proud. We will provide whatever support she needs from PEC to represent India. Details of the same would be discussed with Vanya once she is back,\" says PEC director Manoj Dutta.\"Nothing succeeds like success\" is how the PEC faculty describes her achievement. Even as the entire batch of BE (III) electrical engineering is away for their 16-week training in different companies across India, other students from PEC eagerly await to see the Miss India in the classroom next door.\"None of us knew who Vanya is since it is a huge institute. We now eagerly await her arrival back on campus. I am sure she will do us proud in the Miss World pageant as well,\" adds a final year PEC student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12498979", "title": "Oil adulteration racket busted at Moshi", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Sunday morning busted an oil adulteration racket following the arrest of two suspects in Moshi. The police have seized four tankers and 20,000 litres adulterated oil from the spot.The suspects, Vijay Laxman Pande (40) of Walhekarwadi, Pimpri and Balu Nanasaheb Survase (24) of Chandannagar were nabbed when acting on a tip-off, a team of social security cell led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge raided the spot and made the arrests.Police constable Pradip Jambhale had received a tip-off that some persons were involving in oil adulteration at Moshi. \"Jambhale received a tip-off that suspects used to mix used oil with the oil sent by petroleum companies to Pune,\" Barge said.Early Sunday morning Barge's team raided the spot. \"There were around five persons on the spot. Three managed to flee, but tanker driver Survase and Pande were caught,\" Barge said.Investigations have revealed that the driver of the oil tanker, which was sent from a petroleum company for the industries in Pune, used to come to Moshi instead of going to the particular industry.\"The suspects then used to empty half the tanker into another tanker. Then they used to mix used oil into the company's tanker and send it to the industry,\" Barge said.After further adulteration, the suspects used to sell the contents of the second tanker to small industries in and around Pune. Barge said, \"We suspect involvement of employees in the oil companies as well as the industries in Pune. The Bhosari police are investigating.\"The investigating team comprises police sub-inspector Ashwini Jagtap, police constables Mohan Thorat, Ashok Takalkar, Aijt Dhumal and Datta Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497146", "title": "3 cops to protect each VIP, just 1 cop for 761 citizens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The country which faces police vacancy to the tune of over 5 lakh personnel deploys three cops to protect its one VIP as against availability of merely one cop for 761 lesser mortals.Recently released data on police organizations in the country revealed how different states and Union Territories tend to deploy more and more cops for VIP security than the sanctioned strength of police personnel for this purpose.Though the Union home ministry had in the past three years pruned the central list of VIP protectees including ministers and bureaucrats by constantly reviewing the 'real' threat perception, states do not seem to respond accordingly despite facing huge shortage of police personnel.Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D;) of the home ministry had last week come out with eye-opening data, showing that the 25 states and UTs had in the year 2010 deployed 50,059 police personnel for protecting 16,788 VIPs including ministers, MPs , MLAs, bureaucrats and judges. Interestingly, the deployment of police personnel for these VIPs during the year was 21,761 more than what was actually sanctioned for their security.The data, released by Union home minister P Chidambaram on Friday, also shows that Punjab - which reports vacancy of over 11,000 police personnel - had topped the list with sparing maximum 5,410 cops to secure VIPs followed by Delhi (5,100 cops) and Andhra Pradesh (3,958 cops) despite facing shortage.Home ministry statistics show that while Delhi faces police vacancy of 1,186, Andhra Pradesh reports a huge vacancy of 40,596 personnel in the state. Many states have launched special drive to fill these vacancies but the number has not yet reached to the desired level.The year 2010 was, however, not an exception in terms of sparing cops for VIP security. The situation was worse in 2009 when 47,355 police personnel were deployed to protect 17,451 VIPs across the country. Though the states and UTs had sanctioned 23,637 personnel for VIP security during the year, the number doubled over the period of time.Besides a central list of VIPs having over 300-odd protectees, each state and UT has its own list making these numbers run into thousands.The BPR&D; figures and other related data of the home ministry also present a unique contrast in terms of police strength, vacancy and states' penchant for sparing more and more cops for VIP security duties for ever increasing list of protectees.Figures show that Bihar which has the worst police-population ration (total police personnel per lakh of population) had the maximum of 3,030 VIPs who were given protection in the state followed by 1,685 in Punjab and 1,640 in West Bengal - the state which has the second worst police population ration.The BPR&D; report highlighted that the manpower for protected persons' protection duty was drawn from available resources generally without corresponding increase in sanctioned strength for the purpose. \"The increase in the protected persons' protection deployment has strained the already limited manpower resources of state police.\"Therefore, there is a need for periodic review of the deployment of police for protected persons' protection against need based assessment coupled with proportionate increase in the sanctioned and professionally trained manpower commensurate to the bona fide protected persons' protection requirements,\" it said.Highlights* Three cops for a VIP compared to one cop for 761 ordinary citizens* In 2010, 16,788 VIPs were guarded by 50,059 police personnel, which is 21,761 more than the sanctioned deployment for their security* Punjab deployed maximum police personnel (5,410) for VIP security, followed by Delhi (5,001) and Andhra Pradesh (3,958)* Strength of police personnel per lakh population is 131.39* Sanctioned strength of police personnel per lakh population is 173.51", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500053", "title": "DUTA unhappy over attendance decision", "text": "Members of the Delhi University Teachers Association (DUTA) demanded an answer to the recent notification sent by the registrar to all colleges to submit attendance of their students every month, against the existing rule of submitting it every semester. The teachers are unhappy with the notification as, to begin with, the issue of attendance is not under the purview of the registrar, and more importantly, they want an ordinance to be passed first, in order to submit the attendance every month.According to the association, the new order has been passed to keep a tab on teachers rather than to just make students aware if they are short of attendance . The DUTA members have sent several letters to the vicechancellor demanding a dialogue on the issue. The teachers also sat on a dharna outside the VC's office protesting the imposition of the new directive.\"We are not submitting the attendance monthly as per the new directive and the principal has issued show-cause notices to us for not following the order. We will submit the attendance by mid-April only as it will be the last semester and examinations will begin from April 13. I feel the issue of attendance will fizzle out till the new academic session begins in July,\" says G S Chilana, department of physics, Ramjas College.DUTA member Abha D Habib says, \"We are submitting the attendance for mid-semester (two months). We will not follow the new directive till the university passes an ordinance for the same. It is an academic matter and teachers must be involved in decision-making .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504821", "title": "Pitbull gets award for his influence on music", "text": "Singer Pitbull was the big star of the 19th edition of the BMI awards in Latin music, where he received the BMI President's Award in recognition of his influence on the entertainment industry, the organization said.The gala was held Friday night in the Encore Hotel in Las Vegas and also served to recognize the work of songwriters and recording studios for the success of their musical creations in 2011.Pitbull, who performed at the ceremony, also received the BMI award for songwriter of the year, a recognition he shared with Juan Luis Morena Luna \"Wisin\", Llandel Veguilla Malave \"Yandel\" and Espinoza Paz.\"Nina de mi corazon\", recorded by La Arrolladora Banda El Limon, was selected as the BMI Latin song of the year with the award going to songwriter Horacio Palencia.Universal Music Publishing Group won its second consecutive BMI Latin Publisher of the Year award for having 11 songs on the list of the most widely-performed numbers of 2011.Before going to Pitbull, the BMI President's Award had been presented to artists such as Juanes, Kike Santander, Taylor Swift , Emilio and Gloria Estefan and Willie Nelson .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12497972", "title": "Chanda Congress minority cell chief quits", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Senior Congress leader Abid Ali, district president of the minority cell for seven years, has resigned from the post. He sent the resignation to MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre to protest the party's decision of not giving a single seat to Muslim leader in last zilla parishad polls.Earlier on Saturday, district Congress president Vinayak Bangde had resigned following a dispute with ex-MP Naresh Puglia over ticket distribution in CMC elections.Abid Ali has however resigned from the post to flay the party's partiality towards Muslims. He said that the district has over 2.25 Muslim population. While the party used them as vote-bank none of the leaders tried to offer even a single seat to the community.Ali said that the decision to sideline the minority community led to the failure of Congress in ZP election. He claimed that the Congress candidates lost elections in 11 seats where there was a minority population of 1,500 to 3,000. BJP won by 100 to 200 votes in eight seats against the Congress candidates while NCP got three seats due to division of Muslim votes.He said that though he was president of the minority cell, he was not given a role during interviews and selection of candidates for the municipal polls. He said he resigned as he was unable to give justice to the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12499049", "title": "Fraudsters on the prowl on matrimonial sites", "text": "KOLKATA: Women who dream of meeting their knights in the shining armour through matrimonial sites need to rein in their enthusiasm a bit. Of late, cheats and scamsters have been on the prowl on several matchmaking sites. Police stations have been flooded with complaints against people befriending unsuspecting girls through these portals and cheating them.Mita, a woman in her mid 30s and a resident of Muchipara in central Kolkata, had befriended Das through a matrimonial site. After initial chats over the internet, they agreed to meet. Das reportedly told the woman that he resides at south Kolkata but some days later, he told her that he had shifted to Barrackpore.They had been friends for over a year when the two decided to get married. But towards the beginning of 2010, Das allegedly asked for money from Mita. \"He convinced the victim that he was in financial crunch and wanted cash for his father's treatment,\" said an investigator.After having taken Rs 1.7 lakh from the complainant, Das stopped all communication. She then lodged a complaint with East Jadavpur police station and after merger with Kolkata Police the case was transferred to Survey Park. Probe revealed that Das has duped more girls in a similar manner. Several such fraudsters are operating across the country. Canada girl Deepa Das (name changed) had befriended a Delhi-based man.He said that he hailed from a noble family in Rajasthan and dealt with antique artifacts in Delhi. The victim's parents had talked to the groom's family and their marriage was fixed. But one day the man claimed that due to problems he had left the family business and wanted to start his own. No sooner Deepa helped him Rs 8 lakh than the fraudster disappeared.\"We also advise people that before getting close to someone found through such websites, one must verify his or her antecedence,\" said a senior officer of Kolkata Police. Executives of different popular matrimonial sites also admitted about fake profiles. \"We can't verify all the profiles. By paying a nominal amount, anyone can get access to the full site and collect numbers of different girls who have joined the site in search for partners,\" said an executive of a popular matchmaking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12499002", "title": "Women killed over dowry demands; husbands held", "text": "MALDA: There was tension in Malda after two women were killed in separate incidents over alleged dowry problems. Their husbands were arrested on the basis of the complaints lodged by the victims' family members.In the first incident, Manowara Bibi, 20, of Pirozpur near English Bazaar, who married one Manzarul Hossain six months back, was found dead at her residence. Hossain claimed that Manowara, who was supposed to appear for the higher secondary exams this year, died after she had fallen on the ground accidentally. However, the victim's brother Jakirul lodged a complaint with the English Bazaar police station alleging that her sister was tortured on a regular basis by her in-laws as the dowry demands were not met. Cops later arrested Manzarul.In another incident, Lalmun Biwi, 26, was found hanging from the ceiling of her residence killed and hung from a ceiling. The incident took place at G S Colony near Milki under English Bazaar police station. tnnPolice arrested her husband and sent the body for post mortem.It has been learnt that the victim Lalmun Biwi (26) got married to one Saidul Mia, a daily labourer, seven years back and they had two sons and a daughter. However, uncertainty over income forced Saidul to take up regular fight with his wife over dowry. there was regular tiff between the couple. Uncertainty of income of daily labourer Saidul led him to give pressure on his wife for money from her parents. An angry Saidul did not even allow Lalmun to attend her sister's marriage, which was fixed recently. Of late the Lalmun's younger sister's wedding was fixed. On this occasion too Saidul placed his demand for money which Lalmun's parents refused to give. Angry Saidul did not allow his wife to attend her sister's marriage.On Sunday morning, the victim's elder brother Lalu Sheikh decided to meet his sister. But Saidul did not allow him to get inside the house saying that Lalmun was busy and won't be able to meet. Curious about Saidul's behaviour, Lalu sneaked into the house to discover that the body of Lalmun was hanging from the ceiling. Villagers rushed to the spot after Lalu raised an alarm. Though, Saidul said Lalmun had committed suicide, the victim's brother and grandmother Mahinur Biwi alleged that Saidul was behind the incident.Lalu and his grandmother Mahinur Biwi alleged that Lalmun was killed and hung by her husband. Lalu alleged that his sister was tortured regularly even after they kept on arranging money for Sahidul. Later, cops arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12499063", "title": "Trinamool throws a spanner in toll plaza transfer move", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Even as the NHAI embarked upon its most ambitious project of design-build-finance-operate-transfer (DBFOT), handing over 15 national highways or 2330 kilometres to a private company to manage those from Sunday, problems cropped up with Trinamool flagbearers threatening to halt the process unless their men are recruited by the new company.Incidentally, Trinamool's high-handedness is also being seen as one of the main reasons for stalling of the project handover since November 29, 2011. This was reportedly resolved after senior Trinamool ministers intervened and worked out a compromise by managing the recruitment of at least the ablest among the men. Trinamool's Debra block president Aloke Acharya shot off a letter to Kharagpur SDO on Sunday, threatening to block the NHAI toll plaza on NH-6 off Debra if all the 130 workers, who work there, are not recruited by the new firm within three days. Acharya argued that only 45 of the 130 erstwhile staff have been recruited and the rest would lose their daily earnings if not recruited.However, Debra's Trinamool MLA Radha Kanta Maiti saw nothing wrong in the private firm engaging fewer workers. \"They have engaged some workers and brought the rest from outside who have command over computer skills. They need to earn, otherwise how will they develop the national highway?\" he asked. Maiti, though, refused to comment on Acharya's stand.Acharya's threat was reportedly the primary reason why the NHAI couldn't implement the handover in the past four months, which hit its cash coffers as the toll plazas remained shut. It had then approached the Mamata Banerjee-government for help . Senior ministers, including agriculture marketing minister Arup Ray, intervened to work out a compromise formula and control the party supporters.It was informally conveyed to the government that this was a pan-India step and not just for West Bengal.\"Earlier, Trinamool Congress leaders demanded recruitment of their supporters, working in the toll plazas, when NHAI used to run those. This was unacceptable to a Mumbai-based firm, who had won the competitive bidding tender to run all the toll plazas. It needed to generate revenue and without eligible staff it was impossible. So, the firm backed off. And NHAI never met its earning targets after employing these people either, a reason why it decided to hand over the toll plazas to private players ,\" an NHAI official said.The newly-formed company has been given the toll plazas for a 25-year period. The firm will pay NHAI Rs 126.06 crore per annum, with 5% hike every year thereafter. In the next 30 months, this company will also build service roads, 23 flyovers and even the Kolaghat Bridge. It will be counterproductive if they are not allowed to work, a fact on which Trinamool MLA Maiti stressed.A Trinamool general secretary said, \"This was not brought to our notice earlier. A decision has already been taken to extend help to this project. No isolated protests will be tolerated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498596", "title": "Chain-snatchers make hay as cops, lawyers fight", "text": "Chain-snatchers appeared to have had a field day when police locked horns with agitating lawyers through the month of March.With at least half of the 16,000 police personnel called in to ensure that the strike from March 2 to 21 did not go out of hand, there was a sudden spurt in chain-snatching incidents in the city.Deployment of policemen in and around the City Civil Court complex had stretched the force in Bangalore West, North and South divisions. The result: these divisions during March reported nearly half of the chain-snatching incidents that had occurred in the first quarter of the year.In all, these three divisions had 72 cases of chain-snatching in the first three months of the year. But nearly half of them - 35 - happened in March alone. The numbers were 19 and 11 in West, 14 and 7 in North and 39 and 17 in South. The March statistics for chain-snatching are not so stark for other divisions.Deployment of additional police personnel for court duty meant that police patrolling and nakabandi (night-checks) drives at night were badly affected.Pranob Mohanty, joint commissioner of police (crime), said the city had been witnessing a drop in the number of chain snatching incidents, but the trend reversed in March.\"Lack of police presence in many areas has led to this noticeable increase in numbers,\" said Mohanty, who is in charge of North, West and South divisions. \"More than half of this year's chain-snatching cases have been in March. Compared to 2011-end figures, such incidents were dipping in early 2012, but now this momentum has been lost,\" he explained.According to the officer, curbing petty crime is important to control bigger ones. \"We can statistically see that most of those who have a record of chain-snatching end up committing bigger crimes. The only way to crack down on such crime is to ensure police presence across the city,\" he said.Another senior police officer, in charge of a division, said night-patrolling and nakabandi routines had to be compromised in March because of lack of manpower, and many checking and patrols were called off during the lawyers' strike.\"As most of our men were deployed near courts during the day, they had to be rested at night. Things are now getting back to normal and we'll be able to keep a check on incidents of crime,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498396", "title": "Renovation of Cotton Market railway station yet to begin", "text": "NAGPUR: The upgrade and renovation of the eastern entrance of Nagpur railway station was announced by divisional railway manger (DRM) Brijesh Dixit in the first half of December 2011. Another announcement was made in January regarding the upgradation of Ajni railway station. However, three months down the line work has not even started for the projects to be completed in six months.At that time it was promised that the renovation of eastern entrance will commence in two months and all the work will be finished within six months.The works supposed to come up on the Cotton Market side of the station included 120m long facade integrating all offices on the eastern entrance, a big orange and murals depicting the city and its character, a covered porch, cattle guards and so on. All this was to make Nagpur railway station a world class one. However, three-and-a-half months after announcing the renovation, no work has begun in that direction yet.PD Patil, public relations officer (PRO), Central Railways said, \"The ground breaking ceremony of the work at Ajni railway station was performed around 15 days back by the DRM. The tendering process for the work on the eastern side of the Nagpur railway station has recently been completed. We expect the work to commence within the next 20 days,\"He added that various processes for starting the work like survey of the area, cost estimation and the tendering process took time, and hence the renovation work hadn't started. \"The foundation work at Ajni is on, we have moved the GRP and other offices to make way for the work,\" Patil said.The main reason for the beautification of the eastern entrance was to ease congestion on the western, or the more popularly called, main gate. The upgradation will also help remove the 'unsafe' tag of the eastern entrance of the station, which now is infamous for encroachments and unauthorized vendors causing inconvenience to passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498511", "title": "Norway: Kids' custody for uncle likely on April 17", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Stavanger Court's decision likely on April 17, the kids of the NRI couple - who are with Norwegian childcare agency - may be handed over to their uncle Arunabhas Bhattacharya on that day itself.The children - Abhigyan, 3 and Aishwarya, 1 - are expected to reach Kolkata by the third week of April, as their uncle's visa expires on April 20.Though the uncle will be responsible for their upkeep the main care giver, their parents can also visit them. The children had been with the childcare agency since May 2011, as there was improper care at home. Now, they are with a foster care family and are living without any visa as it expired in March. Their parents did not renew their visas when it was asked by the child care agency.Meanwhile, their mother Sagarika Chakraborty has returned to Kolkata. Sagarika, before leaving Norway , had signed an agreement along with her husband Anurup giving custody of their children to their uncle Arunabhas. Sagarika told TOI that she was unwilling to give custody of her children to their uncle till they turn 18.The Norwegian child care agency has now recommended that the uncle be given custody of the two children.Already for making Arunabhas ready to handle the children better, the childcare agency had arranged regular meetings between the children and their uncle.Once the uncle gets custody of the children, following the approval of the court on April 17, he can come back to India with the kids.Earlier, the court had decided to hear the case on March 23 but it was postponed as there was conflict among the parents, according to a press release issued by the Norwegian childcare agency. Sagarika's father Monotosh Chakraborty had complained that Anurup had beaten up Sagarika and driven her out of home.The Norwegian agency had also said that there was a conflict between the kids' mother and uncle and both refused to mutually reach a solution.Gunnar Toresen, head of the Child Welfare Service in Stavanger, said: \"The uncle is concerned about the validity of the agreement in India. After talks with the uncle, it has been found that he is ready to take care of the children. The uncle promised for providing sufficient support and care for the children in India.\"Arunabhas will have to arrange medical treatment for Abhigyan, who is suffering from attachment disorder, and also look after his studies. Anurup, father of Abhigyan, has agreed to bear expenses for all treatment. The boy will be treated in a hospital on Bypass by a paediatrician, once he is back to Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12499741", "title": "Cruise vessel calls at port", "text": "MANGALORE: Giant luxury cruise vessel MV Brilliance of the Seas of Royal Caribbean International called at New Mangalore Port on April 1 marking the first visit by a cruise vessel this fiscal. She is a radiance-class ship that combines sleek swiftness, panoramic vistas, and wide-open spaces in the world. She is the largest cruise vessel ever to be handled at the port. The vessel has a length of 196 m with 1962 passengers and 860 crew.About 1,600 passengers opted for ground tour arranged by local tour operators. The passengers visited various tourist locations like cashew processing units, the 1,000 pillar temple, monolithic statue of Lord Bahubali, Soans Farm, St Aloysius Chapel, Kadri Temple, Sri Gokarnanatha Temple, Pilikula, Summer Sands and Ullal.P Tamilvanan, chairman along with S Gopalakrishna, traffic manager and other officers of the port received the vessel and presented a flower bouquet to the captain of the vessel. The vessel left the port in the evening and went to Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12498952", "title": "Initiative to inspire students belong to slums takes off", "text": "BHOPAL: The MANIT Student Chapter of Institute of Electrical Electronics Engineers, USA (IEEE) conducted ARAMBH -\"an initiative to innovate\" at Rahul Nagar slums on Saturday.Mohit of the IEEE MANIT chapter said, \"This is in continuation of the last semester's social initiative which found a place at the IEEE Region 10 newsletter of the Asia Pacific region. It is a matter of great pride for us.\"\"ARAMBH is an initiative to inspire the students of underprivileged sections of society, who at times give up studies due to lack of opportunities,\" he said.Students were taught to make low-cost science models, to learn about science in daily life and understand the basic underlying principles. The event began with motivational videos and stories of scientists like CV Raman and A P J Abdul Kalam .Students were also asked to operate the models themselves and tell what they inferred, in a \"learn by doing\" approach. Presentations and talks were made quite interactive and every IEEE member tried his best to boost their morale so as to bring out the budding engineers in them. The event was concluded by the doubt clearance session where explanations were given by the IEEE members to the questions raised by the slum children.Presentations on total internal reflection and working of a motor were demonstrated during the programme. Other processes were also demonstrated which underlined the concepts and principles of science and technology.Around 30 slum children belonging to class IX and XI attended the event which was organised by the IEEE members. More schools in and around Bhopal would be covered in the future, according to the coordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498130", "title": "Rebels unite to wreck BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is going to be a tough municipal election for BJP as it battles the enemy within. Nearly 25 rebel councillors and party workers have joined hands to wreck BJP's return to MCD. They are all contesting as independents and want to send a strong message to the party high command. And these rebels are helping each other in their campaigns.\"We want educated people to be a part of the new corporations. BJP has given to tickets to several candidates who have no knowledge about the role of MCD and its functioning,'' said Jagdish Mamgain, sitting councillor from Kasturba Nagar and chairman of MCD's works committee. He recently resigned from BJP after he was denied a ticket. Mamgain has got together all these rebel councillors and party workers, and is helping them plan their campaigns.\"All of them are deserving candidates. Though all of them are contesting as independents, they want to cut into the BJP votebank and win the polls. All candidates are helping each other in campaigning,'' said Mamgain. On Sunday, these candidates began their campaign after they allotted the symbol by the Delhi State Election Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499407", "title": "ATM robbery attempt fails, machine damaged", "text": "JAIPUR: Some unidentified miscreants attempted to break open the ATM of a nationalized bank containing Rs 10.50 lakh in Shyam Nagar's Devi Nagar in the wee hours of Sunday. They had damaged the monitor and other parts completely. However, they could not break the box containing cash. After failing to open it, they left. The robbery attempt came to light around 8 am on Sunday.The incident has once again put the police on alert after a series of similar attempts at several districts in the state. CCTV footages from the ATM are being scanned to ascertain the identity of the robbers.According to the police, the attempt took place at the ATM of United Bank of India situated at Devi Nagar turn on New Sanganer Road.\"During preliminary investigation it has come up that the attempt was made after 1 am on Sunday. Some unidentified men tried to break open the ATM using iron rods and other cutters,\" said additional deputy commissioner of police, south, Karan Sharma .The robbers managed to completely damage the monitor and the top part of the ATM. \"However, they could not succeed in breaking open the box which contained the cash. After failing to do so, they left,\" said Sharma.He added that the police was informed about the robbery attempt around 8 am. \"A team was immediately rushed there. The forensic examination of the spot was also conducted. We have got definitive clues about the robbers and hope to crack the case soon,\" said the officer.He said that the ATM was unguarded. On February 11, some men had tried to melt the door of an ATM of State Bank of India (SBI) in Hasanpura area. A part of the machine caught fire following which the burglars had to stop their bid mid-way and escape. The same gang was successful in their second attempt at an ATM at Madanganj-Kishangarh area in Ajmer district and stole Rs 26 lakh from the ATM of State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) at Makrana Junction the next night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498630", "title": "2 youths attack man in Sector 19 market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama was witnessed when an old rivalry turned ugly with two youths attacking a man and damaging his car in the busy Sector 19, market on late Sunday. According to sources in the police both, accused and alleged victim, were taken to the Sector-16 hospital for medical examination.The youths attacked the victim with baseball bats and only when the police reached the spot that the situation was brought under control.\"The incident caused a huge traffic jam. Two cars even banged into each other trying to catch a glimpse of the drama,\" said Vinod Sharma, a resident of Sector 19, Chandigarh. He added, \"The victim was thrashed so badly that he started bleeding.\"Though, the victim received head injuries, his condition is said to be stable now.\"We have not received any complaint from either of the parties involved. Preliminary investigations suggest that it's a case of old rivalry and their medical examination is on. Both the parties are yet to be identified and we are probing the matter,\" said station house officer of Sector-19 police station, Harjeet Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499805", "title": "A \u2018holiday week\u2019 for govt employees", "text": "KOCHI: A 'week of holidays' is ahead for various government offices. Though there will be official holydays only on Thursday and Friday, the services in government offices are most likely to be hit all through the week due to staff crunch.Many officials, especially those hailing from other districts, have already gone on leave. \"Many employees in my office are on leave on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. In effect, the functions of the office will be hit this week,'' said Joseph, a government employee.In the wake of holidays, people in the cities like Kochi are on a purchasing spree. But the shop owners are unable to make maximum out of it due increase in the price for essential commodities.\"People do not purchase commodities on a large scale. The prices of almost all essentials have gone up. So, consumers make only a minimal purchase,'' said K B Jamal, a merchant in Kochi.However, the sales of liquor is learnt to have gone up for the last few days. \"Maybe, it is because of the boozers buying liquor for using it during celebrations. Normally, the days preceding festivals register a hike in sales,'' an employee in the Bevco outlet in Kochi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12497896", "title": "Ministry for minorities misses targets once again", "text": "The financial year 2011-12 drew to a close on March 31 and the Union ministry of minority affairs (Moma) seems to have missed the targets for the second year in a row. The Union finance ministry had made an allocation of Rs 2,850 crore for Moma for Plan expenditure in the 2011-12 budget and the revised estimate was pegged at Rs 2,750 crore. However, the actual expenditure during the year has missed even this revised target.The shortfall in the actual expenditure vis-a-vis the budgetary allocations in 2011-12 is certainly a matter of concern, considering the fact that the dismal performance of Moma in the previous year 2010-11 had drawn flak from the standing committee on social justice &amp; empowerment. In its 17th report, relating to Moma, the committee chaired by Dara Singh Chauhan and comprising 30 other MPs, had expressed its displeasure over non-utilization of allocated funds in 2010-11 financial year.The committee said it was \"unhappy to note that funds to the tune of Rs. 587.70 crore were surrendered by the ministry during the year 2010-11 which far exceed the amounts surrendered by it during 2008-09 and 2009-10 i.e. Rs. 33.63 crore and Rs. 31.50 crore respectively. While the committee understood that the ministry had to surrender funds under four new schemes which could not be launched and implemented during the year 2010-11 due to non-approval of these schemes by the Planning Commission, it had failed to understand as to why huge amount of funds were surrendered under several ongoing schemes.\"The committee was \"not convinced by the routine reasons cited by the ministry in this regard that adequate/viable/complete proposals were not received from some of the states/union territories including north-eastern states because it felt that MsDP, being the flagship programme of the ministry, every effort should have been made to utilize the funds by approving the plans of all the districts on time.\"Similarly, the committee felt that, \"since the popularity of the scheme of pre-matric scholarship, post-matric scholarship and merit-cum-means scholarship had picked up and these schemes were doing better during the previous two financial years, the slow progress of the implementation of these schemes during the year 2010-11 should have been avoided by taking up special steps and addressing the issue of non-utilization well on time.\" In view of the fact that still higher allocation had been projected under each of these schemes in the 2011-12 budget, the committee had recommended the ministry to review the status of fund utilization by states at regular interval, persuade the slow performing states to utilize the funds, guide and urge the states to send the proposals well on time for full utilization of scholarship slots and also fix some accountability on states/UTs so that surrender of funds could be avoided.But, if the trends available with regard to the first nine months (April to December 2011) are any indication, the recommendations to Moma apparently fell on deaf ears. As against the Plan allocation of Rs 2,850 crore for the financial year 2011-12, the actual expenditure booked till December 2011 was only Rs 1,409 crore (49 per cent achievement in nine-month period). It was well-neigh impossible for the ministry to spend 51 per cent of the allocated funds in the last three months of the financial year.For this reason, while presenting the Union Budget for 2012-13, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee projected revised estimate of Rs 2,750 crore for Moma for 2011-12 and effected a modest increase in the allocation for 2012-13 budget. The Moma's plan allocation in the 2012-13 budget is only Rs 3,135 crore though the ministry had sought Rs 4,000 crore. The increase works out to Rs 285 crore compared to budget estimate and Rs 385 crore vis-a-vis revised estimate for 2010-11 financial year.For the merit-cum-means, pre-matric and post-matric scholarship schemes, the allocation in 2012-13 has been increased to Rs 1,458 crore, as against budget and revised estimate of Rs 1,190 crore in 2011-12. The actual expenditure on these three schemes came to Rs 980 crore by the end of February 2012, indicating that the ministry might not achieve the target of booking cent per cent expenditure during the year 2011-12.During the 11th five-year plan, Moma was allocated Rs 7,000 crore in the plan but the government had raised the allocations to Rs 8,690 crore. The actual expenditure might be around Rs 7,000 crore, indicating a shortfall or non-utilization of funds to the tune of Rs 1,690 crore in a five-year period. Those at the helm of Moma need to do some soul-searching for routinely missing their targets.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12498232", "title": "Jagan Reddy takes potshots at CBI", "text": "GUNTUR: A day after the CBI filed a chargesheet against him for amassing assets through a quid pro quo route, a desperate Jaganmohan Reddy tried to turn the tables on the investigation agency by alleging that it lacked transparency in the probe.In a calculated attempt to turn the illegal assets case into a political battle despite facing serious criminal charges, Jagan hurled 'counter' charges on the central probe agency at a public meeting at Gorantla village on the outskirts of Guntur on Sunday.Analysts said Jagan's game plan is clear: Show the CBI in poor light among the masses and deflect the attention from him though faced with serious charges in the disproportionate assets case. \"His plan is to gain as much political mileage and public sympathy as he can and portray it as a witch-hunt against him and his family,\" a political analyst said. In his first reaction after he was chargesheeted in the case, Jagan made serious attempts to gain public sympathy here on Sunday by stating that the CBI was deliberately victimizing his family for parting ways with the Congress.Jagan went on the offensive charging the central and state governments, CBI and the Telugu Desam Party with trying to brand a leader like Y S Rajasekhara Reddy a corrupt administrator. Incidentally, it was for the first time that Jagan had reacted directly on the charges probed by the CBI against him in the last nine months since the agency first slapped the case.CBI, in its chargesheet, filed in the special court slapped charges against Jagan under sections 120B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant or merchant or banker or agent) and 477 (fraudulent destruction of will, authority or public documents).According to highly-placed sources, Jagan held confabulations with his legal advisers and close political aides before bursting out against the CBI at the public meeting.Lashing out at the CBI, Jagan sought to know as to why CBI did not probe the 'freebies' handed out by other governments for industrial promotion.Y security for CBI joint chiefWithin a day after CBI filling the chargesheet in the Y S Jaganmohan Reddy assets case, police have provided 'Y` category security to the investigating agency's joint director (JD) V V Lakshminarayana. Lakshminarayana has been supervising investigation into several high-profile cases, including Jagan assets, Emmar and Satyam scams, OMC illegal mining and the Sohrabuddin fake encounter. As part of the 'Y' category security detail, Lakshminarayana would be provided a bullet proof car and 2+2 armed security. Police security would also be made available at his residence and office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498903", "title": "UT now plans to move Motor Market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In its attempt to decongest the city, UT administration has come up with another grand plan and decided to move the Motor Market from its current location in Sector 28. This despite the fact that its previous attempts at shifting the Sunday car bazaar, Grain and vegetable market and Timber market from Madhya Marg have failed miserably.Optimistic that this time the plan would work, UT architecture department has identified an alternate location for the motor market in Industrial Area-Phase II citing that it is \"devoid of daily needs and does not fulfill the actual concept of neighbourhood market.\" A UT official said provision for shifting markets is being made in the master plan and work will begin shortly on the projects.However, the idea has already stirred up opposition among traders. Rajan Brar, who operates from the Motor Market in Sector 28 said instead of relocating the market, the administration should take steps to provide more facilities to traders so that they can serve their clients better.Earlier, the weekly car bazaar was to be shifted from Sector 7 to Hallomajra and after a trial run in November 2009, it was decided that proper facilities will be provided at the five-acre site for the benefit of dealers, however, car dealers also rejected the idea and the project was not followed up. \"There was space for only 250 cars at the new location as opposed to 1,100 cars that are put on sale in Sector 7,\" said Rakesh Sharma of Car Bazaar Association.The decision to move the car bazaar was taken after receiving complaints from showroom owners in Sector 7, who pointed out that the weekly market was affecting their businesses as some cars were parked there on week days also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502037", "title": "Ibsen Scholarships, 2012", "text": "The Ibsen Scholarships award innovative projects in the field of drama and performing arts and projects that act as incentives for critical discourse with regards to existential and society-related subject matter concerning Henrik Ibsen and his plays.\"The Ibsen Scholarships were initiated by the Norwegian government in 2008. This is the fifth year for the scholarships. Till now, 15 scholarships across 11 countries have been handed out. From India, only one project was awarded in 2008 and we are hoping to receive exciting project applications from India this year,\" said Hilde Guri Bohlin, head of Ibsen Awards, Norway.No particular country or continent has dominated the awards so far. In 2011 however, three projects, one each in Sudan, South Africa and one in Lebanon , were awarded in Africa, informed Bohlin.The Ibsen Scholarships are awarded annually and project submissions are subject to scrutiny by a jury. The total fund of the scholarship is approximately 1,000,000 NOK (approximately euro 1,30,000/US$ 1,70,000) for projects worldwide, to individuals, organisations or institutions within the artistic and cultural community.The winners of The Ibsen Scholarships 2012 will be presented the awards at the International Ibsen Conference from September 10 - 11 at Skien, Norway, the home town of Henrik Ibsen.The deadline for applications is April 30.(www.ibsenawards.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498112", "title": "After aviation tax, EU mulls carbon levy on shipping", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a carbon tax was levied on aviation by the European Union (EU), the government is now preparing for a possible trade war with the European Commission (EC) imposing a similar tax on shipping business as well. The move can increase freight rates by 3%-15%.With EU mulling a tax on the shipping industry that will impose a levy based on carbon emissions on ships entering European waters, the Indian government has prepared a policy document to examine impacts of such a move and list measures to retaliate what it sees as a unilateral move.The government has also asked aviation sector players in India not to communicate with EU on the carbon tax it has imposed. The decision was taken after official meetings, with the aviation ministry now empowered to take progressively stronger steps to block the EU decision.EU had demanded that airlines flying into European airspace start providing data that would allow regulators to measure the carbon imprint of the flights and levying taxes at the end of the year. Sources in the government said Indian airlines were being asked to ensure that regulations against the government policy are not accepted.India, along with other key countries, like China, Brazil, the US and Russia had agreed to a basket of actions against EU if the latter does not back off. The committee of secretaries agreed to take those measures in sequential manner upgrading the offensive against EU.India has argued that imposition of carbon tax on aviation or maritime activity must adhere to the principles agreed to under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. That would ensure that it is the manufacturers of inefficient craft that are taxed for emissions and not consumers.China has also asked its airline services to not adhere to the European regulations on carbon tax. There has also been speculation of a Chinese airline cancelling orders from the European manufacturer leading to heightened tension in the markets about an all out trade-war breaking out. India's move to also restrict its airlines from participating in the European carbon tax scheme is expected to add fuel to the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499136", "title": "Better water management need of the hour: Experts", "text": "PUNE: Political leaders and activists said on Sunday that better water management is required in the city and that the metered water system was necessary to deal with water problems. The leaders also said that an all-party committee is needed to finalise a policy for water management.Leaders including Bharatiya Janata Party MLA Girish Bapat, Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe, Nationalist Congress Party spokesperson Ankush Kakade, general secretary of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena Anil Shidore, Congress leader in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) Arvind Shinde, president of the Sajag Nagrik Manch Vivek Velankar, founder of the Nagari Chetana Manch Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd) shared the dais at a discussion organised by city-based organisation Srujan. The topic of discussion was 'Where has the water of Pune gone?' The discussion was organised in the backdrop of the existing water shortage and water cuts.Bapat and Gorhe said the current problem is the result of a wrong distribution system, wherein political leaders diverted water to rural areas of the district for political benefits. This, they said, had led to the shortage in city areas.\"The manual operation of water distribution is the root cause for the current problems. Operators of the pipelines were forced by ruling party leaders to supply water to rural areas, leading to an uneven distribution of water,\" Bapat said.The state not having a policy to deal with water problems was the reason behind the crisis, Gorhe said. \"Many resolutions were passed in the state assembly to resolve the issue, but the ruling parties failed to implement the measures at the grassroots level.\"The city has been facing water cuts since March 1 due to the lack of water availability. Only three TMC water will be supplied from the four major dams in the district to the city till July 15.Velankar said the ruling parties were aware about the likely water problems, but did not disclose the facts to the citizens. \"It was clear in December 2011 that the city might face a water shortage. But water cuts were declared only in March. We fear that political parties did not present the truth to avoid any public unrest during the recently held municipal elections.\"Stressing on the need for long-term planning, Shidore said a slew of short-term measures are also required and that the PMC should publish a white paper on water management. \"The paper should not be a formality, it should list all the measures the PMC will take over the next three years to deal with water problems. Elected representatives should keep a constant check on the progress and see that the works are actually implemented.\"According to Shinde, water thefts are an important reason for the shortage. \"Due to the lack of a metered water system, it is very difficult to pin point where and why water is being supplied. All the figures are approximate, which is why it is very essential to have water meters in place.\" He said that at present, water supply has been curtailed as per the availability of water in the dams till July 15. However, long-term planning is needed in the future to handle such water crises.Meanwhile, Jatar said the previous experience (in 2000) of installing water meters in the city had not been good. \"Many complaints were raised about wrong billing and meter thefts. We need a planned and flawless water meter system for the city.\"Replying to questions raised by panelists, Kakade said an inquiry should be initiated into why water cuts were not declared earlier. \"Our political leaders had given a clear hint of water cuts to the authorities concerned. But if the people in charge did not act, it is their fault. The political leadership should not be blamed for the wrong decisions of the civic authorities. Meanwhile, we will look into why the water cuts were not declared earlier and an inquiry into this matter should be initiated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499735", "title": "Kerala State Women's Commission remains headless", "text": "KOCHI: Even while complaints by aggrieved women pile up for action, Kerala State Women's Commission (KSWC) has been remaining headless for a month. Though the Congress had announced the name of the KSWC chairperson along with the heads of 22 other boards last month, the government couldn't ensure that the chairperson assumed charge on time, thanks to the tug of war between the party and government.On February 16, KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala had announced that Congress leader and former MLA from Wayanad K C Rosakkutty would be the chairperson of the women's action forum. According to the state government, it is the delay in declaring the members of the Commission that stand in the way of reconstituting the body. ''Some of the constituents in the UDF have not given the names of their members so far. That's why are unable to issue the notification in this regard,'' M K Muneer, Minister for Panchayats and Social Welfare told TOI.But at the same time, the heads of boards like the Kerala State Women's Development Corporation, KTDC and the Kerala Khadi and Village Industries Board (KKVIB) assumed charge despite the fact that their members are yet to be finalised. The UDF constituents like Kerala Congress (M) and Muslim League are learnt to have declared their nominees. Noorbina Rashid and Lissie Jose are the nominees of Muslim League and Kerala Congress (M) respectively. Of the total five members including the chairperson, the names of two members including one SC/ST nominee are to be declared by the Congress.According to sources, the designated chairperson K C Rosakutty held a meeting with Chief Minister Oommen Chandy the other day.While the members of the Women's Commission appointed by the former LDF Government resigned immediately after the assembly elections' results in favour of the UDF, Justice D Sridevi, head of the Commission, continued in the office till the completion of her tenure on February 29.With the Congress failing to announce the members of the new governing body, the Social Welfare department is planning to issue notification authorizing Roasakkuty as chairperson. But the state cabinet should give its stamp for issuing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12497974", "title": "Man murders friend over money", "text": "A scrap vendor allegedly strangled his friend to death on Sunday after suspecting that he had been robbed of Rs 300 by the latter. The victim has been identified as Narahari, 45, of Sri Ram Nagar in Alwal. The incident occurred at 4.30 am. Narahari was walking towards the Balaji Nagar bus stop to have tea when he noticed his friend Shankar Naik, 55, on the pavement , dozing in an inebriated state. But as Narahari passed him, Naik woke up and quickly checked his pockets to conclude that he was short of Rs 300.He caught Narahari and charged him with having stolen the money from him. \"Even as he tried to explain that he had nothing to do with the cash, Naik dragged him towards an iron beam and, using a towel tied around it, began to throttle him. Narahari died on the spot,\" Alwal inspector B Pushpan Kumar said. Police nabbed Naik later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502152", "title": "Youth on call", "text": "The Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) played host to the India Youth Forum organised by the International Youth Time Movement, which held its first international youth conference recently. Students and delegates from 34 countries including France, Italy, Latvia, Nepal, Hungary, Germany, Egypt, Qatar, among others, participated in the conference. Students from different disciplines from across the world took part in round table sessions and discussions on active youth participation in public life. A large number of students from JNU too attended the conference.The conference began with a speech by Imran Mukhtarov, representative of the ministry of education, Azerbaijan . In the opening session, Sam Pitroda, advisor to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, Vladimir Yakunin , president, Russian Railways, S K Sopory, vice-chancellor, JNU, and Petra Matjakovic, co- founder, Youth Time International Movement, discussed the relevance of open dialogues among youth to bring about awareness and change in key social and cultural aspects.Speaking on the role of youth in a changing society, Yakunin said, \"It is crucial that the youth is provided with an environment that offers opportunities, takes care of their health, education and safety. I believe India is a strong emerging country and it will grow in the way its youth competes with the rest of the world.\"Highlighting the challenges facing the youth in the country, Pitroda said, \"I see India on its way of becoming one of the youngest countries. But the youth today is confronted with challenges arising of changing job markets, technological advances, increasing influence of popular culture, climate change and changing family and social structures. Hence, it is our responsibility to empower the young with skills that help build flexibility to navigate their way through these challenges.\"The forum also saw round tables on subjects like young family and values, environment, education, social media, and participation of youth in public life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12499909", "title": "Earn less than 8 lakh? Your tax will go up", "text": "There is more bad news for taxpayers disappointed by the budget. Not only has the finance minister kept the taxsaving limit under Section 80C unchanged, but the deduction under Section 80CCF for infrastructure bonds has been removed. This will reduce the total tax saving from the current 1.2 lakh to 1 lakh and push up the payable tax for individuals.Introduced two years ago, the deduction has to be extended every year through an amendment. Tax experts had feared the worst when the finance minister did not mention it in his budget speech this year. Finance Ministry sources now confirm that the 20,000 deduction has been allowed to lapse this year.Admittedly, the change will not impact those with an income of less than 5-6 lakh a year. The taxpayers in this segment usually did not invest in infrastructure bonds in a big way because the tax benefit is lower for this slab. In many cases, these taxpayers failed to exhaust even their 1 lakh deduction limit under Section 80C.However, for investors with an income of up to 8 lakh, the scrapping of Section 80CCF means that they will have to pay up to 2,060 more tax next year. It will be tougher for female taxpayers, but the most severe blow is reserved for senior citizens and very senior citizens. These taxpayers will end up paying almost 4,120 more as tax (see Small taxpayers... ). Add the impact of the hike in service tax and you will see a bigger slice of your income going as taxes next year.Curiously, the removal of the deduction coincides with the government's proposal to increase the funds to be raised by infrastructure lenders in 2012-13 . This limit has been doubled to 60,000 crore. This is the reason experts believe that the deduction should have been allowed to continue. Besides, it comes at a time when the government needs to raise money for the cash-starved infrastructure sector . According to a statement by Assocham secretary-general DS Rawat, \"It is a blow to individual investors as it will actually push up their tax burden. The deduction should be restored immediately.\"From deduction to exemptionDon't spend too much time worrying about the scrapped tax deduction . Instead, think about the exemption you can avail of through the tax-free infrastructure bonds. Unlike the tax-saving bonds under Section 80CCF, these bonds will not cut your tax outgo. However, the interest they earn will be tax-free . The interest earned on Section 80CCF bonds is fully taxable, which reduces the post-tax yield for investors . Also, the tax has to be paid every year, not on the maturity of the bond.On the other hand, the income from tax-free infrastructure bonds is fully exempted. What's more, unlike the 20,000 ceiling in the taxsaving bonds, there is no limit to the amount that a retail investor can park in these bonds. \"While the tax-saving bonds under Section 80CCF gave better returns, even tax-free infrastructure bonds are a good option for investors in the highest income bracket,\" says Kamal Rampuria, senior vice-president , AUM Capital Market.As our calculation shows (see table on the right), there is only a marginal 300 difference in the net post-tax income for taxpayers in the 10% slab. The difference increases in the 20% slab and becomes significant in the 30% tax bracket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504664", "title": "Arjun Rampal collaborating with Percept for music fest", "text": "Arjun Rampal, who got international pop icon Lady Gaga to perform in India last year, is collaborating with Percept Ltd to create a music festival in major cities, sources say. The ambitious venture is called Lost.\"Arjun and Shailendra Singh of Percept have brainstormed over months, working out the details of the music festival property. It will be modelled on the Glastonbury Festival in Somerset, UK. Artists and musicians of the stature of Elton John , U2, Madonna and Prince and Britney Spears and Rihanna are expected to come to India for the Lost festival,\" said a source.Why Lost?\"Because Arjun and Shailendra felt that music lovers in India need a platform where they are lost to gain a sense of musical liberation,\" said the source.Lost is expected to kickstart in the second half of the year. The music festival is being planned on a sprawling 30-acre stretch of land.\"Arjun and Percept want to create the largest most keenly-attended music festival in India. They start with the first concert in Mumbai and then proceed to have three festivals each year in different cities of the world...\"The idea is to bring the best musical talents from the world to India. Arjun has already started creating a bank of potential performers. The success of the Gaga concert last year has truly encouraged Arjun. He feels it's time India acquired a global image for cultural and musical events,\" said the source.The deal is expected to be officially announced next week.Arjun and Singh remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12497846", "title": "Turmeric ryots hit as prices plunge sharply", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Turmeric cultivators have been well-nigh undone by the sharp dip in prices of the commodity which, over the last couple of years, have plummeted to Rs 4,000 per quintal from a high Rs 16,000 per quintal.But while farmers are blaming the government for its failure to offer a minimum support price (MSP) by controlling traders, agriculture scientists are finding fault with cultivators for making unnecessary investments on the crop.L Kishan Reddy, coordinator of the District Agriculture Advisory and Training Centre, said farmers could easily bring down costs by Rs 25,000 for each cultivated acre had they followed farming techniques devised by them.Referring to an experiment conducted by the centre on an acre of land in Chinnapur village, Kishan said that instead of spending huge sums on compost, farmers should go for a peepal tree powder and vermin mix which costs only Rs 8,000.\"Instead, they spend Rs 30,000 on cattle compost to get good yield when they can get the same yield with peepal tree powder,\" he said.Kishan said that they had obtained 30 quintals of the best-quality turmeric by spending Rs 66,500 behind cultivation of the acre plot.\"Farmers get a mere 20 quintals from an acre using traditional compost, for which they pay Rs 93,500,\" he said.But farmers said it was not possible to replicate laboratory results in the fields.\"We would suffer more losses if we were to follow the methods suggested by agricultural scientists,\" said Munipalli turmeric farmer S Gangadhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499831", "title": "Shastri death not probed properly: Ex-president aide", "text": "CHENNAI: The death in 1966 of India's second Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri in Tashkent in the erstwhile Soviet Union was not properly investigated and remains a mystery , P Murari , a former secretary to the President , said here.Speaking at the release of a book, 'Diplomacy : Indian Style' authored by former Indian Ambassador to Italy , K P Fabian at the Madras Book Club on Saturday , Murari said he was making this point as the writer had not touched on the subject even as he had dealt with Shastri's foreign policy initiatives and the parleys with Pakistan President Ayub Khan at Tashkent .The peace talks in Tashkent were brokered by the Russians after the 1965 war butdespite gaining territory and taking a large number of Pakistani prisoners , India had frittered away the advantage at the meet , Fabian has said in the book. Murari said perhaps due to the sensitive nature of the issue and circumstances prevailing then , Shastri's untimely demise and circumstances surrounding it, were not probed thoroughly .Shastri had reportedly died following a heart attack . Murari , who is the President of the Indo-A merican chamber of commerce here , expressed the view that there was a similar mystery surrounding thedeathof US President John F Kennedy .Talking to TOI, Fabian said \"as far as general knowledge goes , Murari is quite rightthatthereisstill a mystery around Shastri's demise and we don't know what really happened and can not say anything with authority\".Fabian said his book was primarily aimed at young people , under 35 or around that age to give them an idea as to how India took foreign policy decisions , decisions flawed by belief in the text of agreements rather than the context of talks and the importance of recognizing mistakes and learning from them . He said following the principles of state craft expounded by Mauryan era strategist Chanakya , particularly his doctrine that among the many neighbouring coutries there will be some natural enemies , India would be wiser to base its foreign policy decisions on \"actions of both Pakistan and China\" . Former bureaucrat and UN civil servant B S Raghavan , who released the book, lamented that a high calibre leader like Shastri had a short life. \"If only God had given him time to live , he would have been the best Prime Minister as he did not believe in playing by the copybook ,\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497399", "title": "Demanding fare hike, auto drivers threaten strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the hike in CNG prices from Sunday, various associations of autorickshaw drivers in the city have threatened to go on strike if their demands are not met soon. The Ahmedabad Auto Rickshaw Chalak Sangharsh Samiti has demanded a hike in fare or a suitable subsidy in the CNG prices for them.Similarly, Gujarat State Autorickshaw Drivers Action Committee has also threatened to go on strike if their demand to remove value added tax (VAT) on CNG for autorickshaw in Ahmedabad and Vadodara are not fulfilled.Samiti president Harihar Mishra said, \"We will be meeting state transport commissioner J P Gupta to submit our memorandum on Monday. We will go on a strike if our demands are not met soon.\"The Samiti has demanded that the minimum fare be hiked to Rs 15 which is Rs 11 at present. The members will also put forth their another demand to allow them to charge Rs 10 per unit of luggage if the luggage exceeds 10 kg. The drivers are also demanding that the calculation of cost of CNG at filling stations should be rounded up into rupees as there is always a shortage of change.\"As an alternative to these demands we are appealing the government to provide subsidy in CNG for autorikshaw drivers so that we don't have to increase the passenger fares,\" said Mishra. Similarly, the Committee has also demanded to remove the VAT on CNG specially for autorickshaws in Ahmedabad and Vadodara. The leaders of the committee Ashok Punjabi, Mustaq Ahmed Shaikh and J M Sardar said that the recent hike in CNG price has been phenomenally high and has threatened that the Committee will go on strike if the government fails to find a solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499285", "title": "'Bihar doesn't need special status'", "text": "PATNA: Adviser to the Prime Minister on pubic information, infrastructure and innovations, Sam Pitroda, on Sunday, said Bihar does not need special category status to help it woo private investment as the state has sufficient resources to develop on its own.\"Everybody is asking for special assistance, including states like West Bengal, Assam, Kerala and Bihar,\" Pitroda told newsmen here.It is not possible for the Centre to meet such demands from all states as it has its own limitations, he said.Referring to Bihar's contention that special category status would bring in private investment for industrial development, he said inve-stors have a lot of options to set up industrial units across the country.Investors take decision on setting up industrial units depending on the availability of various resources and infrastructure.To a question about his roadmap for development in Bihar, Pitroda said he was not in a position to advise the state government but would be happy to make suggestions, if asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12499650", "title": "Chamarajanagar boy goes missing", "text": "MYSORE: A ninth standard student of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) in Madhya Pradesh has gone missing while travelling in a train. According to his parents K S Mallesh, a labourer, and Uma - who live in Kuberu village of Chamarajanagar, their 14-year son K M Darshan is missing since March 30 while coming by Jaipur-Mysore Express along with 22 other students.Uma on Sunday said that her son studied higher primary classes and VIII Std at JNV in Vandrabalu village in Chamarajanagar. As is the policy of JNV, he had been sent to JNV in Madhya Pradesh to pursue IX Std along with other students. \"The school authorities informed us about his going missing. He is good in academics. We don't know his whereabouts,\" she said, failing to hold back tears.\"Twenty days ago, he called me to say that he has prepared well for exams. That was his last call,\" she added.Chamarajanagar SP P Rajendra Prasad said teachers who were escorting the students had seen Darshan sleeping in the train at 11pm on March 29. The SP said the boy may have gone missing 7am on March 30, when the train reached Ananthapuram in Andhra Pradesh.The railway department has been informed about the case, and two police officers have been deployed to co-ordinate with the department to trace the boy. In case anyone comes across the boy or gets any information on him, they can call Uma on 9141617052.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498918", "title": "Hot and sunny days ahead", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sunny days and clear sky will keep the mercury rising in the coming week with the met department predicting a comparatively hotter week ahead. However, Monday has been stated to be the cloudiest day of the week.According to weathermen temperature started rising Wednesday onwards and since then has risen by nearly 1.6 degrees celsius, everyday.While on March 30 the temperature was 30 degrees celsius, on Sunday the temperature rose to 35.4 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12499041", "title": "Indian Institute of Technology (Indore) fest from April 5", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT-I) will organize a three-day cultural cum technical fest from Thursday.The fest will see a series of events including workshops on robotics and 3D animation. Students from various cities across the country will participate in the events.In the technical segment, the institute will host 'The road to rutas'. It will be a techno-management industry simulation strategy event where teams will apply their technological and managerial skills to solve industrial problem. Robo race and LAN gaming competition are also on chart of the event.Seven bands from different cities will also compete for the ultimate musical glory. To set the stage on fire, the night will also see performance of Indus Creed band. \"An online photography competition on three different themes, treasure hunt and some other leisure time activities such as street soccer, bull's eye will also be a part of the event,\" Jwalant Shah, one of the organizers of the event, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499873", "title": "Buildings to go blue on World Autism Day", "text": "CHENNAI: Several landmarks in the city including the Ripon Buildings, Madras Race Club, Boat Club and Sathyam Cinemas will be lit up in blue to mark World Autism Awareness Day on Monday.April 2 was declared as World Autism Awareness Day in 2008 by a resolution passedin the United Nations General Assembly to create awareness about Autism.\"Since then , the autism community worldwide observes 'Light it up Blue,' on this day whereby landmarks across the world turn their lights blue to create awareness about Autism ,\" says Gita Srikanth , director of We CAN, a city-based NGO that works with people with Autism.Some of the other buildings that will be lit up on the occasion include the Apollo Speciality Hospitals in Nandanam , Savera Hotels, Anokhi and Currimbhoys in Adyar.India joined the campaign last year and important city landmarks had participated by going blue. World over , important buildings such as the Empire State building in New York , the Opera House in Sydney , the Christ the Redeemer Statue in Rio de Janeiro take part in the campaign every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12498185", "title": "Nala work delay may add to monsoon woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many roads and colonies, especially those in low-lying areas, may face water logging problem this monsoon. Reason: Civic officials are yet to clear work for desilting nalas (storm water drains).The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has not yet finalised tenders for removing silt in nalas (storm water drains) in Central and South Zone areas (Old City) in the city. While central zone covers important roads like Ameerpet, Punjagutta, Khairatabad, Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills, South Zone covers the entire Old City.Official sources said there was delay in preparation of estimates in both the zones as local corporators have been putting pressure on engineers to increase estimations for the desilting works.Usually, the corporation finalises tenders and awards works to contractors by dividing nalas into small stretches by March every year as contractors take over two months to complete desilting works.Seven major nalas, another 250 medium and minor drains to a length of 730 kms were divided into about 300 works this year and works in all zones except Central and South zone were completed. GHMC would be spending about Rs 16 crore this year on desiltation works.There are apprehensions that the contractors might not complete works before May due to delay in finalising tenders for some works. In 2010 too, there were allegations that most contractors could not complete desilting works in the city as there was delay in awarding works.When contacted, GHMC chief engineer R Dhan Singh said there was some delay in preparation of estimations in some zones, but was confident that even those would be finalized in a week. He said desilting works would be completed by May-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498435", "title": "Another bike set ablaze in act of revenge", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad police have arrested a person following another case of a vehicle being damaged at night to avenge a personal grudge. In the latest incident, a Hero Honda bike was set on fire in Uttam Nagar on Saturday night.The police said Kunal Jagtap from Uttamnagar was at a bus-stop when Chandu Kharat and another person, identified only as Marathe, started arguing over some issue. Jagtap intervened since Kharat and Marathe were from his area. But Kharat got annoyed with Jagtap's intervention and a spat broke out between the two.Around 10.15pm, things cooled down and Jagtap went home on his bike. Around midnight, Jagtap woke up to see his bike in flames. Jagtap, in his complaint to the Ambad police, said Kharat doused petrol on his bike between 10.30pm and midnight and then set it on fire.The police arrested Kharat from his residence on Sunday.In January, two back-to-back incidents of vehicles being torched were reported. Police commissioner Vinod Lokhande was transferred also following a spurt in such crimes, though the culprits in both cases were arrested.Vehicles parked outside houses, in parking slots of buildings or even on streets, have become easy targets. Last December, nine motorcycles were found in flames at Maitra Bahar Society, opposite Siddhi Vinayak Hall, on Makhmalabad Road.The windshields of many vehicles were also shattered at night for no apparent reason. Four youths damaged vehicles under the influence of alcohol a month back in Satpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498484", "title": "Eye on 2014 polls, govt may award 50% of highway construction projects to UP, Rajasthan", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on 2014 general elections and key states like Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan could play at the hustings, the Centre plans to award almost 5,000 km highways projects in these two states during the current fiscal. UP and Rajasthan will get 50% share of the total work plan for 2012-13. Majority of these projects will be two-and-half laning work that will enjoy 100% government funding.For these projects, government can start construction work without acquiring fresh land. Sources in government said Rajasthan is likely to be awarded around 3,000 km, and UP approximately 2,000 km.The Centre has set the target of awarding 8,800 km highway projects in the current fiscal.Sources said that Rajasthan and UP are enjoying the Centre's bounty because the scope of highway development in Tamil Nadu is almost saturated. While, in Kerala and West Bengal, projects are not taking off smoothly due to land acquisition hurdles and opposition to pay toll.NHAI is slated to grant 10 projects in the first two months of this fiscal.Officials said that awarding of more two-and-half laning projects would also accelerate the construction of national highways and would help achieve the 20 km per day target set by the UPA-II. \"To ensure that the awarding of projects is on course, we are giving finishing touches to a feasibility study of about 10,000 km,\" said a source.NHAI has constructed about 2,250 km during 2011-12 against 1,785 km during the previous fiscal. Sources said that the pace of construction was almost 10 km per day in the past three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504171", "title": "Apart from sufi, all other music seems noise: Hans Raj Hans", "text": "He is known for his melodious voice the world over and dedicated his life to the sufi music. Punjabi Singer Hans Raj Hans believes, apart from sufi music, all other forms create more noise and less melody.\"\"I am not against any type of music. In fact, I am the kind of person who loves and respect all sorts of music, but the real charm lies in sufi, \"\" adds the Padam Shri Singer on hi recent visit to the samngam city where he had come to perform in a Ram Navmi function, adding, \"\"Music to wo hona chahiye jo dil ko jeet le, usko sun ke dimag ko sukoon mile, wo nahi jo sirf shor kare. That is the reason I prefer sufi over others.But then this is my personal opinion and people have all the right to disagree with that. Humne to sara jeevan hi sufi ko de diya hai, isi se ishq karliya hai.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502933", "title": "Will Sam sizzle in Kannada?", "text": "The sizzling siren Sameera Reddy has entered Sandalwood much to the delight of her Kannada fans. This Telugu chick, who's already set the screen on fire in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi movies is all set to enthrall the Kannadigas.The multi-lingual actress is busy shooting for Varadanayaka in Bengaluru. Sam plays Sudeep's wide in the movie. Varadanayaka is the remake of the Telugu flick Lakshyam in which Gopichand played the lead. The Kannada version, however, stars Chiranjeevi Sarja in the lead role.It's no doubt that she's made her mark in other South Indian languages. Now it remains to be seen if she can work the same magic in Sandalwood too. Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "12500435", "title": "Call to revive Gandhi's Tolstoy Farm in South Africa", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Calls to revive the Tolstoy Farm, a desolate area which once was a thriving commune run by Mahatma Gandhi, renewed during the annual Gandhi Walk here.Several speakers at the 27-year-old annual Gandhi Walk hosted yesterday in Lenasia, the sprawling mainly Indian suburb south of here, said the organisers should find a way to link the annual event to the nearby Tolstoy Farm.Over 2,000 people participated in the walk. Mahatma Gandhi had set up the Tolstoy Farm as an experiment in community living during his tenure in Johannesburg at the turn of the last century.The event was started as a fundraiser for building a new Gandhi Hall in Lenasia after the original Gandhi Hall in the Johannesburg city centre had to be sold in the 1970's because it fell into a designated white area under the draconian Group Areas Act of the then white minority government.Tolstoy Farm, less than ten kilometers from the Gandhi Hall, has fallen into disuse after the last residents left the area in the 1970's.Despite valiant efforts to revive some activity there, especially by Gandhian enthusiast Mohan Hira, who formed the Mahatma Gandhi Remembrance Organisation, constant vandalism has left a bare shell there.Now the Ahmed Kathrada Foundation wants to find ways of turning Tolstoy Farm into a legacy project, with the Indian High Commission pledging support as well.Referring to an earlier meeting between community organisations and Indian High Commissioner Virendra Gupta on the issue of Tolstoy Farm, acting Indian Consel-General in Johannesburg Nandan Bhaisora called for a follow-up: \"We would like to take some further action on this and hope that something works out.\"Coal India has already assured us that it will be funding the project, so we should take it forward.\"However, the idea to rejuvenate the farm situated on the outskirt of the city also met with some scepticism as it is now part of a brick-making company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500031", "title": "Empowering girls", "text": "In an effort to boost the campaign on education of the girl child, a new initiative, Dare to Care, was launched by Unicef in partnership with the Delhi Daredevils last week. Virender Sehwag , captain, Delhi Daredevils, launched the initiative in the Capital. Around 40% of adolescent girls aged between 14-17 years do not attend school, 40% girls in India marry before the legal age of 18 and around 56% of adolescent girls are anaemic. As part of the initiative, Delhi Daredevils team will show their support by sporting blue ribbons throughout the IPL matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498090", "title": "Projects e-governance as big achievement", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP launched its election campaign for civic elections on Sunday with a blistering attack on Congress on the issue of corruption. From posters, hoardings, TV ads, short films, jingles, internet banners to street plays, BJP for the first time has planned an extensive media campaign to woo voters.\"Congress is neck-deep in corruption. The government has also failed to fulfill its promise of regularizing unauthorised colonies. People are frustrated and are looking for change,'' said Vani Tripathi, BJP's national secretary and in-charge of campaigning for municipal polls.On Sunday, hoarding with slogans like \"jagrook bano, BJP chuno\" (be aware and choose BJP) were put up across the city. BJP leaders say it's a conscious decision to focus on corruption. \"In Delhi, we can't turn a blind eye to issues related to the state and Centre. Corruption and price rise is an important issue that has been bothering us for long. If Congress can't provide clean governance, how will they ensure that MCD is free of corruption,'' said Tripathi.BJP controls MCD and claims e-governance and biometric attendance are its major achievements. The party has been out of power in the state for nearly 13 years. The party banks on its civic work to return to power in the state.\"We have tried to make the system more transparent and accountable. We have introduced citizen-centric services, including sanctioning of building plans online. And this has reduced the scope for corruption,'' said Gupta.BJP is focusing on scams as it wants to deflect attention from its lacklustre performance in MCD. \"Municipal elections are about road, sanitation and other basic amenities. Corruption and price rise do affect us, but it can't be an issue in the municipal election. This is just an attempt to skirt the real issues concerning people,'' said a former BJP worker, who recently resigned from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502847", "title": "Sunny Deol to reinvent himself for new film", "text": "Director Neeraj Pathak, who is reuniting with Sunny Deol in \" Bhaiyaaji Superhit\", said the actor is working extremely hard to reinvent himself for the comic action film.Neeraj, who made his directorial debut with \" Right Yaaa Wrong\" starring Sunny, said the 55-year-old actor is playing the double role of a 'desi' don and a Punjabi actor from Canada.\"I was going through a lot of story ideas before pitching the right one to Sunny. He liked the idea of 'Bhaiyaaji Superhit'. This is a completely different genre and setting for him as well as me. Both of us are moving out of our comfort zones for the film,\" Neeraj told PTI.Initially, the first draft of the script started with a single character and there was no double role angle but Neeraj said that bit came in as an after thought.\"To begin with, there was no double role angle to it. On further brainstorming we thought why don't we go ahead and make this a double role? Sunny liked this as well and asked me to develop it further,\" Neeraj said.The director, who wrote the screenplay of \"Apne\" starring Dharmendra , Sunny and Bobby, said his association with Sunny is more personal than professional.\"We share a great bond. I love him as a person while he takes care of me as a younger brother and friend. I have all relationships included in just one relationship, be it as a friend or a mentor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12499114", "title": "Tourists dump garbage, assault locals at Benaulim", "text": "MARGAO: Environmental activists from Benaulim were assaulted by tourists from Karnataka after the green crusaders confronted the visitors who had earlier dumped garbage from their tourist bus onto the main road at Peda-Benaulim on Sunday morning.The green brigade, who have been actively taking up the cause of cleanliness in Benaulim for the last several years, noticed garbage strewn along the road at Peda. Upon further investigation and speaking to eye witnesses, they discovered that the garbage had been dumped by passengers of a tourist bus, who had camped at the Benaulim beach.When the bus returned onto the main road, the green activists stopped it and demanded an explanation from the tourists. A scuffle broke out and three youth were assaulted by the tourists. Rocky Fernandes, who was punched in the face, lodged a complaint with the Colva police and was rushed to Hospicio hospital, Margao, where he was discharged after receiving treatment. Colva police registered a non-cognizable offence against unknown persons and are tracing the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503826", "title": "Aamir advises youngsters to avoid Twitter, Facebook", "text": "Aamir Khan has asked youngsters to indulge in meaningful activities over spending time on social networking sites.Aamir Khan repeated what Oprah Winfrey said on her visit to India.Aamir has finished shooting for five episodes of his forthcoming tv show 'Satyameva Jayate' during which he has appealed to the youngsters to avoid wasting time on social networking sites.Our source present on the show told TOI.com, \"Aamir does not appreciate youngsters giving out all kinds of information on facebook and twitter. He told the audiences to not divulge details of his show on social networking sites, although privacy was not his only concern. He doesn't like the idea of people wasting time online without giving time and attention to something more meaningful or productive. He said he himself doesn't think much about these micro-blogging, social networking sites in spite of having accounts on both sites.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12498723", "title": "Give us industries in Noida Extension: Farmers", "text": "NOIDA: Farmers from several villages of Noida Extension have demanded from the state government to allow construction of industries and educational institutes in those parcels of acquired land where no construction activity has commenced till date. In a panchayat held in Roja Yakubpur village on Sunday, members of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti also demanded that the Greater Noida Authority hasten transfer of developed plots to them beside 12m-wide roads in sectors, apart from registering abadi lands in the names of owners.Apart from the land in Noida Extension where construction activities have already commenced, there still remain areas that are still untouched. \"For the benefit of villagers, we want the government to build industries and educational institutes on these plots,\" said farmer leader, Manvir Singh Bhati. \"In Bisrakh alone, there are around 2,000 bighas that can be used for building industries,\" said Bhati.Farmers also demanded that abadi land, which was given back to farmers after court cases, be registered in their names at the earliest. Farmers have prepared an 11-point agenda for the state government which they would hand over to the DM and the CEO of Greater Noida Authority in a meeting on April 5.\"Compensation has been hard to come by to children of those farmers who have died. The administration should ensure that they face no hassles in getting compensation,\" said Bhati.Farmers have also demanded that the tax deducted before transferring the compensation to farmers' accounts be borne by the Greater Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12498946", "title": "Maharashtra must assess its ecosystem: Scientists", "text": "PUNE: Scientists from the advisory UK mission team, who carried out the world's first national ecosystem assessment in the UK, now wants Maharashtra to take up similar ecosystem assessment. The study looks into approaches to estimate the value of the natural world, taking into account the economic, health and social benefits that humans receive from the environment.The team of scientists presented their national ecosystem assessment report before the state forest department and other experts at a workshop on 'Developing consensus for regional ecosystem assessment for Maharashtra state,' organised by the NGO Wildlife and We Foundation at the Bharati Vidyapeeth Institute of Environment Education and Research (BVIEER) on Friday.Shaun Russell, director, Wales Environment Research Hub, told TOI: \"A regional ecosystem assessment, if carried out for the state of Maharashtra, would be extremely important not only in decision-making related to conservation oriented development, but in making this state as a pioneer in this effort. We are meeting chief minister Ashok Chavan in this regard.\"The national ecosystem assessment, carried out in the UK and released in 2011, found that lot of ecosystem services like food, fibre, medicines, drinking water, fuels, energy, air and water purification, cultural experiences like nature and wildlife, among others, are being damaged or deteriorating. \"Total 500 scientists were involved in this two-and-a-half-year study. Thus, as we have a complete report now on these ecosystem services, the ministers and policymakers have this information available and accordingly can take up conservation measures,\" Russell said.\"India can take up this approach and adapt to local conditions. We can exchange information and the partnership between the state of Maharashtra and the UK would be a most fruitful area of collaboration in advance of the UN conference on sustainable development, which is taking place in Rio De Janeiro in June,\" he said.On similar lines, Mark Everard, author and scientist, said ecosystem assessment helps in better information decision. \"At present, there is no stop to development. More industries are coming up. Where is the end to it?\" he asked. \"Several independent studies have found that damage to ecosystems and biodiversity is costing the global economy trillions of dollars annually, and this is likely to disproportionately affect economic driver regions of the world. So, this assessment for Maharashtra is important too,\" he said.Erach Bharucha, director, BVIEER, said a model similar to the national ecosystem assessment done in UK can be used in Maharashtra as the state has rich biodiversity that includes western Ghats, coastal belt, parts of Deccan plateau, among others. However, the most important aspect is its implementation, he said.Shivaji Chavan, director general, Wildlife and We Foundation, said the assessment can be taken up by the forest department with technical support from NGOs, universities and research institutes. The cost of the estimated assessment will be around Rs 10 crore to Rs 15 crore. The proposal is also given to the state forest department, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12499122", "title": "Calangute needs government aid to tackle waste: MLA", "text": "PANAJI: The garbage problem along the Calangute coastal belt is likely to end due to a joint initiative by Calangute MLA Michael Lobo and Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira, who are banking on the support of chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Lobo told TOI that he has demanded that the government provide 75% finance to set up a garbage treatment plant to be set up in Calangute to cater to the garbage problem of the entire constituency. He lamented that the government-appointed contractors were not doing their job well and that the beaches are full of filth. \"Glass bottles, plastic bottles, plastics and other waste litter the beaches. If you venture behind the beach shacks, tourists are greeted with the sight of filth and the stench of urine,\" Lobo told TOI.Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira was confident that the chief minister will fulfill the demand. Sequeira said that he had already spoken to the chief minister and that he and Lobo were keen on cleaning up the beaches and the constituency as a whole. While the land is in the possession of the Calangute panchayat, the panchayat's proposal to acquire the land has been lying at the North Goa collectorate for the last one year. \"In his speeches before the elections, Parrikar has repeatedly stressed on eliminating the garbage problem. He has a positive mind and I am sure he will fulfill our demands,\" Sequeira said.Elaborating further, Lobo said that since the Calangute panchayat already has land on the hill near the department of science, environment and technology, a modern garbage treatment plant could be set up there as long-envisaged by the Calangute sarpanch. Lobo says that the treatment plant would take care of garbage generated by all villages in the constituency.While Lobo is demanding 75% funds from the government for building the plant, he says the remaining 25% could come from the two coastal panchayats of Calangute and Candolim. \"These two panchayats are rich panchayats,\" he said. The MLA has also demanded that the government provide two SUVs for garbage collection from the beaches.One will be used from Calangute to Baga and the other from Calangute to Sinquerim. The SUVs will collect garbage twice a day, the Calangute MLA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12499290", "title": "Gandhi ashram fights for survival", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Kshetriya Shri Gandhi Ashram (KSGA), Amritsar zone, for which selling khadi was never a business but a tradition is fighting for its survival, courtesy internal feuds.Khadi's annual turnover has come down from of Rs 6 crore some years ago to a few lakh rupees, said officials.The 45-year-old Kshetriya Shri Gandhi Ashram, which once was established to provide employment opportunities to people belonging to rural areas at their doorstep, now is unable to provide jobs even to daily wagers, weavers and spinners for the past several months due to its internal strife.Covering Punjab, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Srinagar and Lucknow, the KSGA has 10 commercial outlets under its jurisdiction. At present, 700 weavers and other artisans are associated with it whereas earlier the number used to be more than 6,000.KSGA secretary Balwinder Singh said that the organization was bearing regular losses.\"At the moment, the organization needs at least Rs 3 crore to survive. About Rs 22 lakh annually goes to paying interest on various advances. The KSGA's establishment and office expenditure is around Rs 55 lakh annually which we are unable to even meet.''Ram Surat Yadav, ex-secretary, KSGA, lamented that due to non-cooperation of workers, the annual turnover of KSGA had declined to a few lakhs. \"In its golden time, it had a turnover of Rs 6 crore,\" he said.Passing the buck to the management, TP Acharaya, president of the workers' union, alleged that the management had done major embezzlement with the ashram's funds. \"We have even lodged an FIR at the Civil Lines police station against the management for harassing the workers. We will not come back to work until police puts them behind bars,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12491443", "title": "Chetan Bhagat to enter Bollywood!", "text": "Author of some of the largest selling books in India (one of which was also made into the hugely successful Aamir Khan starrer- \"3 Idiots\"), Chetan Bhagat has learnt a thing or two about being popular. this as his weapon of choice, the author pranked his Twitter followers on 1st April- April Fool Day.For starters, he understands how starry eyed we are and how every Bollywood-related news will make headlines for sure.One of the author's post on Twitter on 1st April suggested that he would soon be making an entry into Bollywood. After all the shock and awe, one realizes that the post is a complete bluff when they click on the link posted by Bhagat to an article that supposedly has this piece of news. The link leads you to another website and has April Fool written all over it. We say nice one Chetan!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12499262", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation earns 1,225 crore in octroi", "text": "PUNE: The total octroi collection of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation in the last financial year ending March 31 has reached Rs 1,225 crore. While the budgetary target for octroi was Rs 1,119 crore, the present collection has exceeded the target by Rs 106 crore.Ashok Munde, assistant commissioner and chief of octroi department said, \"The octroi department had done a study and on that basis identified the measures that were needed for increasing the octroi collection. We also prepared an action plan and implemented it. As a result we have been successful in surpassing the annual target.\"Commenting on the measures that were taken, Munde said action was taken against the people concerned wherever the octroi was collected on the basis of rough bills. A circular was issued that octroi should not be charged on the basis of rough bills. An inspection of octroi posts was carried out to ensure that circular is implemented.The octroi was collected based on actual bills as a result there was an increase in octroi collection\".\"Night patrolling was conducted in the municipal limits to check whether the special squad was doing its duty properly or not. This led to increase in the performance of the squad and also reduced octroi evasion. Information of the liquor imported into PCMC limits was taken from excise department and action was taken against the liquor traders for octroi evasion. Some of these traders went to the court. Fine was collected from the traders who did not go to the court for the octroi evasion.\" The octroi collection in 2008-09 was Rs 717 crore. In 2009-10, when there was a recession, the collection was Rs 709 crore. In 2010-11, the collection was Rs 913 crore as against a target of Rs 760 crore, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498224", "title": "3 held for Chanda shoot-out", "text": "NAGPUR: Local crime branch squad of Chandrapur police, with help from Gittikhadan police, have nabbed three culprits involved in the attack on a local trader Haji Shaikh Sarvar on March 27 last month.Sarvar was shot from close quarters apart from being attacked with sharp weapons after a contract of Rs 50 lakhs was apparently offered for his killing to the Nagpur-based gang. Chandrapur police had already arrested four persons in the case. It is learnt the Chandrapur cops have been camping in the city for the last few days before they approached Gittikhadan police for help.Junaid Khan, Sumedh Ingle and Jamaal Ansari were picked up from their respective homes as per the requirement of the Chandrapur police. Sheru, considered the mastermind in the case, remains elusive.Sources said Nitesh Choudhari, one of the accused, had been undergoing treatment at a hospital after he sustained serious injuries during the attack.The Chandrapur police are set to take Choudhari also in their custody.It is learnt that Sheru had taken almost half-a-dozen assailants from Nagpur to execute the contract killing. They managed to evade the cops in Chandrapur and zero in upon Haji, who was lucky to survive and is also recuperating at a Nagpur hospital. Six rounds had been fired at him and Haji suffered four wounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501781", "title": "Remo to make a comeback", "text": "After crooning the hit title track of Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha, Remo Fernandes all but vanished from the Bollywood music scene to settle down in his ancestral home in Siolim, Goa.Mirror has learnt he is now set to make a comeback as a Bollywood playback singer with Joe Rajan's Luv U Soniyo which marks the debut of Rati Agnihotri's son Tanuj Virwani and former Miss India Neha Hinge. A prime reason for Remo to have agreed to sing is that he was offered a Goan number.Confirming the news, Remo said, \"Joe wanted a very Goan-style song as the film's hero's character is Goan. I have given it a very bouncy rhythm and a very melodious tune, which even a child can hum, which is what Goan music is all about.\"Director Joe Rajan explained it was Rati's idea to get a Goan song to suit her son's character in the film and that's when the singer's name came up in the discussion. However, they were all under the impression he was no longer open to doing playback. Then, Madhur Bhandarkar, Rajan's close friend, who knows Remo, offered to speak to the musician.Said Rajan, \"I went to Goa to meet Remo and from the first meeting, we hit it off. Although the music has been composed by a young musician Vipin Patwa, who has done an excellent job. Remo will add on by singing and composing a special number as guest music director. Remo has roped in Sai Palondikar to include some Konkani lyrics, while the Hindi lyrics are by Abhijeet Deshpande. The scratch is ready, and we will record the song this week.\"Remo, who belted out hits like Yeh hai Jalwa, Humma Humma and Pyaar to Hona Hi Tha, has a studio in Goa where he continues to do what he loves - make music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "12498758", "title": "From drumming tables to impressing crowds", "text": "CIVIL LINES: As a seven-year-old when Sameer Gupta drummed his fingers on the bed post or dining table his mother was quick to recognize a sense of rhythm that deserved a push to grow. She searched for a tabla instructor and started his training. Now, Sameer, who is 14 years old, has been playing at various functions and has even performed at the celebrated Harivallabh Sangeet Sammelan in Jalandhar.A student of Class X in BCM Arya School, Sameer said when he began training he was more interested in learning the drums. ''But my parents thought otherwise. They wanted me to learn classical music. So I have learned taals and classical beats but I have also learned western beats. I have been writing exams for Hindustani classical music at Prayag Sangeet Samiti in Allahabad,'' said Sameer, who can play the dhol and drums.Sameer was also among the students of the region selected to perform at the Republic Day function in New Delhi. ''I attended a four month-long training camp for it. There were students from Haryana, Himachal Pradesh , Punjab and Chandigargh. It was a very proud moment for me as we were even acknowledged with trophies handed over by the governor,'' he said.His mother Pratima is proud she spotted his talent at the right time. ''He showed tremendous energy when he started drumming things at home and I did not lose much time in finding an instructor. Music runs in our family's blood. His aunt and a cousin are also very talented vocalists,'' she said.Planning to participate in the sammelan to be held in December, Sameer said he wants to reach the highest high in his field. ''I practice for two-and-a-half hours every day to master the intricacies of playing tabla. It is an integral part of my life,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12499284", "title": "Pak Hindus protest occupation of temple", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The minority Hindu community in Pakistan has protested the occupation of a temple in Punjab province, prompting the authorities on Sunday to take steps to \"resolve\" the sensitive issue.More than 30 members of the Hindu community from Zafarwal sub-district participated in the protest against the occupation of the temple. Paul Bhatti, minister-in-charge of national harmony, expressed concern at a protest by Hindus in front of the National Press Club for repossession of the temple at Zafarwal in Narowal district.He directed concerned authorities to take up the matter and \"resolve it at the earliest\". \"The government is committed to safeguard places of worship of minorities in the country and all possible steps are being taken for care and maintenance of these places...No one would be allowed to occupy the worship places of the minorities,\" Bhatti said in a statement.Bhatti, who is a Christian, said, \"We should learn to respect faiths and worship places of each other and demonstrate tolerance to bring peace in the country, aimed at promoting interfaith harmony as all the religions are an integral part of society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498290", "title": "High court stays pollution control board's direction on closed body trucks", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Friday stayed effect and operation of MPCB's directions mandating the use of mechanical type closed body trucks for transportation of minerals. MPCB's directives were issued on March 31 last year and were repeated on December 23.A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale also issued notices to respondents including union ministries for environment and forest (MoEF) and road transport and highways, state forest ministry, transport commissioner, besides MPCB. They were asked to reply within 10 days.The Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) had knocked judiciary's doors challenging the validity of MPCB's directions mandating the \"environmental friendly mechanically typed closed body trucks\" for transportation of the minerals to reduce environmental pollution in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "karnal/yamunanagar", "code": "12499014", "title": "Protest against liquor vends in Yamunanagar, Karnal", "text": "KARNAL/YAMUNANAGAR: Demanding shifting of liquor vends, villagers on Sunday staged protests and blocked roads in two residential colonies of Yamunangar and one village of Karnal district.Hundreds of women in Yamunangar protested setting up of liquor shops near residences, school and temple at Kansapur and Azad Nagar.In Kansapur Colony of Yamunangar, a liquor shop had been permitted near a school, in Azad Nagar it had been opened in a residential area and at Madhu Chowk a liquor shop is situated near two temples.Nand Kishori, Sumitra, a resident of Kansa Pur, said they would not sit quiet unless the administration shifted them. On being asked, district excise and taxation officer PS Mor said, \"I have just got information regarding the agitation, I am going to check out ground reality. If any liquor shop is located near a school or temple, we will get it shifted.\"But when asked how they permitted it, he could not give any satisfactory reply.In Karnal, Kunjpura residents locked up a local liquor vend claiming that its existence had been vitiating atmosphere of the village.A large number of people held a protest outside the liquor vend demanding its shifting out of the village on Sunday. However, as the owners refused to relent, the women locked it up and forced them to run for cover. As the situation started to get serious, a team of police officials reached the spot to pacify the protesters.Village head Mahinder Singh said that the vend was located in the vicinity of a school and a religious shrine and they had already given a memorandum to the district authorities for it be closed. He said that the authorities had assured them that the license of the vend would not be renewed after March 31 but the vend was found open even on April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497599", "title": "PIL bats for scrapping police cover for IPL matches in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the fifth edition of Indian Premier League (IPL) kicks off on April 4, a public interest litigation has urged the Bombay high court to direct the police to not provide protection for matches to be played in Maharashtra until Rs 5.17 crore arrears of IPL 2010 are cleared.The petition, filed by secretary of BJP's Navi Mumbai unit Santosh Pachalag, states that the Navi Mumbai police had sent a bill of Rs 5.65 crore to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) but received only Rs 47.53 lakh. Six matches were played at D Y Patil Stadium in Navi Mumbai.The matter was mentioned by Pachalag's advocate Ganesh Sovani last week before a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More and is posted for hearing on Monday.According to Pachalag's petition, BCCI had availed of over 3,300 police personnel for IPL 2010 matches. As the strength of Navi Mumbai police is just 1,900, personnel were drawn from other police commissionerates and districts.In his petition, Pachalag says that he learnt through Right to Information that the Navi Mumbai police had till January 1 not raised the bill for 2011 IPL matches. Pointing out that no effort is being made by the police commissioner to recover the balance Rs 5.17 crore, Pachalag has sought direction to the police to recover the arrears. He has also prayed for fixing responsibility on erring officers and for guidelines on how the police should be made available for big events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "12499474", "title": "Five killed, nine injured as lorry collides with car", "text": "TUTICORIN: Four people died on the spot and 10 others sustained serious injuries as the Jeep in which they were travelling was hit by a lorry here on Sunday evening. One of the seriously injured persons, however, succumbed at the hospital late in the night.The deceased were identified as Mariappan, Mani alias Manikandan, Lakshmi, Ambika and Kumaran from Idukki. The passengers in the jeep, who are believed to be relatives from Idukki had gone on a pilgrimage to Tiruchendur.After offering their prayers, they were returning to their native place in the evening. When the Jeep climbed over the rail overbridge near Sterlite Factory on the bypass road, a lorry coming in the opposite direction collided with the jeep.While four of the occupants died on the spot, 10 others who sustained serious injuries were rushed to the Government Hospital in Tuticorin.Police sources said that they had a tough time to ascertain the details of the family as the injured were in a shock.After lot of difficulty, they found out the names of the dead and identified their native place as Idukki. Police said that the initial inquiry revealed that it was the lorry driver's fault which caused the accident. SIPCOT police have registered a case and are on the look out for the lorry driver, who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12501953", "title": "Nokia eyeing enterprise market in India with Lumia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Betting big on its 'Lumia' series, Finnish handset maker Nokia is targeting sectors like manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, banking and insurance to capture a major share of India's enterprise smartphone market.Many companies are now allowing employees to use their personally owned devices for official use and that Nokia feels is a major opportunity.\"Earlier companies used to buy handsets in bulk, but now they are now looking at allowing workforce to use their own devices at work. This shows that there is a clear need for alternatives and we see that as a big opportunity,\" Nokia India Director (Enterprise Sales) Suresh Vedula said.Nokia already has its E-series of business devices and now, with Lumia 800 and Lumia 610, the portfolio ensures that needs of these entities are taken care of, he added.The Finnish giant is focusing on verticals like consulting, manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, banking and insurance for strengthening its position in the segment, he said.Traditionally, BlackBerry was considered to be an enterprise device. But in recent times, as IT policies become more flexible and workforce becomes mobile, companies are opening up to the idea of allowing their employees to use their own devices.This has thrown up many opportunities for handset makers like Apple, Nokia and Samsung among others.Nokia had collaborated with Microsoft last year for making Windows Phone as its main smartphone platform and Lumia is the first series of device from the partnership.It is estimated that about 8-10 per cent of the smartphone sales comes from the enterprise segment.According to a study by CyberMedia, smartphone shipments in India touched 11.2 million units in calendar year 2011, recording a year-on-year growth of 87 per cent. The year saw launch of 150 models by over 30 vendors in the smartphone category in India.Nokia emerged as the leader in the smartphones segment with a 38 per cent share, followed by Samsung with 28 per cent share in CY 2011. Research in Motion (BlackBerry maker) dropped to third place with a 15 per cent share.\"With number of mobile workforce on the rise, businesses are going in for smartphones as they allow productivity to the professionals as they are on the move, without work being hampered,\" Vedula said.With solutions from partners like Microsoft ( Exchange ActiveSync) and IBM ( Lotus Notes Traveler), professionals can get secure and real-time access to their data, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12499202", "title": "Rachol budget passed amidst commotion", "text": "MARGAO: Commotion was witnessed during the gram sabha held at Ilha de Rachol on Sunday with the budget being passed amidst controversy.The only item on the agenda was to pass the annual budget of 9 lakh and no other questions were entertained at the meeting. There was a 10% increase in the budget compared to the one passed last year.The gram sabha was held on the instructions from the directorate of panchayats (DoP), pursuant to complaints filed by locals who had stated that the panchayat had failed to hold gram sabha's on a regular basis and that the last 'ordinary' gram sabha was held in June last year.Panchayat officials, however, were quick to point out that two 'special gram sabhas' were held since June. But locals argued that no 'ordinary' gram sabha was conducted.Some days back locals had complained to the Salcete block development officer Uday Prabhudessai, who was an observer at the gram sabha, that they were upset that the gram sabha was being held in Ilha de Rachol and not near the panchayat premises at the Rachol church.However, both Prabhudessai and sarpanch Joseph Vaz stated that under the gram sabha rules, the sarpanch was free to decide the venue of the gram sabha as long as it was in the interest of the public.The meeting began at around 10.30am and started with the panchayat secretary reading out the minutes of the previous gram sabha. However, commotion ensued thereafter as the locals felt that there were certain discrepancies in the records of the last meeting but Joseph Vaz refused to entertain questions on the meeting.Vaz later instructed the secretary to read out the points on the annual budget which were subsequently passed at the gram sabha.Vaz also informed that he would not entertain questions that went beyond the agenda of the gram sabha and that if the locals had any questions, they should have submitted them to the panchayat four days in advance.A few locals, however, stated that they had informed the panchayat a week earlier and one of the panch members Guilherme Oliveira walked out of the meeting at this point. Two other locals Jerry Vaz and Franky Gomes demanded to know why their questions could not be taken up since they were of public importance.However, Vaz refused to take up the questions and said that some of the questions were sub-judice. He categorically stated that if the locals had any questions, they were free to file an application under RTI with the Salcete BDO and that they would get the information in the stipulated time of 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497509", "title": "139 lions died at Gir in 3 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In the last three years, 139 lions including 54 cubs have died in the state. Of the 139 deaths, 42 are males and 43 females.This information was tabled in the state assembly in a written reply to the question of Bhavku Unghad said that about 42 animals died in 2009, followed by 48 in 2010 and 49 in 2011.The government has said the deaths were owing to natural causes. Though, in one or two cases it was due to falling of big cats in wells. Other reasons include cannibalism and in fights, and one incident of electrocution. The state government further said in the past three years there has been no incident of poaching.Officials said the annual number of deaths among adult lions has remained constant, between 27 to 31. However the number of death of cubs has been increasing. In 2009, 15 cubs had died while the next year it was17 and in 2011 it was 22 lions.Experts said 10-15 per cent death of the total population was normal. Gujarat has a population of 411 including 259 adults. Officials said that death of 41-50 odd lions was considered to be a normal and a healthy sign.Additional chief principal conservator of forest H S Singh said if the department showed a number less than 40 then it was under reporting. Because in a normal case about 10-15 per cent big cats died every year and there is an annual recruitment of 80-90 cubs.He said in Africa the survival rate among the cubs was just 23-24 per cent. If 100 cubs are born only 23 cross the age of two. However, the number was much higher in Gujarat.Singh said that the increasing number of cub deaths was an indication that the reproduction rate per annum in Gir forest and nearby areas was increasing, as a result the cub mortality was also increasing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499563", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government shifts 152 deputy superintendents of police", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday night reshuffled the postings of as many as 152 deputy superintendents of police across the state. The list includes names of two officers posted with the Lucknow district police who have been transferred out of the state capital.Those shunted out of the state capital include Arvind Kumar Yadav who has been sent to district police department at Ghaziabad and Ashok Kumar who goes to 38 battalion PAC in Aligarh. The officers have been replaced by DySP Ajay Pratap Singh from the Vigilance Establishment headquarters in Lucknow and Dinesh Yadav from Police Training College in Sitapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500039", "title": "Hostellers up in arms", "text": "Residents of the University Hostel for Women for postgraduate students in Delhi University (DU) are fighting the arbitrary change in hostel rules, deferring of student union elections of the hostel and alleged intimidation by the administration.More than 30 PG residents are campaigning against the new administrative order issued by the dean of colleges this month, imposing a change in hostel rules including the entry and exit timings , holding elections and a fee hike.\"This new order has some vague rules and conditions, which are intimidating . First, they have been delaying the elections for the hostel union since October last year and have now made stringent rules for contesting the elections ,\" says Maya John, a PhD student and resident of the hostel.The hostel residents claim that the earlier provision that allowed students to return till 11pm has been changed to 10pm. Besides, the order issued says that action will be taken against girls entering the hostel after 10pm.\"For students pursuing law or doing internships at far-off places like Gurgaon , adhering to the 10pm deadline becomes difficult. We are adults and cannot be treated like girls in a teenage boarding school,\" says John.Rachel Mathhew, another resident, pursuing MA in history, says, \"The university authorities want to curb student unions and suppress independent views. They have also made rules whereby any resident with over five memos or warnings issued against her will not be eligible to contest elections. Hostel elections cannot be regulated on the lines of such rules.\"According to the residents, the number of night-outs in a month have also been reduced.\"Earlier, we used to be allowed seven night-outs in a month. Now, if we have to go out even to attend a wedding, for example, we have to first ask permission from our respective head of department. This is not an academic matter to involve department heads. Besides, they call our parents and tell them that we are not abiding by the rules. We are being treated like inmates in a jail,\" adds John.The boarding and other fees of the hostel have been hiked, which will be applicable from the new session in July. Residents say the fee hike is not justified and the break-up is confusing and, hence, difficult to understand. However, Usha Rao, proctor, DU who is also in-charge of the hostel, maintains, \"Safety of girl students is our prime concern . The rules are for their security. We don't want any mishaps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497660", "title": "Obesity quickfix for teens, but doctors sound caution", "text": "MUMBAI: Bariatric surgery, one of the most globally debated approaches to treat obesity, will now be offered to adolescents at a dedicated centre in Chembur. Experts offering the method feel bariatric surgery, which still remains a 'grey area' for the insurance sector, could be the only solution for morbidly obese children to lead a healthy and disease-free life.With the obesity epidemic now affecting adolescents as much adults, it is believed that at least 30% of adolescents in metros are obese. The phenomenon is more pronounced among children from the higher socio-economic strata. In fact a handful bariatric surgeons in the city have been operating on adolescents for the last couple of years, though the cases are rarely spoken of and data is scarce. Roughly 10,000 bariatric surgeries are estimated to be performed in the country every year, of which less than 60 are believed to be adolescents or from the paediatric age-group.Obesity surgeon Dr Ramen Goel, who will spearhead the Nova Teen facility at Chembur's Nova Specialty Surgery Centre, said over the years bariatric surgery has emerged as the most ideal way to tackle issues of psycho-social development and low self-esteem that obese children usually grow up with. However, he added, not every obese child needs surgery. \"Only those with a BMI of more than 40 are ideal candidates. In other words, only about 4% of the extremely obese will qualify for the surgery,\" he said.Goel insisted that the selection of patients will be the key. He said the surgery will be offered to those young adults who have co-morbid conditions that can't be tackled by medication or diet and who have reached adequate skeletal growth. The surgery, which will not be offered to the paediatric age-group immediately, could cost anything between Rs 2.5-4 lakh. \"In most existing set-ups, children are operated upon by adult bariatric surgeons. But we will be involve paediatric experts and counselling will play a very important role,\" Goel said.Sceptics point out that in the absence of guidelines for these surgeries in the country, there is a huge risk of it becoming a choice of treatment for obesity in children. A Union health ministry official told TOI that the demand for such surgeries have been increasing by 20%-40% in the metros. \"Many doctors offer this surgery for adolescents, but very few reveal details about it. There has to be more transparency if it is such a safe and life-saving procedure,\" the official added. Goel, however, added that data from the centre will be compiled and studied so that India-specific guidelines can be developed for Indian teens.Consultant laparoscopic and bariatric surgery from Seven Hills Hospital, Dr Ushast Dhir said parents are usually reluctant to openly talk about their children's weight-loss surgery. \"Risks involved in the surgery are similar to those of adults. But here the onus of the success of the surgery is more on the family,\" he said.Renowned bariatric surgeon Dr Srihari Dhorepatil maintained that it is a complicated surgery which a child may not understand completely. \"It is a surgery with life-long ramifications and children may be too young to understand that. So unless there are life-threatening implications, a child should not be made to undergo this surgery,\" he said. \"Also, the child has to undergo a major change in his lifestyle. If the family fails to cooperate, the child may be miserable,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503442", "title": "Vanya Mishra realises her crown dreams", "text": "She was the one bright spot everybody adored at Chandigarh's famous annual Rose Festival.That was when Vanya Mishra was still a toddler and was crowned the Rose Princess. The journey that began years ago, turned into a dream come true on Friday when she was crowned the Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012 and also gave birth to another dream, to be crowned Miss World.For a girl, who as a kid would sketch a crown on all her photographs and had saved her cell number in her grandmother's phone with the name Miss World, the crown certainly came to the deserving.Years later, her Sector 19 residence here beamed with joy on Saturday as visitors and calls kept pouring in, congratulating the family.It was always her dream to become Miss India and she has done all of us proud, says her mother, Ved Mishra.Vanya, a student of engineering PEC University of Technology, who made the city proud by winning Pantaloons Femins Miss India World title, was neither a fashion freak nor the one who grabbed the limelight always, said family members.All she used to do was put on her favorite pair of jeans, a t-shirt and pick up her bag for college every morning. She hardly put on make-up, yet carried herself confidently, added her mother.However, this simple girl always had a knack for social work. As a child she used to visit the school for visually impaired with me and insisted that she would pledge her eyes. I used to ask her to wait till she was 18 to take a decision. On her 18th birthday, both of us pledged to donate our eyes, said Ved, of her daughter, who was taught at the KB DAV School.Since none of Indian entries had won at the global level for quiet some years now, she used to say that she will end the drought at Miss World contest of last 12 years, said her grandfather, Hawa Singh Sharma.I was always liberal and encouraged her to follow her dreams. Vanya had all support from her family to pursue her dreams, he adds.Her mother narrates fondly how Vanya asked her not to attend the grand finale as she would feel conscious with her around.The news had Vanyas aunt, Meena Sharma and her husband Vijay, arrive from Faridabad specially came to congratulate the family for the achievement.As a child Vanya used to talk about her dream of being Miss India, but we took it casually as a childs dream but still encouraged her. But today, it is a dream come true for our family. I have specially come to congratulate my sister and parents, says Veds sister, Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497422", "title": "Medical teachers continue stir, hold prayer meeting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Continuing with their strike on Sunday, around 200 members of Gujarat Medical Teacher's Association (GMTA) gathered to conduct a prayer session at BJ Medical College. The medical teachers had been on strike since twelve days demanding for a pay hike as per UGC norms.GMTA president Rajnish Patel said, \"We performed a Ramdhun from 10 am to 1 pm. This is because we came to know that three parties including the state government, patients and GMTA are suffering just because of the arrogance of senior officials of the health department. So, we prayed to the god to enlighten these officials. These officials are refusing to accept the UGC norms and government rules just to satisfy their ego.\"In the mean time Junior Doctors Association (JDA) has threatened to support the teachers' strike and go on indefinite strike from Wednesday. \"JDA has demonstrated a mock protest on Saturday to give a feel of how grave the situation would get if they join the strike. We are still waiting for a positive reply from the government. But if the government continues to be apathetic, the JDA will join the protest from Wednesday,\" said Patel. Medical teachers in 12 government colleges are on strike since March 22 demanding pay parity with professors of other colleges. tnnas per UGC norms and other long pending issues. Earlier GMTA also held a meeting with Gujarat In-service Doctors Association (GIDA) where the later expressed that they are ready to support the protest as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502435", "title": "'Le Halua Le' in Pattaya", "text": "Hiraan and Payel had a blast in Pattaya while shooting for the song, \"Chupi chupi\", sung by Shreya Ghoshal and Mohit Chauhan for Raja Chanda's romcom, \" Le Halua Le\".\"I play an aspiring singer who is madly in love with Payel. However, he is not aware of Payel's feelings. To add to the confusion, Soham comes into the scene and it becomes a love triangle,\" said Hiraan.The sequence was part of the last leg of the shoot for \"LHL\". \"The song is so melodious that we didn't have to do much while shooting. Once over, it was party time. While Payel headed for a foot massage after the shoot, Rajada and I went for sightseeing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12499277", "title": "Roerich Trust: Union govt forms sub-group to resolve issue", "text": "SHIMLA: The Russian ambassador and Himachal Pradesh government appear to be locked in a tug of war on the issue of controlling International Roerich Museum Trust (IRMT) at Naggar in Kullu district. While the state government is trying its best to oust the Russians from the trust, the latter have so far refused to succumb to pressure. Considering sensitivity of the matter, the Union government has now formed a sub-group comprising members from ministry of law, culture and external affairs to discuss the issue and to take final decision.Alleging harassment of Russian staff at IRMT by local authorities, Russian ambassador Alexander Kadakin had recently stated that he would soon seek Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention on the issue. On the other hand, executive director of the trust Alena Adamkova earlier refused to accept the state government order of handing over charge to another curator.It has been 12 days since she refused to accept the orders, but the state government is yet to respond to her queries, said a senior official, adding that now the issue is between Alena and state government. \"Russians are flexing their muscles as they want to show their authority in the trust but many trust members are not happy with them,\" said the official.Officials said that while refusing to hand over charge, Alena said that orders were not proper as it was not clear who issued them. \"The state government had decided to discontinue her services after her contract was not renewed,\" said the official.The trust named after great Russian artist Nicholas Roerich has become a battlefield where Russians and the state government are waging a war on the issue of proving their control. An attempt to oust the Russian curator and executive director Alena Adamkova on March 20 failed after she refused to hand over charge.Additional deputy commissioner Kullu R K Puruthi along with a curator from the state museum had gone to Naggar but Alena refused to accept the orders; rather she sought some clarifications which the state government is yet to provide her.The state on its part its relying on a Supreme Court order dated August 9, 2011, upholding the judgment of Karnataka high court on the issue of membership of foreign nationals in the trust that was managing Tatguni Estate and Bangalore properties of Roerich as invalid. In a letter written to the foreign secretary, the then Himachal Pradesh chief secretary Rajwant Sandhu had stated, \"Clearly, therefore, the membership of the Russian ambassador and director of the International Roerich Centre, Moscow, in IRMT Kullu is invalid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12498745", "title": "Congress men ransack 13 houses", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Five houses belonging to RSP supporters were set ablaze and another eight houses were ransacked by a mob of Congress supporters allegedly led by the Panchayat pradhan following a feud over land. The incident happened at Nathua Char village under Baropetia gram panchayat on Sunday afternoon.According to reports, the panchayat pradhan of the GP, Manohari Roy was beaten up a week ago in the village when he had gone to settle a land issue there. In retaliation to the incident Roy led a mob into the village on Sunday afternoon and set ablaze and ransacked the houses of the persons allegedly involved in his harassment.A large police team rushed to the spot to control further violence and a police picket has been set considering the mounting tension in the area. A policeman was also injured while controlling the villagers after the incident. No arrest was made till late in the evening as the accused persons are said to be absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12504307", "title": "Facebook post sparks protests in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close on the heels of the Sangareddy incident, in which a photo of a religious site was uploaded on a social networking website, another picture of a place of worship was posted on the Facebook, leading to protests near Charminar here today.However, the Cyber Crime Cell of Hyderabad police, as well as the Charminar police managed to block and delete the \"indecent\" content (uploaded on the website) in time after the police contacted the Facebook authorities yesterday, Detective Department Deputy Commissioner of Police J Satyanarayana said.A complaint was earlier lodged at Hussaini police station here, alleging that some miscreant had hurt their religious feelings by morphing the photo of the religious structure belonging to their community.The DCP further said they had earlier received petitions stating that some anti-social elements were trying to create a rift between two communities for selfish gains by posting some \"indecent and morphed\" photographs of various places of worship of different communities on social networking website- Facebook.So far, police have deleted the online contents in nine such cases in Hyderabad city, he said.Police have appealed to the people of all communities to contact them for the removal of objectionable content and not to believe in rumours.A curfew was imposed in Sangareddy town in Medak district on March 30, following a communal clash that started after a picture of a religious place was uploaded on a social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12505379", "title": "Asif Ali's next is Idiots", "text": "After the success of his recently released movie Ordinary Asif Ali has been getting lot of interesting offers. The actor has been signed for a new film called Idiots directed by a debutant director K S Baba.He has been roped in to perform the lead role in a new project titled Idiots. 'Idiots' is the maiden directorial venture of K S Baba, who worked as an associate director to Sangeeth Sivan.Apart from Asif Ali, Sanusha and Baburaj will also play important roles. Its music will be composed by another debutante Nandhu. Idiots will commenced by the second week of May at Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498321", "title": "City corporation's advertisement department delivers after scam allegations", "text": "NAGPUR: After a series of allegations of scams in advertisement department in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the department has shown a significant rise in revenue in current fiscal. NMC was unable to fetch proper revenue from hoardings etc.NMC has 228 advertisement hoardings in its possession located in prime locations. Besides, it is in position to let out space on streetlight poles. Still, the revenue from advertisement department used to be a measly sum. The leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and opposition Vikas Thakre had both alleged huge scam in the advertisement department from 2010 onwards. They had dug out several irregularities in the way the department worked.An inquiry followed and it resulted in shifting of head of the department. Deputy engineer DD Jambhulkar was given the charge of Estate Officer thus becoming the head of the advertisement department. The process to allot advertisement hoardings in a transparent manner started since then. Of total 228 hoardings, 88 were allotted to seven agencies in 2010-11 for Rs 1.15 crore per year. Besides, advertisement arrears were also recovered to a great extent followed some other measures.Thus, the revenue started to rise in 2010-11. The revenue was Rs 4.44 crore in 2010-11 and increased to Rs 4.49 crore in 2011-12 till March 19.It is expected that it may go up to Rs 5 crore by March 31. Meanwhile, the tenders for 83 more hoardings were issued and seven agencies put in bid worth Rs 1.74 crore per year. The proposal to give work order to these agencies has been placed before the Standing committee for approval. The committee will decide on the proposal on April 2. Tenders for 50 more hoardings will be finalized in the next few days. The remaining seven have been kept reserved as they are in dispute.Meanwhile, the proposal pending for about 20 months that resulted in allegation of favouring a particular advertising agency is again on the agenda of the meeting of standing committee on April 2. NMC is incurring a revenue loss through this. The agency is paying just Rs 10.50 lakh per month as against Rs 16 lakh due to this proposal. Past chairman Sandip Joshi had kept the proposal pending during his two years tenure. It will be interesting to see what new chairman Dayashankar Tiwari decides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498308", "title": "Trafficking bust leads to suspension of Sinnar cop", "text": "NASHIK: The action by the local crime branch of the rural police against sex trafficking, which sources say was blooming right under the nose of the Sinnar police, has led to the suspension of inspector Mangalsing Suryawanshi of the Sinnar police.Additional superintendent of police (rural), Rajiv Jain issued the suspension notice to Suryawanshi recently on account of the latter's failure in keeping illegal activities under control in his jurisdiction. While there were many complaints against Suryawanshi, the action by the local crime branch against the flesh trade in Musalgaon Shivar in Sinnar, proved to be a trigger for his suspension, sources said.On March 10, the local crime branch had raided the Kundewadi, Musalgaon, area of Sinnar, and 41 girls were found allegedly involved in the flesh trade. Four Bangladeshi men were also arrested from the same area operating as agents.According to the police, the brothel was growing right under the nose of the Sinnar police, and no attempt was made to stop this despite everyone allegedly being aware of the same. A similar raid was conducted on the same brothel in 2006 and the police was expected to be extra vigilant after that.However, sources said Suryawanshi continued to sleep over the issue. Meanwhile, during the recent municipal council election in Sinnar, the local crime branch confiscated liquor worth Rs 3.90 lakh in a raid, and according to reports, Suryawanshi did not abide by his routine work like making a case diary and weekly dairy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500052", "title": "The last lap", "text": "As engineering aspirants across the country gear up for IIT-JEE on April 8, Education Times offers last-minute tips on how to crack the testWith over five lakh students expected to appear for the IIT joint entrance exam this year, the competition is going to be tough. So how do you prepare yourself for a stellar performance?Right RevisionSays Shubham Mehta, who secured a second rank at the IIT-JEE 2011, \"Though you should try and keep in touch with every topic, the focus at this stage should be on organic and inorganic chemistry. Mathematics and physics are conceptual and devoting as less as an hour or two to these subjects every day should be fine. Make short notes and highlights of chapters, concepts and formulas.\" Mihir Patel, a fourth year electrical engineering student at IIT Bombay, adds that this is the time to revise the complete syllabus starting with concepts you understand relatively well. \"Don't leave any topic. Compile your frequent errors; understand why they occur and come up with strategies to avoid them,\" he says. Additionally, solving a few problems from your notes, study material and last year's JEE paper will be of help. Pay equal attention to all the three subjects by devoting specific hours during the day or entire days for each of the subjects. Make mental clues of all your concepts so as to help you retrieve them quickly during the exam. You may also revise chapters from your class XI books to brush up on various concepts.Exam TimeIIT-JEE is a competitive exam and includes both easy and tough questions. So if you find a question difficult, remember a majority of students would feel the same. Advises Mehta, \"Keep the order of the subjects you are attempting the same as the one you are used to attempting at your coaching class/practice hours. This will ensure that your mind is at ease during the exam. Don't spend more than five minutes on any particular problem. Try to complete the chemistry section within 30-45 minutes, physics within 45 minutes to an hour and the mathematics section within an hour-and-a-half .\"Says Tejas Shyam, a fifth year metallurgical engineering and materials science student at IIT-B , \"If you feel comfortable, solve the questions that carry more marks first (even among the problems you find easy). This will maximise your attempt. Do not try too much of guesswork, lest you garner negative marks.\"Subject-WiseMaths:Draw diagrams especially in co-ordinate and Calculus related questions . Focus on quadratic equations and expressions, complex numbers, probability, vectors, matrices in algebra; circle, parabola, hyperbola in co-ordinate geometry, etc. Use method of substitution and elimination in trigonometry and conic sections if you don't know the correct way. Try deriving all the important properties of conic sections without consulting a reference and make a comparison table to refer to on the last day. Try deriving the derivatives and integrals without consulting the referencePhysics:Most of the concepts here are intuitive and difficult to forget. Follow the concept until the end. Revise modern physics, mechanics, fluids, heat and thermodynamics, waves and sound, capacitors and electrostatics, magnetics, electromagnetic induction and optics thoroughly. Avoid lengthy questionsChemistry:Organic and inorganic chemistry: In inorganic chemistry, focus on qualitative analysis, co-ordination chemistry and chemical bonding. Make a mapping between name of the reaction, species/ functional groups that occur as reactants and those that occur as product , catalysts and reaction conditions. Understand the arrow mechanisms. In physical chemistry, pay attention to electro-chemistry , thermodynamics and chemical equilibrium. Beware of calculation errors Questions with no negative marking must be attempted. Mark the answers on the OMR sheet after every four to five attempted questions. Remember, JEE is about quality and not quantity. You can make the cut by performing well in at least two subjects and securing the minimum cut-off marks in one.Mental Make-UpYou have done the best you could, now is the time to be confident and calm. Don't stress over what you don't know, but be sure of what you do.Remember to go for regular walks or get at least an hourlong exercise each day to refresh your mind. Advises Gautam Barua, director, IIT-Guwahati : \"Do not listen to anybody other than your inner self. Be confident of your abilities and don't get distracted by random advice about the pattern of questions or the likely questions. Give it your best shot and be satisfied with it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12499486", "title": "Basic amenities luxury here", "text": "HUBLI: Civic amenities like adequate potable water and motorable roads are still a distant dream for the residents of Netaji colony and Maruti Nagar in Hubli, thanks to the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities concerned.Lack of adequate water, street lights on the roads and tarred roads with proper UGD lines are causing immense hardship to the people. Umpteen complaints to set things right have fallen on deaf ears, people allege.There are no adequate garbage bins in the area and the residents are left with no option, but to throw the garbage near roads. Garbage heaps have become breeding ground for mosquitoes and pigs thrive in the area, posing a threat to the safety of people.Maruti Nagar and Netaji colony do not have proper interior roads. The officials are least bothered to provide drain facility at many areas. Some drains are blocked with garbage, emanating foul smell. Mehboob Sab Mulla, a resident, said the drainage chamber, which has not closed after it was fixed here, poses a threat to pedestrians and road users. \"Walking through the stretch during night is not advisable,\" he added.According to Ashok, a resident of Netaji colony, as the garbage container is kept in the open site, pigs roam around the area.\"No one dares to go there and dump garbage in the bins. People are forced to throw waste in the open site instead of the container. This issue can be solved only if the corporation employees clear the bins regularly,\" he said.The situation is no different in Maruti Nagar. Drains have not been cleaned properly while the underground drainage work is moving at a snail's pace.The corporation is neither bothered to provide adequate garbage bins or clean the containers placed at some areas on a regular basis, say residents.Corporator Raghavendra Ramadurg told TOI that people are dumping garbage indiscriminately in the area due to which stray pig and dog menace is on the rise.\"UGD line laying work is in process and will be completed soon,\" he claimed.No one dares to go there and dump garbage in the bins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12500028", "title": "Firemen cash in on hospital safety: IMA", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian Medical Association has sought probe into complaints from private hospitals that fire department officers are seeking bribes to wink at fire safety chinks on their premises.The association will write to chief minister J Jayalalithaa and health minister V S Vijay on Monday, detailing the complaints received from over 500 hospitals and nursing homes across the state about harassment from the fire officers.After the blaze at a Kolkata hospital, Tamil Nadu fire services department was asked to inspect hospitals in the state to check for fire safety. Firemen will look for safety features such as wide ramps and staircases, fire extinguishers, lifts and the condition of electrical wirings in the hospitals.Association president Dr K Prakasam said doctors were willing to depose before the inquiry panel. \"If the hospitals lack safety, the fire department should fine them or give them time to rectify. Instead, officials blatantly demand money from doctors,\" he said.Senior doctors huddled up at Tirunelveli on Saturday where they talked about the harassment . Dr TN Ravishankar, who heads Deepam Hospital Group, said fire service officers sought Rs 40,000 from one of his hospitals as it did not have ramps and Rs 25,000 from another hospital. \"My hospital was built several years ago. I have permission from all the required authorities . We are willing to make changes to improve fire safety. Shouldn't they give us a notice and time to make these changes ? \" he said.Vijay Sekar, deputy director of Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Services, said, \"The possibility of firemen demanding bribe is less. But if there is any truth, we will initiate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497458", "title": "Bob Biswas's kahaani gets attention on Facebook", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the song 'Kolaveri Di' ran viral on YouTube recently, Bob Biswas's unique ways of the innocent looking sales executive and a murderer in disguise from the film 'Kahaani' is enjoying significant attention on Facebook.A Facebook page of the character created by students of the Mudra Institute of Communication Ahmedabad (MICA) is receiving more than a thousand new members everyday in the past few days.The page which portrays the fictional character as a Facebook user who cracks cold jokes was started on March 14. Within a few days of creation, the page began to gain popularity and by Sunday evening, it had more than 20,000 members.The page posts pictures of Bob being present at every place across the timeline - like him witnessing extinction of the dinosaurs from the jungles, onboard the titanic in the sea, and pictures of him being a part of the Indian shooting team in the Olympics 2012 which is to be held in London . Each of these pictures with a cold joke inherited with his indifferent ways as was portrayed originally in the film, draws hundreds of 'likes' and comments from the members of the page.Abhishek Rane, one of the students who created the page said, \"It started as a crazy idea over a midnight tea. Our idea was to experiment and popularize the character through the page by engaging the audiences through memes, conversations, user generated contents and witty banters. It has worked well.\"Talking about why they chose the character, Rane said, \"The character's trivial treatment of murder intrigued us. A hired assassin with a beatific smile and a day job as an LIC agent tickled our funny bone. For us, Kahaani's definitive images weren't the protagonists or the poetically shot Kolkata backdrop but ways of Bob Biswas.\"The students of communication management have now extended the project to other platforms such as Twitter and Pinterest. \"This page is a tribute not just to the character that Bob is, but also to the writer's, director's and the actor's efforts that have gone into its making,\" said Rane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503143", "title": "Vidya, Raima's close bond", "text": "Vidya Balan and Riama Sen share a special camaraderie. The two were caught together giggling away to glory during the screening of Parineeta recently. The two met up at the Vidhu Vinod Chopra film festival held in the surburbs recently.An eyewitness said, \"Raima kept whispering in Vidya's ears and Vidya kept laughing. Ever since the two met during Parineeta, Vidya and Raima have been great friends.\"A source said, \"The two always make it a point to catch up whenever they can. They dine or at times catch up at a coffee shop in the evenings. It is a very rare to see two actresses share this kind of a camaraderie.\"The actresses have no qualms just hopping in an autorickshaw and meeting each other.\"The two enjoy using public transport at times just to meet up. For both, friendship is all about meeting up whenever and whichever they can. Vidya and Raima know that they can always depend on the other. It is this 4 am friendship that has bonded them closer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12500113", "title": "Police trace missing boy to Nagpur", "text": "CHENNAI: A 14-year-old boy, who was reported missing on Friday, has been traced to Nagpur. He will be brought to the city on Monday, police said.The boy's parents in their complaint to the Thiruvottiyur police said he had gone missing after being rebuked by a girl's parents for giving her a love letter . Police said the boy of Mettu Street near Sathangadu followed a girl and gave her a gift with a letter on Wednesday.Since the girl refused to accept the gift, he dropped it inside the school van in which she was travelling. Following this, she told her parents who allegedly scolded the boy and asked him to apologise on Thursday. On Friday , the boy left for school and didn't return home. Police said, details of how the boy reached Nagpur will be known when he is brought back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498859", "title": "Municipal Corporation owes Rs 1 crore to UT architecture wing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: One the one side Chandigarh municipal corporation passed a resolution few months ago against the UT architect wing official and has been blaming the department for not preparing the architectural designs of their projects, but on the other, it came out that the civic body did not pay around Rs 1 crore to the architect wing for their work in preparing architectural designs for MC's projects.All these projects are of crucial nature and public oriented.The architect wing prepared architectural designs for multi-level parking coming up in Sector 17, marriage palace planned in Manimajra, extensive extension of northern part of Sector 17 plaza, over-bridge coming up in Sector 17 and a primary school site.But, the cost of these projects have not been paid yet.Sumit Kaur, chief architect to UT's architecture wing said, \"We discussed this issue in a recently held meeting with the officials of the civic body. We charge for each project from the architectural designs\", MC Chief Engineer S S Bidda said, \"The architect wing of the UT charges 1% amount of the project as their fee for preparing the architectural designs of each project.The work of some of the projects has completed recently and we will make all the payment for their work very soon.\"This is also a fact that municipal councillors have been criticizing the UT architect wing that department lingers on its projects and doesn't provide the designs on time, while the architect wing claims they have limited staff and each project takes time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12498746", "title": "New act proves sweet for city's halwa makers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Makers of famous 'Kozhikkodan halwa' or sweetmeat have reasons to cheer. With the implementation of the Food Safety and Standard Act 2006, they are hoping a change in their fortunes.The demand for sweetmeat had fallen drastically last year after the health authorities raided a few shops based on complaints of unhygienic conditions. But now with the new act that stipulates stringent hygiene measures set to be implemented from August, the sweetmeat makers believe that it will increase their sales.\"The implementation of the act would transform the image of the industry. Improving the hygienic conditions would benefit the industry in the long run,\" said V V Saleem, owner of the Viva Halwa Products. It will also help the firms stand up to competitions from major players.According to Dinesh Babu of Sankaran Bakery, hygiene is key to sweetmeat making and the act if enforced well would improve quality.D Sivakumar, designated officer, Food Safety, Kozhikode, said the act strictly stipulates that locations and surroundings of the manufacturing units should be clean. It also stipulates hygiene of equipment, air quality and ventilations in the units and use of portable water, and maintaining records on raw materials procured. The official said currently most halwa makers use low-quality packaging materials. But the new act directs makers to use food grade plastic for packaging.\"The act can be implemented only step by step and the conditions of manufacturing units will be improved,\" said Sivakumar. He said that some sweetmeat makers have already secured licence under the new act.The sweetmeat makers are also planning to market their product through supermarkets with attractive packing across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12499247", "title": "Ajay Devgan to celebrate his 43rd birthday in Patiala", "text": "PATIALA: Having become a fan of this royal city of Punjab, Bollywood actor Ajay Devgan will celebrate his 43rd birthday in Patiala on Monday.Many of his family members have reached the city for celebrations.As per sources, Ajay Devgan's daughter Nyasa, his mother- in-law Tanuja and sister-in-law Tanisha had reached Patiala on Saturday morning.All visited a heritage site -- Qila Mubarak -- on Saturday evening and paid obeisance at Baba Ala Singh gurdwara located inside the fort.They stayed in the fort for some hours and enjoyed shooting of \"Son of Sardar\", which has been going on in Patiala.\"I offered to help all family members. But Ajay said since the family has reached Patiala in the morning from Mumbai, they needed some rest and would come on Monday or Tuesday to visit all parts of the qila,\" said an officer, who is posted inside the qila.Other stars of the movie include Sanjay Dutt , Sonakashi Sinha and Juhi Chawla while Salman Khan has also reportedly agreed to play a guest role in the movie.All movie stars have been coming to Patiala as per the requirement of shooting while Ajay has been camping at a local hotel as he is playing the main role in the movie.Some crew members disclosed on anonymity that their schedule for Qila Mubarak was almost complete. In coming few days, they would start shooting for remaining scenes at Sheeshmahal, another heritage site of Patiala.\"Ajay is a very religious person. He considers Navratras an important festival and follows all rituals. But during the ongoing Navratras since he is out of his home, he has been going to the Kali Devi temple in Patiala whenever he gets time to pay obeisance. The temple is located near his hotel,'' said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12498765", "title": "Jumbos queue up for data book entry", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It was a rare sight at the Balussery Ponnamtheru Mahaganapathy Temple on Sunday when domesticated elephants from the northern region arrived for a medical examination before their names were included in the Elephant Data Book introduced by the forest department.A total of 38 elephants queued up to get their vital statistic recorded, among other data. The examination was conducted by a team led by Nilambur divisional forest officer P V Rajan.Forest veterinary doctors V Sunil and Sreejith Radhakrishna took the measures of the height, trunk, tail, head, ears, toes and tusk of the elephants.\"We also gathered details like name, age, sex, identification mark (10 digit number of the microchip implanted), medical history, the names of owners, the mahouts and the vet and the time at which they usually develop musth,\" said Tharassery forest range officer, Harilal. There are a total of 17 domesticated elephants in Malappuram, three in Kannur, 18 in Kozhikode and five in Wayanad. The examination was conducted by the Kerala Elephant Owners Federation with the support of forest and animal husbandry departments in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497293", "title": "Denied leave, constable shoots self", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An armed police constable with the city police headquarters shot himself with his service rifle at the headquarters on Sunday morning. While police are yet to know the reason behind the extreme step, sources said that the constable was denied leave to attend a marriage in his family that prompted him to shoot himself.Deceased, Kanubhai Baraiya, 40, a constable with city police and native of Dahod, Panchmahal, was living in the police line with his wife and children. On Sunday morning, he was outside his residence at 10.30 am when he shot six rounds from his rifle. He first fired four rounds in air. One round misfired after which Baraiya rested the rifle below his chin and pulled the trigger. The bullet pierced his brain and got out of the skull, resulting into instantaneous death.Nearby residents and police officials rushed to the spot after hearing gunshots. They found Baraiya in a pool of blood. Police recovered four bullets intact in his magazine. \"As per his senior officers, Baraiya was on sentry duty and was sent to protect various post-Godhra riots witnesses. He was to start off for Husainnagar near Naroda to be with one of the witnesses. We've recorded statements of his fellow constables and his senior officials. In her statement, Kashiben, his wife, has stated that there was no particular reason why he would take such a step,\" said a Madhavpura police official.However, police sources told TOI that Baraiya had applied for a leave for next month where he wanted to go to attend his nephew's marriage. However, after a lengthy paperwork, his superiors denied him any leave. As a man who went without leave for four months, Baraiya went berserk and opened fire. Sources added that the senior city police officials have taken the incident very seriously and have initiated an internal probe soon after the incident.Headquarters officials said that due to shortage of manpower during important events, many of the personnel and officials don't get regular leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12498861", "title": "Police find body of 12-year-old", "text": "NADIA: The body of Puja Biswas (12), a resident of Matiari under Kaliganj police station, was spotted in a nearby pond on Sunday, Nadia SP Sabyaschi Raman Mishra said. She was missing since March 29.The body is yet to be recovered and sniffer dogs will be brought on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502478", "title": "Fun, fashion and music at Hotel Samilton", "text": "Revellers were in for some good times at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, with city indie bands lined up to perform and DJ trio - Navneet, Xavier and Hardik - ready to get the party people into the groove with their smashing tunes.We were there when band 97 West Meets SBT performed some cool numbers. Enjoying their music was Joyee, who looked lovely in her printed maxi dress that she accessorized it with a beaded neckpiece. She posed for our shutterbug with DJ Xavier.Next up, it was the DJ's turn to rock the house along with his fellow spinners.The crowd was in for a double treat as a group of gorgeous gals strutted their stuff as part of an impromptu fashion show.We spotted Lata in a sexy LBD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12502721", "title": "SC raps Centre, state over PIL on women's sterlisation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued a notice to the Centre and state governments on a PIL alleging outsourcing of female sterilisation operations.The petitioner alleged that the sterilisation procedure in some cases is being done in torchlight in woeful conditions.The apex court has sought a response in 8 weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498229", "title": "3 DU courses lower criteria bar for quota candidates", "text": "NEW DELHI: More students can apply this year for three sought-after, non-technical professional undergraduate courses of Delhi University as the minimum eligibility criteria for the reserved categories have been relaxed.The admission process for bachelor of business studies (BBS), bachelor of financial investment and analysis (BFIA) and BA (H) business economics (BBE) will start from April 5. Among the major changes introduced is 10% relaxation to the OBC candidates from the eligibility criteria of general category students. Moreover, the university has decided not to convert any reserved category seat into a general seat.The admissions this year will be coordinated by SGTB Khalsa College. The online registration will start on April 5 and continue till May 5. The entrance test will be held on June 3 across four cities - Delhi, Lucknow, Chandigarh and Kolkata. \"Unlike last year when the minimum eligibility criteria for general and OBC candidates were the same, the OBC candidates are now offered a 10% relaxation. For OBC candidates, the minimum aggregate required in best of four subjects is 54% as against 60% for general candidates. For SC/ST candidates, a pass in the qualifying exams (Class XII) is the eligibility criteria this year instead of last year's 55%,\" said the chief admission coordinator and principal of Khalsa College, Jaswinder Singh. Besides compulsory English and maths, two other academic subjects will be taken into account for all aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498332", "title": "What Nagpur Municipal Corporation's parking rules say", "text": "Post 2001, a builder can only sell flats having proper parking facility- either stilt, basement, or in open- as per Development Control Rules.Besides, parking space, there should also be manoeuvring and other ancillary spaces, off street parking space must have adequate vehicle access to street. Parking space has to be paved and clearly marked for different types of vehicles.For every flat of more than 80 sq metres (861 sq ft) space has to be provided for one car, two motor cycles and two cycles.For every two flats of more 40 sq metres but not exceeding 80 sq m and for every four flats of up to 40 sq metres space has to be provided for two 2-wheelers and four cycles.For individual plot or houseParking for one car, two two-wheelers and two cycles is to be provided for every plot of area less than 300 sq m (3229 sq ft)Parking for two motor cycles and four cycles for a plot of area less than 100 sq m (1076 sq ft).In addition, if the building falls under residential-cum-commercial category, at least three metres space on one side of the building should be left for visitors' parking. There is no provision for visitors parking in purely residential buildings in Nagpur city DC rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503155", "title": "3's Albert theatre link", "text": "Rajinikath and Albert theatre in Chennai have a special link and that has been passed on to his daughter also it seems.Aishwarya Dhanush and Dhanush stuck to tradition and watched their film, 3, in the theatre with the audiences on Friday morning. In the evening, the couple attended the premiere of the film that was attended by several celebrities from the Tamil film industry.The film seems to have clicked majorly overseas. The Kolaveri star has thanked his fans and family for the support extended for the film. 3 has been in the news majorly due to the unprecedented success that the video of Why This Kolaveri enjoyed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501646", "title": "Nayan\u2019s promise makes the producer happy!", "text": "Nayanthara's promise to allot a few days for the promotions of the Tamil version of Sri Rama Rajyam has the film's producer happy. The actress is back to face the camera after her relationship with Prabhu Deva hit an all time low.Since she is back in action, Nayan felt that she should earn the goodwill of the filmmakers, say sources. When it was decided to release the dubbed version of Sri Rama Rajyam in Tamil, Nayan agreed to take part in the promotions.The film stars Balakrishna as Lord Rama and Nayan as Goddess Seetha. Ilayaraja had scored the music for this film. Award winner and singer Chinmayee has dubbed for Nayan.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12499967", "title": "How to choose a Term Plan", "text": "In these times of high inflation, 20 won't buy you much. But it is enough to buy Gopal Gidwani a term insurance cover of 49.99 lakh. The 38-year-old Pune-based professional pays an annual premium of 7,652 for the Anytime online term plan from IndiaFirst Life Insurance he bought two months ago.Term insurance policies have become very popular in the past 12 months. \"Premium rates have come down, companies are advertising term plans in a big way and the online channel is very convenient . This is why sales of term plans have shot up,\" says Amitabh Chaudhry, CEO and managing director of HDFC Life. The company launched its click2protect online term plan earlier this year. Aviva Life Insurance, which launched its i-Life plan in May 2011 has sold more than 18,000 policies in the past 10 months. Aegon Religare Life Insurance has sold nearly 25,000 i-Term plans.Financial planners contend that a term plan is the best form of insurance because it gives a very high cover at a low price. The premium of a term plan is a fraction of what you have to shell out when you buy an endowment plan, a money-back policy or a Ulip with the same coverage. Of course, this is also because there is no investment component in a term plan. The entire premium goes in covering the risk. Before you buy a term plan, here are a few things to consider.How much cover do you need?Life insurance is meant to provide the dependants of the policyholder with enough money to replace his income in case he dies. Your life insurance must take care of the following things: the basic expenditure that your family will incur, major expenses like marriage of children and other liabilities like loans. If the life cover is inadequate, it defeats the whole purpose of insurance. For instance , a good part of the 12.5 lakh insurance cover that Michael Fernandes has will go into paying the 3 lakh car loan that he has recently taken. The Goabased sole breadwinner of a family of four needs an insurance cover of at least 30 lakh.Till when do you need the cover?The tenure of the term plan is almost as important as the amount of cover. An insurance policy should cover a person till the age he intends to work. Till a few years ago, this was 60 years. \"However, a person may continue working beyond the age of 60,\" points out Andrew Cartwright, chief actuary, Kotak Life Insurance. Moreover, late marriages and having children at a higher age mean responsibilities do not end at 60. Experts believe a person needs a life cover till at least 65 years, though it may vary according to circumstances.Don't take a short-term cover of 15-20 years that ends when you are in your 40s. The premium will be very low because you will be insuring yourself for the nonrisky years. In the 40s, the need for life cover is at its zenith. If you take fresh insurance at that age, it will cost you a bomb. You might even be denied the cover if you have not been keeping well.Choose a term plan that offers you the flexibility of fixing the tenure. Many online term plans come with fixed tenures of 15, 20, 25 and 30 years. Others don't offer insurance beyond 60 years. So, a 32-year-old will not be eligible for a 30-yearplan and will have to buy a 25-year cover, which will end when he is 57 years old. It is best to avoid such plans and opt for a policy that can be customised to your needs.Mumbai-based Vivek Kumar has configured the tenures of his five term plans in a way that they match his financial goals. Whenever a goal is achieved, the corresponding term plan terminates. \"I have tried to ensure that in case I am not around, my daughter's education and marriage will be taken care of,\" he says.Have you factored in inflation?Have you bought a 50 lakh cover and think it is sufficient for you? Think again. The value of 50 lakh will only be 28 lakh after 10 years assuming an inflation of just 6%. To get around this problem, some insurance companies offer plans where the cover increases by 5-10 % every year or is indexed to inflation. \"As your sum assured would automatically increase in the coming years, it would take care of the increase in your income as well as inflation ,\" says Rituraj Bhattacharya, head, product development and market management , Bajaj Allianz.Inflation is high right now but may scale down in the coming months. The long-term average inflation in India is expected to be 6-6 .5%. \"A 5% increase in the insured amount won't match inflation . If you must go for such plans, opt for either a 10% annual increase or an index-linked one,\" says Cartwright.Kotak Life Insurance offers a plan that allows you to increase your sum assured at certain stages of your life. You can raise the sum assured by up to 50% when you marry or buy a new home. A 25% increase in sum assured is allowed on the birth of a child or the first, third or fifth anniversary of policy purchase. However , your revised cover cannot be more than three times the original sum assured.Keep in mind that the premium of such plans is higher than that of an ordinary plan. A more cost-effective solution is to review your insurance needs at every life stage and add more cover if required.The opposite of an increasing cover is a plan where the cover comes down. Such plans are meant to cover big-ticket credits such as a house loan. The cover comes down as you repay the loan and eventually ends. Here again, experts recommend a simple term plan than go for complex offerings.The return of premium plan, for instance, is a sham that gives the buyer the total premiums paid at the end of the plan, but the inflation-adjusted value of this sum is meagre. Paying a higher premium for this benefit is not advisable. Likewise, the single premium option is not a good idea because it frontloads the entire cost of the cover. In case of early death, the premium for the rest of the term goes waste. In a regular plan, the buyer gets the same insurance benefit by paying far less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12499096", "title": "More houses coming up, no infrastructure in sight", "text": "GURGAON: The department of town and country planning has issued 780 licences under the draft master plan of Gurgaon-Manesar Urban complex 2021, later revised to master plan 2025.Under this, 4,690 acres of land has been sanctioned for private group housing and plotted development. This is out of a total of 37,088 acres of land which has to be developed as both group housing and residential zones in the new master plan.This data goes on to show that the state has already sanctioned 15% of demarcated land available for residential growth to be carried out by the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA), as licences for private development.The licence issued for private development is not indicative of the land banks under private builders. Also, with ongoing construction work at several group housing projects spread across the upcoming sectors from 58 to 115, the laying of basic infrastructure like roads, sewerage, water pipelines, power sub-stations and power distribution lines and even police stations by HUDA, are lagging far behind schedule.This can leave anyone wondering whether the newer sectors under the MP 2025 might also face similar issues as those in the existing 57 sectors.Meanwhile, with HUDA not announcing or even remotely planning the launch of any new sectors, home buyers are left at the mercy of private players who have no checks and balances on the pricing, be it on Golf Course extension road, the sectors near Manesar or those aligned along the Northern Peripheral Road (or Dwarka Expressway).The lopsided development can also be seen by the fact that there has been no land acquisition by HUDA or the town and country planning department for development of residential sectors. The last time one heard of the department showing intentions to acquire land for developing public utilities was almost two years ago.Also, going by the proposed population density under the new master plan 2025 the sector density has been increased from 80 Persons Per Acre (PPA) to 100 PPA and from 100 PPA to 120 PPA for Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex which seems like another non-plausible factor with highrise projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon/new delhi", "code": "12498742", "title": "Centre seeks Mangar report", "text": "GURGAON/NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked the Haryana government to furnish details on the status of protecting Mangar forest cover on the Gurgaon-Faridabad border. Environment activists have been demanding that the state notify this patch of the green cover as deemed forest considering its ecological importance.In a letter issued to the principal secretary (forests) in mid-March, H C Chaudhary, assistant inspector general (forests) of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF), has asked the Haryana forest secretary to submit the comments of the state government at the \"earliest\".The MoEF took action after Sanskara, an NGO working for environment protection, took up the issue with ministry in the light of the Haryana government's massive development plan for 23 villages including Mangar, which will be notified soon.\"Mangar Bani is a sacred grove. This region is one of the last strongholds of a unique ecosystem. Dhau (Anogeisus pendula), an endangered species of flora that propagates through root fungi, is still found here. These forests are also home to porcupines, partridges, peafowl, hare, jackal, mongoose and various species of birds amongst other wildlife,\" said Tykee Malhotra of Sanskara.It was for the first time in 2008-09, this environment protection group had taken up the issue of saving the forest cover by submitting a petition signed by locals of Mangar and adjoining villages to protect the eco-sensitive zone. Then Haryana had planned to develop a Knowledge Corridor along the Gurgaon-faridabad road including a big European Technology Park.Subsequently, in January 2009, at a meeting with Haryana and the Forest Survey of India (FSI) on mining, colonization and related issues in the Aravali hills it was agreed that the MoEF may consider some site-specific projects of public interest after approval from the Centre. It was also decided that the Knowledge Corridor would exclude the deemed forest area of Mangar Bani in Mangar village and the state should notify as \"reserved/ protected forest\", Malhotra has mentioned in her letter to the ministry. Environment activists feel that since the extraction of groundwater from deep mines for mining of silica, sand and other construction materials was banned in 2002 the groundwater level has increased. This means Mangar Bani could well be a catchment area for the surrounding villages in the Aravali region.In the recent past, several other residents' bodies and environment activists have raised the demand of protecting the green cover in Mangar which has been part of the natural ridge in the Aravali region. There are also reports that the state is likely to exclude the forest cover from the development plan that is likely to be out in a week or 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12499084", "title": "New fiscal begins on a dull note as people feel heat of budgets", "text": "INDORE: The new financial year started on a dull note in the state. The simple reason is that the people here are feeling the heat of the budgets of both the Centre and the state. This is despite the fact that there have been instances of tax rollback in certain cases, keeping in view the growing resentment among the people.The excise duty on commodities has been increased by 2%. Similarly, there is a rise in services tax by 2% too. These all have badly hit the small-time traders. This is despite the fact that there has been a reduction in prices on CFL bulbs and also there is a rollback of VAT on cloth and sugar, which had earlier been increased to 5% by the state government. Again, the VAT on power tariff was withdrawn due to public protest, but to no avail as the state's electricity regulator increased the rate of power consumption by 9-10% per unit.Meanwhile, the ongoing nationwide strike by the jewellers protesting the imposition of excise duty on unbranded jewelleries and bringing the sales of jewellery beyond Rs 2 lakh under the ambit of tax through TDS, entered 17{+t}{+h} day on Sunday.Sudhir Gupta, secretary, Indore Chandi Sona Jawara Vyapari Association, told ToI, \"We have extended our strike to April 4 in line with the extension of the ongoing nationwide strike.\"The jewellers' strike got support from cloth merchants also. Kishore Wadhwani, president, Rajwada Cloth Market Merchants' Association, said that they were supporting the bandh being observed by the jewellers as they felt that their demand were genuine.\"That is why we had also observed half-day bandh in support of the jewellers' demand recently,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500026", "title": "Infinite opportunities", "text": "Elisabeth Knust, DFG vice-president , director of the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biology in Dresden, talks to Narayani Ganesh on new research opportunities for Germany and IndiaCould you tell us what exactly is it that you are looking for in India?The main focus of Infinite Opportunities initiative is to present Germany as a country that welcomes foreigners and specifically Indian researchers to Germany. However, probably there are still some impressions of Germany that need to be corrected as more and more people come to Germany from India. We would also like to explain what the DFG is all about.What kind of correction?First, reservations of prospective researchers who plan to come to Germany , followed by the language issue that is still a major problem that Indian students face when they go to Germany as they cannot understand what people there are talking about. However, in terms of scientific standards , there is no difference between going to the US or to Germany to do a post-doctoral research. I tell my students, who are looking for post-doctoral opportunities abroad, that all they are looking for is available in abundance in Germany.As far as the Indo-German International Research Training Group (IRTG) projects are concerned, what is it that you are looking for?A lot of opportunities exist and this fact should be made public - more and more scientists should be aware of what is available so that they can make an informed choice. International Research Training Group (IRTG) is only one of the many initiatives that are available as part of the Indo-German synergetic co-operation in higher research.Are you looking for collaboration in specific areas?I work at the Max Planck Institute of Molecular Biology in Dresden and we are connected with universities; a lot of programmes are initiated by these universities and many people are not aware of these opportunities. At Dresden we are very open to welcoming international students, as this really fosters research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12498721", "title": "200 units of blood donated for thalassemic kids", "text": "LUDHIANA: At least 200 residents donated blood at a camp organized by Niswarth Sewa Society in association with Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) for Thalassemic children at Shree Adhinath Jain Mandir on Sunday.Niswarth Sewa Society president Lovely Jain said women accounted for 40% of the donors in the camp organized to mark the birth anniversary festival of Lord Rama and Lord Mahavira.Rishi Nagar resident Bhavna Jain, 23, an insurance professional, said it was the fourth time she donated blood for a noble cause. ''I will continue to participate in such efforts in future too,'' she added. Another volunteering donor, 24-year-old Hargovind Nagar resident Vipan Grover, a businessman who donated blood for the first time, said, ''I am feeling good about having done something for society's good and these children's health. I hope others too realize the worth of donating blood and participate in such camps.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499450", "title": "Swine flu cases detected in Jaipur and Jodhpur", "text": "JAIPUR: Three more persons tested positive for swine flu in the state on Sunday. Two of them are from Jaipur while the third case was detected in Jodhpur.Going by the figures of swine flu cases, it is seen that children and pregnant women are the main targets of the H1N1 influenza, but the two cases in Jaipur are of a 25-year-old man, a resident of Vaishali Nagar and a 35-year-old man, a resident of Vishwakarma industrial area. A medical health and family welfare department official said that both were outdoor patient department cases. The doctor advised them to undergo tests for swine flu.So far, 34 cases of swine flu have been detected in last 32 days in Jaipur.The 26-year-old woman, who tested positive for the flu in Jodhpur, is a resident of Nagaur and had gone to Jodhpur for treatment. She was admitted to the SN medical college where she underwent the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "12499414", "title": "Jail guard lands in anti-corruption bureau net for taking bribe", "text": "BIKANER: The anti-corruption bureau on Sunday caught a jail guard accepting bribe to arrange a meeting with a prisoner at the Central Jail.DSP (ACB) Niyaj Mohd told TOI that the agency received a complaint from one Islamuddin, a resident of Old Ginani area in Bikaner, that jail guard Nihal Singh Balmiki has demanded bribe of Rs 1,000 to arrange his meeting with one Sahiram Fauji, a prisoner.Islamuddin had gone to visit Fauji in connection with a land-related matter, but was not allowed by the jail authorities to meet him. Fauji has been convicted in the murder of Youth Congress leader Ramkishan Siyag.The jail guard approached Islamuddin and claimed he could arrange his meeting with Fauji if he gives him two liquor bottles and 2 kg meat, or Rs 1000 cash.Islamuddin agreed to pay him cash and then approached the ACB. After verifying his claims, the agency set a trap for the guard. On Sunday, Islamuddin went to jail and offered the bribe money to the guard. The latter was then caught by the sleuths.In another case, patwari Hanuman Suthar was arrested late on Saturday from the main bus stand in Bikaner for accepting a bribe of Rs7 lakh-Rs1 lakh cash, remaining in cheque-from one Hardip Singh for transferring a piece of land in Singh's name that belonged to his uncle.Suthar was produced before the court on Sunday and remanded in judicial custody.As per complaint of Hardip Singh, he originally belongs to Padampur tehsil of Sri Ganganagar district and Patwari Hanuman Suthar is posted at Gudhuwala (Padampur). In lieu of the conversion of name, Suthar demand rupees seven lakhs from Hardip Singh. Hardip Singh lodged complaint with ACB, Bikaner, which after verifying the same, planned the trap. On Saturday, Hanuman Suthar contacted Hardip Singh on phone five times, and after getting assured about the money, he came to Bikaner by bus for taking the cash and cheque. When Hardip Singh given him rupees one lakh cash and cheque of rupees six lakhs, ACB team nabbed Hanuman Suthar red handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497466", "title": "Bank managers cheat NRI, divert Rs 48L", "text": "MUMBAI: Private wealth managers and asset consultants maybe the latest luxury services being offered by Indian banks to their most valued customers, but little is spoken about the risk involved in sharing your financial history with these 'consultants'. US-based NRI, Dhirajlal Babaria, learnt this the hard way after his 'trusted' bank managers siphoned off Rs 48 lakh that he had invested in six mutual funds on their insistence. More than two years after he filed a criminal complaint in the matter, he said lackadaisical approach to the investigation has ensured that justice still eludes him.Babaria, a resident of Texas for the past 25 years, held an NRI account with the IndusInd Bank at the Lamington Road Branch since 1995. In 2008, on one of his regular India visits, his wealth manager suggested to him that he should invest some money in mutual funds to get a higher rate of interest on his savings. \"He made a power of attorney in the name of the branch manager and the NRI section manager so that they could look after his accounts. However, we were shocked to find that soon after there was no money in his account,\" said his cousin Vijay Patel, who is now fighting his case in Mumbai.Patel claims that somewhere in 2009, some members of IndusInd Bank created a false account under Babaria's name in Axis Bank and gradually diverted all the money invested in the mutual fund into that account. He adds that in order to create this account, the accused forged vital documents like Babaria's PAN card, his residence proof, photo identification and signature. \"Documents we have accessed show that these men from IndusInd Bank made a false identity card and even showed fake residence proof. Once they opened this bogus account, they continued to withdraw money till nothing was left,\" said Patel.This came to light in January 2010 and Babaria immediately lodged a police complaint with the DB Marg police station. In the FIR he has named several people including senior and midlevel officers of the IndusInd Bank and Axis Bank for their complicity in the fraud. \"Despite repeated attempts and several meetings with the police, little action has been taken. They arrested one person but later released him on bail. They said they haven't been able to trace the other two main accused. We strongly suspect money has changed hands leading to an inept and sluggish probe,\" said Patel.Investigating officer of the case, Inspector S Desai, refuted the allegations and said good progress had been made in the matter. \"We arrested one person but the court granted him bail. The investigations are on and the case is now in court so it is not appropriate for me to comment on this,\" he said.Despite repeated calls to IndusInd Bank and Axis Bank, TOI was not able to talk to any senior official in the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502914", "title": "Rajkumar in Anna Bond v/s KVSS battle", "text": "This April, despite the IPL being in full swing, the month end will see a major box office battle between two of the biggest Kannada releases in 2012. This will put Upendra, who recently scored big with his film Super, alongside Puneeth Rajkumar, who is said to be the most bankable actor in Sandalwood.Puneeth's Anna Bond will feature him alongside current heartthrobs Priyamani and Nidhi Subbaiah, while Upendra's Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi (KVSS) will see Upendra reunite with his Gowramma co-star and reigning diva Ramya after many years.The films are both scheduled to release on April 27, which will mean it will be a battle at Gandhinagar to see who emerges victorious. In this battle, the latest to get stuck is late Dr Rajkumar.In a bizarre coincidence, it is learnt that both these films are using old tracks from Dr Rajkumar films and recreating them for the audience. While Anna Bond recently saw the song Kanadanthe mayavadanu... from Rajkumar's superhit movie Chalisuva Modagalu being picturised, sources say that KVSS will see the remixed version of 'Muttinanta matondu gottenamma... from Bahadur Gandu.With both these biggies deciding to go after one another, eventually the ones who stand to gain are the Dr Rajkumar fans, who will hear two immortal tracks recreated with current superstars.Strange are the ways of competition in the film industry, don't you think?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12499494", "title": "New batch of judges for Madurai bench", "text": "MADURAI: A new batch of 14 judges will begin to hold their sittings at the Madurai bench of the Madras high court from Monday. As per rotational system, the judges of the Madras high court will be having their sittings at the bench for at least period of three months.The previous batch of judges has completed their three month term last Friday. In order to dispose more number of cases at the Madurai bench, the strength of judges have been increased from the present number 12 to 14. As per new arrangement, the bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice B Rajendran will look after all civil division bench matters, writ petitions, writ appeals, first appeals, contempt petition and contempt appeal and others.Another bench consisting Justice S Rajeswaran, Justice M Vijayaragavan will handle all habeas corpus petitions and criminal appeals.Justices K Venkataraman, A Selvam, M Sathyanarayanan, R S Ramanathan, D Hariparanthaman, Aruna Jagadeesan, G M Akbar Ali, A Arumughaswamy, K B K Vasuki and Justice S Vimala will have their sittings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12497785", "title": "Swine flu claims life of 75-year-old", "text": "COIMBATORE: The death of a 75-year-old farmer from Tirupur district has been confirmed as the first swine flu fatality in the state in the last two years.C Kandasamy, a farmer from Poolakkattu Thottam village in Tirupur district, was admitted to a private hospital after complaining of fever and throat pain a fortnight ago. After failing to respond to treatment, he was tested for swine flu. The test results showed positive after which he was shifted to Coimbatore Medical College on Saturday, where he was declared brought dead.\"The patient was referred to the government hospital at the last moment and was already dead when he was brought to the medical college,\" said S Senthilkumar, deputy director of health services, Coimbatore.Authorities are yet to ascertain how the victim was infected, as he had reportedly not travelled out of Tirupur recently. However, the district administration in Tirupur and Coimbatore are in a state of alert and are taking precautionary measures to contain the disease.\"We are yet to confirm the origin of infection. We have sent our teams to the victim's residence and are also screening his relatives and friends who were in close contact with him,\" said Dr G Raghunathan, deputy director Health Services, Dharapuram, Tirupur district.Tirupur collector M Mathivanan formed a threemember team to monitor the situation in the district. \"There is no need to panic as this may be an isolated case,\" he said.Kandasamy is survived by his wife, elder sister and daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502874", "title": "Audio release of \u201cEega\u201d sees Sudeep speaking in Kannada", "text": "A good cross-section of Kannadigas were present in the program convened for the release of audio tracks of Telugu film Eega.This flick is directed by Rajamouli. Brahma Kumari auditorium in Hydrabad was the venue of the glittering function, on 30th March , Friday. Initially, Sudeep started speaking in Kannada thanking Telugu film stalwarts. After some time, he switched on to English expressing his sense of astonishment because of the presence of many Kannada-knowing persons in the hall.Many leading heroes viz., tiger NTR, Prahbas, Ravi Teja, Sunil, Dada Saheb Phalke award winner Rama Naidu, directors K.Raghavendra Rao and Dasari Narayana Rao, Super stars Nagarjuna and Victory Venkatesh were the notable film personalities who graced the evening.Sudeep was very close to junior NTR and Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja due to his long-lasting friendship. He had acted in 'Veera Madakari' which was a remake of 'Vikramarkudu' which featured Ravi Teja in hero's character.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503232", "title": "I learnt effortless acting from Soumitra Chatterjee: Chandan", "text": "Chandan Roy Sanyal says he is eternally grateful to Tollywood to have got the opportunity to share a scene with Soumitra Chatterjee in 'Aparajita Tumi'Working with Dadasaheb Phalke awardee Soumitra Chatterjee has helped Chandan Roy Sanyal to evolve as an actor. Memories of shooting with the legendary actor in Kolkata for Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury's \"AT\" are fresh in his mind.\"He is very international and that's why I adore him so much,\" Chandan says. Ask him what he learnt from Chatterjee and he says, \"From him, I learnt effortlessness, patience and preparation. The way he explains and prepares his scenes and the eternal charming smile of his are too infectious.Now I know how he worked as an actor. He is class. I was once touring England with A Midsummer Night's Dream and I remember seeing his huge cutouts on the Thames. Some Ray festival was happening there and I had to explain to my Tamil drum player who he was. I told him that he is a very big hero in Bengal. He is a legend and I am eternally grateful for having got the chance to do a scene with him in \"AT\". I'd love to call him Sir Chatterjee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12503002", "title": "Marketing lesson for BlackBerry-maker RIM", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: For Apple, it's \"Think Different.\" For RIM, how about \"Be Heard?\"That's the advice of one former marketer at Apple, a company known for its advertising genius and ability to convince e-mail addicts weaned on the BlackBerry's Chiclet keyboard that typing on the iPhone's glass is cooler.With RIM's share of the global smartphone market continuing to slide, Bloomberg asked a couple of marketing execs who worked with Apple: What would you do to freshen up RIM's dusty public image?\"There are some very simple marketing and strategic options for RIM, and it's certainly not too late,\" Alec Marshall, who was a marketing executive at Apple from 2003 to 2008, wrote in an e-mail. \"When I arrived at Apple, we had 6 per cent market share. Things are a little different now.\"Different indeed. According to ComScore, RIM's slice of the worldwide smartphone market was 15.2 per cent in the last quarter, down from 17.2 per cent in the previous period. Meanwhile, Apple's share grew to 29.5 per cent from 28.1 percent during the same period.RIM's \"product positioning should be simple and elegant,\" said Marshall, who is now a marketing vice president for app developer Eyecon Resources. \"They should learn from Apple circa 1997 and simplify their lineup.\" Some of the most recent mobile-phone models from RIM are the BlackBerry Torch 9850, the BlackBerry Torch 9860 and the BlackBerry Touch 9900 (that's Touch, not Torch).In its continued advertising blitz, Apple puts the spotlight on some of the innovative things you can do with its mobile products using apps, Marshall wrote. RIM's greatest edge was its mastery of messaging tools, which it has ignored recently in marketing. (The phones also have superior battery life, but that's probably a hard aspect to advertise.)RIM lost focus when it attempted to mimic the app stores popularized by Apple and Google's Android , he wrote. \"Once they choose a tactic, the messaging should be simple,\" said Marshall. \"Something like, 'Be heard.'\"A RIM spokeswoman referred a request for comment to statements made by Thorsten Heins, the company's president and chief executive officer, on yesterday's earnings call. Heins has expressed optimism that a marketing chief could give RIM a shot in the arm, and he said the search continues. Keith Pardy, RIM's former chief marketing officer, left a year ago, and Brian Wallace, a former RIM vice president of marketing, left a few months after that to join Samsung Telecommunications America.RIM may be better off forgetting about advertising its phones to consumers altogether, said Sean Crotty, who worked as an evangelist for Apple in the early-1990s, in an e-mail. Still, RIM should play up the BlackBerry as a communication device, not as an Angry Birds player, he wrote.\"BlackBerry wins as a pure business tool,\" said Crotty, who is now an executive at consulting firm TJL. \"The RIM designers don't have the same consumer 'wow' focus in their DNA. RIM should stick with what it has always been good at -- making the best business-only communication tool.\"Steve Hayden, who worked on Apple's iconic \"1984? commercial for the Macintosh and retired as vice chairman for advertising firm Ogilvy in January, is less optimistic about the BlackBerry.\"If I knew how to save the BlackBerry, I would be talking to RIM right now,\" he said in a phone interview. Hayden's advice: RIM should consider shuttering its hardware units, similar to how Jobs killed the Newton, printers and other divisions when he returned to Apple in 1997. \"When you look at Apple in '96, they were pretty close to extinct,\" he said.Perhaps RIM's most promising road to growth is in software, Hayden said. RIM said in November that it was working on tools called Mobile Fusion for securing iPhones and Androids for use with corporate data.\"There is some hope in Mobile Fusion,\" Hayden said. \"It's got to be a software offering rather than just their steady focus on hardware. They haven't done too well on the hardware front.\" From there, RIM might be able to spend its ad dollars on presenting itself as a friendly developer of corporate tools, he said.It might not be as \"killer\" as commercials with surfer dudes using BlackBerry Messenger, but as RIM CEO Heins said, \"substantial change is what RIM needs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501887", "title": "Is your skin spot cancerous? The skinny on moles", "text": "The importance of wearing sunscreen to prevent skin cancer has been drilled into your head since the day you were born. But you're way too young to start inspecting yourself for iffy moles, right?Actually, say dermatologists, you're not. Dr. Jessica Krant, assistant clinical professor of dermatology at SUNY Downstate Medical Center and founder of Art of Dermatology in New York City, says the time to start is now. \"If you get used to how your moles and skin look when nothing is wrong, you'll be ready to notice changes over time,\" she explains, adding that, though rare, \"skin cancer does occur in teens and even in children, so there really is no age too young to start knowing your skin.\" But how can you \"know\" your skin? When is a mole just a mole, and when is it a sign of something worse? To answer these questions and more, here are three healthy habits you should be using to keep tabs on your body's largest organ.No. 1: Get an annual checkupMake an appointment with a board-certified dermatologist for a complete head-to-toe skin cancer screening. For most people, this will become an annual event, but depending on your skin type and coloring, sun exposure, and family skin cancer history, you may need to go more often. \"Everyone is truly different, so your dermatologist should work with you to figure out the schedule that works best for your situation,\" says Krant.No. 2: Check yourself using the ABCDE'sIn between dermatological visits, you need to inspect your own skin. In order to get to know what's normal for you, Krant suggests looking at easy-to-see spots once a month. Less visible areas can be looked at every four to six months. Although cancers are more likely to develop in parts of the body that are more exposed to the sun, they can still form in areas the sun doesn't see. That means a complete skin exam includes the bottoms of your feet, in between your toes, your scalp and your underwear area. \"Use a mirror to look at hard-to-see areas,\" says Dr. Joshua Zeichner, director of cosmetic and clinical research for the Department of Dermatology of Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City. \"Ask your wife or girlfriend to check out your back.\"What you're looking for, says Zeichner, is the ABCDE's of moles.A = Asymmetry, when one side of the mole does not look like the other sideB = Border, when the border of the mole is irregular and not roundC = Color, when there are various shades of brown, black, blue, or white in the moleD = Diameter changing (according to Krant, dermatologists used to warn against moles that are larger than a pencil eraser, but doctors now know that melanomas can be smaller)E = Evolution, when the mole changes over timeAnother general guideline, says Krant, is to search for anything that looks different from when you last saw it or that doesn't look like most of the other marks on you. \"There are three main types of skin cancer,\" she explains. \"Each is formed when a different skin cell type goes bad.\" When a brown mole turns malignant, it forms melanoma, the least common but deadliest skin cancer. But there is also a type of melanoma that has no brown pigment; it can look pink or red and is easily overlooked. \"Basal cell carcinoma, the most common type of skin cancer, can appear as a clear 'pearly' bump, a flat white scar-like patch, or a pimple-like sore that may bleed and heal and then bleed again,\" says Krant. Squamous cell carcinoma often appears as a flaky, scaly red bump, or a small patch that looks like a rash but won't heal.No. 3: When in doubt, call a professionalWith all the different places on your body to check and all the different types of spots to look out for, it can feel overwhelming. Just do the best you can to keep track of your skin, and head to your specialist if you spy something that makes you uneasy. At the very least, he or she will reassure you that it's benign. And if it isn't, rest assured you did the right thing: All three types of skin cancers are potentially deadly, but they're also curable if caught early.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498045", "title": "Juhu crash: 2 girls fighting for survival", "text": "MUMBAI: Two of the passengers of the car that crashed at Juhu Tara Road early on Saturday are \"comatose\" and \"struggling to survive\". Even if they come through, doctors said, Nimisha Mane (19) and Priyanka Rai (20) may suffer life-long deformities or remain in a persistent vegetative state.Mane, who is in the ICU of Nanavati Hospital, has suffered major brain injuries. And Rai, who is fighting for her life in Criticare Hospital in Andheri, has fractures in her vertebrae, skull, ribs and legs. Both are breathing with the support of ventilators. Doctors said their priority is to save the lives of the two.Rai and Mane were travelling in their friend Rahul Mishra's Hyundai Getz. Rahul was in an inebriated state. One of the passengers, Shivani Rawat (18), died of chest and head injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499790", "title": "Traditional services mark beginning of Holy Week", "text": "KOCHI: The Christians in the city celebrated Palm Sunday with fervour. Palm Sunday services were conducted in churches across the city marking the commencement of holy week.The day symbolizes the arrival of Jesus Christ in Jerusalem for the festival of Passover when crowds greeted him waving palm leaves. On Sunday, palm fronds blessed by the chief celebrant were distributed among the faithful after which they took out a procession.Special services were held in churches in the city to mark the occasion. During the Palm Sunday services held in St Mary's Basilica, cardinal George Alencherry, major archbishop and head of the Syro-Malabar Church, led the Palm Sunday procession and blessed the palms.At the St Francis Assisi Cathedral, archbishop Francis Kallarakkal of Verapoly diocese led the mass and procession. Joseph Mar Gregorios of Jacobite church led the services at St George's Church, Karingachira.During the holy week, believers usually indulge in various pious practices like distributing alms, fasting, charity works and attending mass.\"The passion and intensity that prevailed during the holy week is not seen now. The attitude and culture of believers have changed. Many observe the holy week just for the sake of it,\" said Father Stephen Alathara, spokesperson of Kerala Catholic Bishop's Council.Starting from Palm Sunday, the faithful prepare for the Easter Sunday, the day Jesus Christ was resurrected. During the holy week, special services and rituals commemorating the incidents that led to the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ will be held in churches across the city.In Kochi, main services will be held at St Mary's Basilica and St Francis Assisi Cathedral church. On Maundy Thursday, cardinal Alencherry will lead the services at St Mary's Basilica in the morning, commemorating the Last Supper of Jesus.On Good Friday , the faithful will participate in the 'way of the cross' commemorating the sufferings and death of Jesus. The services for Easter will start with a procession of believers carrying lit-up candles at the entrance of the basilica and cathedral and it will be followed by a holy mass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499350", "title": "Another city team bags second position", "text": "JAIPUR: A team of six students from three schools in the city on Sunday bagged second position in the Ames Space Settlement Contest organized by the US space agency NASA. NASA had invited entries from schools across the world to suggest ways for building an artificial space settlement as an alternative.The team comprised Sahil Agarwal, Anuvrat Saboo and Bhavesh Lahariya of Neerja Modi School, Vedansh Sharma and Shreyansh Sharma of KD Jain School and Kshitiz Agarwal of Mahveer Public School. They submitted a detailed report on the most suitable position to establish space colonies. They won second position in Class 11 and 12 (small team category).They named their project 'Shiva' and argued that most suitable point for creating a human settlement is L-4 on the moon orbit between earth and moon. L-4 is among the five key points which has low gravitational force and is stable for settlement.\"The position between the earth and moon has equal gravitational force and equilibrium point. This position is ideal to derive various resources from the earth, moon and asteroids to establish a human settlement,\" Agarwal said.They suggested that 'Shiva' should be made of an element which has high melting point and light in weight because it will be thoroughly exposed to the sun. The elements including graphite, carbon fibers and aluminum are found abundance in the space and they said the settlement should be made from these elements.This mass has three residential bases on three plates layered one after another considering the fact that the human body can adapt and tolerate small variations in gravity. They keep number of the people that can be accommodated in the settlement to around one lakh.The design of the structure will be close to elliptical which will decrease impact while reflecting and absorbing UV rays. Secondly, material used in making the settlement should have high tensile strength so that it can absorb shocks well.To survive in the space, gravity is must and hence the students have designed a thrust system to rotate the settlement on its own axis. \"Once the rotation begins, it will create enough gravitational pull required for living conditions,\" said Saboo, while explaining the mechanism.Another feature in their project is the pointing out of minimal possibility of asteroids and meteoroids hitting the settlement as moon has higher gravitational pull and will attract all space bodies rather than the settlement at L-4.\"The space settlement will have all facilities such as agriculture, entertainment , communication, transport and industries besides the most important facilities for human survival like water, environment, oxygen, gravity,\" the team members said.The team took one year to develop this project. They derive factual information from internet and subjected the ideas formed to intense deliberations among themselves.There were over 1,200 entries from 20 countries in the competition. There was tie as another team, Atrifex L1 Station, New Jersey, USA, also bagged the second position. The team will would leave for Chicago , USA, to participate in the International Space Development Conference in the last week of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498605", "title": "Over 870 illegal layouts off the Bangalore Development Authority radar", "text": "BANGALORE: The urban layout watchdog doesn't match up to the job: the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) has identified only 127 illegal layouts, while its officials admit that the number of unauthorized localities in Greater Bangalore is well over 1,000. BDA townplanner Thirukana Goudar said rampant violations have taken place, especially on the city outskirts.Illegal layouts are both the cause and effect of a deeper crisis afflicting urban governance: they expose the agencies' inability to address the city's housing needs, and become a strain on the meagre resources, besides leaving a big hole in the civic coffers. With only five townplanners to cater to a population of 84 lakh, the BDA is clueless about the ground realities.A majority of the identified 127 illegal layouts have sprung up in Uttarahalli, Begur, Kammanahalli and Kengeri in the South, Varthur, Rachenahalli and Thanisandra in the East, and in Yelahanka in the North. Some of these layouts have been around for two decades. Identifying them has opened up another front for the resource-strapped agency as its notices have mired it in labyrinthine legal proceedings.\"In some cases, the housing co-operative societies have applied for approval after we've sent out notices. When BDA asked the layout owners to pay cess and betterment charge, they moved court,\" Goudar explained.The nodal agency has not launched any investigation to determine the exact extent of violations despite having survey numbers in its possession.Shockingly, BDA records say three of the 127 illegal layouts - Sun City Layout in KR Puram hobli, two layouts in B Narayanapura in Varthur Hobli and Naganahalli in Bangalore East -have \"not been traced on the ground\".BDA commissioner Bharat Lal Meena didn't respond to TOI's calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497524", "title": "1,861 riot-hit units got assistance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government gave away Rs 5.74 crore to the 1,861 units that were affected in city during 2002 post-Godhra riots which broke out in the state. The government in a written reply to Congress Kalupur MLA Farukh Sheikh has stated that the state government had no plan to introduce any new welfare schemes for riot victims.Shaikh's query on schemes for riot-affected being introduced was replied in negative.The government said the industries department through a circular dated March 16, 2002, had declared that a scheme of interest assistance was formed, while for capital investment, a similar scheme was formulated on May 16, 2002. These schemes were applicable for the entire state. About Ahmedabad, the government said that under this scheme, 1,861 units or affected persons were given an assistance of Rs 3.18 crore, while an assistance of Rs 2.56 crore was given as capital assistance.The state also in a reply to a question by Shaikh over loans to minority youth for self-employment by nationalized bank said that in the last three years in Ahmedabad, a total of 1,523 persons were given loans. tnnShaikh also wanted to know if the nationalized banks had marked minority areas in negative zone, the government said it had not received any complaint either from the officials or beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498368", "title": "Car owners and societies too to blame", "text": "NAGPUR: The car-owners, especially those living in older flat schemes, are crying foul over R R Patil's remark about not being allowed to park on the road.However, they themselves often break parking guidelines. They devise their own rules, either driven by space compulsions or security perception.Despite a rule that a residential-cum-commercial building would have at least three metre space on one side of the building left for visitors' parking, societies rarely leave such space vacant. Usually there is a display boards saying 'visitors' vehicles not allowed'.Under present rules, there is no provision for special visitors parking in purely residential building but even if they have space, they do not allow visitors' vehicles inside.Car owners in many buildings and independent houses that have ample space deliberately park vehicles outside under a tree for shade or try to keep vehicles near the gate.In many places, what little space could be used for parking has been usurped for other purposes. At some places, it is given to neighbourhood laundryman while at some places ground floor residents have appropriated it for themselves.Prashant Nandankar, member of a housing society in Mahal, said their scheme was located in narrow lane. \"Each household has two or more vehicles including a car which makes it difficult for us to find space. At such time, how can we allow visitors' to park vehicles inside. Security is another concern these days,\" he added.NMC standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari informed that he had proposed to charge an annual pay and park tax especially from commercial establishments like hotels , bars, restaurants and even hospitals that use the road and footpath for parking vehicles that generally resulted in traffic jams.To solve the problem of car parking on internal roads, Tiwari said, \"I have asked the civic body to find vacant spaces, NMC owned grounds and other spaces where 'pay and park' schemes can be launched.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12499365", "title": "Junior doctors clash with attendants, guards, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University orders probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Junior doctors at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University have done it again. Firstly they allegedly denied treatment to a patient and clashed with the attendants, when the latter urged them to admit the patient. Secondly, when a guard intervened to control the situation , they thrashed him. While the patient and attendants were forced to leave, the security agency in charge of the Trauma centre was removed. Action against the residents has been put on hold. Meanwhile, the university administration has formed a three-member committee to probe the incident. The committee is to submit its report by Thursday.According to reports, Ram Suchit Gupta brought his wife Lagni Devi to trauma centre in the wee hours of Sunday. The patient was seen by one of the junior doctors on duty, who said that the patient was critical but refused to admit her saying that there was no bed was available. The husband urged them to take her in and start the treatment and allot a bed later. But the doctor didn't pay attention. This led to an argument between the two. In no time, the heated exchange turned into a clash with the junior doctors assaulting the attendants. Seeing this, a guard on duty named Dhananjay intervened to control the situation. He tried to save the attendants which reportedly irritated the doctors who thrashed the guard.In the morning, one of the doctors who reportedly had beaten up the guard told him to pull a stretcher. But the guard refused stating that he was not being paid for that job. This led to a second round of scuffle between the two and soon assumed the shape of group clash with junior doctors on one side and guards on the other. In retaliation, the junior doctors went on a flash strike. They closed the main gate of trauma centre and forced patients to leave. The news soon reached the medical university official who reached the spot to control the situation.Vice-chancellor Prof Devendra K Gupta also went to the trauma centre to take stock of the situation. He pulled up the doctors for their insensitivity and immaturity. He also scolded the security guards for not being able to manage the crisis.Later, university spokesperson, Prof Abbas Mahdi said,\" Whatever happened was unfortunate. We have removed the security agency, which was deployed at Trauma centre and alternate arrangements have been made.\" Asked to comment on what action was initiated against doctors, he said, \"That will be decided after the committee formed to probe the incident submits its report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497621", "title": "CBI marks foundation day at chief's home", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh were among a host of dignitaries at the first 'at home' function organized by Central Bureau of Investigation on Sunday to mark its foundation day. Army Chief Gen V K Singh too attended the event.The high-tea at the residence of CBI director Amar Pratap Singh was attended among others by Vice President Hamid Ansari , defence minister A K Antony , home minister P Chidambaram, corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily, DoPT minister V Narayansamy. BJP leader Arun Jaitley and National Security Advisor Shiv Shanker Menon were also present.Gen Singh, in civilian attire, stayed away from the VVIP enclosure, and was seen talking with some officials.The CBI officers also had a photo session with the President.April 1 is observed as the CBI's foundation day since it was on this day in 1963 that D P Kohli was appointed as the first director of the country's premier investigating agency. However, 'at home' function was reportedly organised by CBI director for the first time.The President was accompanied by her spouse Devi Singh Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498108", "title": "Auto unions call strike on April 16", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto unions have called for a statewide indefinite strike from April 16 to demand a rise in fare.In the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, the unions want a hike of Rs 5 on the basic fare, from the existing Rs 11 to Rs 16, and a Rs-2 increase for every subsequent km. \"More than 16 lakh autos will stay off roads. We will also hold rallies and take a delegation to the government,\" said an union leader.The biggest union, led by Sharad Rao, will spearhead the agitation. Rao said, \"We demand a rise in fare based on the cost of living index. A new panel must also be formed for that.\" A source said the taxi union, which will hold a rally on April 8, may join the strike. An RTO official said the demands would be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499205", "title": "Citizens' body demands special category status for Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Citizens' Council (BSCC) general secretary Anil Pathak on Sunday said that the Centre should end its discriminatory policy towards Bihar and accord it special category status to facilitate its accelerated development.He said that while the Centre adopted the policy to give special category status to specific states in 1969 under Gadgil formula, it should proactively consider the demand of Bihar for a special category status being raised by its people under the leadership of CM Nitish Kumar , since the state fulfills the criteria defined under the said formula. According to Pathak, Bihar has contiguous border with Nepal and is also close to the Indo-Bangladesh border.That apart, several rivers originating in Nepal pass through Bihar and cause annual ravages in the state, putting its life and property in harm's way, while devastations wrought act as a dampener on the developmental efforts being made by the government, he said.To add to the wound of the state, the Centre has also begun to reduce Bihar's share in the pool of Central taxes by \"silently cutting the quantum\" that used to be given to the state, Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503508", "title": "'Adhinayakudu' in trouble?", "text": "Superstar Balakrishna's much delayed flick, \" Adhinayakudu\", is giving the makers sleepless nights.After numerous delays, the film was finally rescued by RR Makers who pumped in huge amounts of money to make sure the film was complete. This move was initiated by Balakrishna himself as his next flick is with the same producers.But with the audio and trailers not creating much buzz in the trade circles, the producers and distributors are worried about the opening collections of the flick. There has not been much publicity for the film and all the talk surrounding the flick has been negative.In such a scenario, cost recovery seems a tall task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12498972", "title": "Minors sent to observation home", "text": "PUNE: The two minors detained for kidnapping and murdering 15-year-old Shubham Shirke were sent to an observation home on Sunday after being produced before the juvenile court. They were detained on Saturday night on charges of kidnapping for ransom as well as under section 302 (murder) of the IPC.Criminal lawyer Milind Pawar said that as per the law, minors committing crimes have to be produced before the juvenile court.\"In case of petty crimes, the court takes an undertaking of good behaviour of the minors from their parents and releases them on bail. For serious crimes, however, the court sends them to the observatory home. The court releases a minor on a bond after getting an undertaking from his/her parents and the say of a police official. The maximum punishment for minors is three years at an observation home,\" he said.Pawar said that while youths aged below 18 are considered minors, it was necessary to change the age limit as several crimes nowadays were being committed by youths in the 15-17 age group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12498978", "title": "Cash, jewellery worth Rs 10Lakh stolen", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars barged into a house and made away with cash and jewellery worth lakh of rupees in Rachna Nagar during the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday.The police said complainant Vijaya found almirahs broken after she got up in the morning. The complainant claimed cash and jewellery worth Rs 10 lakh were missing from the house, the police added.On receiving the information from the complainant about the incident, the Govindpura police reached the spot and registered a case of theft. The police said unidentified accused probably entered from the roof of the house. The complaint's husband is with the Industries department and currently posted in Indore.The jewellery of victim's married daughter, which was kept in the same house, was also reportedly stolen. The complainant would give the exact list of the valuables and purchase receipt in a day or two, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "two faculty members of department of surgical gastroenterology, sgpgi, lucknow--- dr ashok kumar and prof vk kapoor have returned back after long leave, therefore the opd days of the department have been rescheduled. the revised schedule", "code": "12499232", "title": "SGPGI, Lucknow revises its OPD schedule", "text": "Two faculty members of department of surgical gastroenterology, SGPGI, Lucknow--- Dr Ashok Kumar and Prof VK Kapoor have returned back after long leave, therefore the OPD days of the department have been rescheduled. The revised schedule: Monday and Thursday (Unit 3) - Dr Ashok Kumar and Dr Anand Prakash, Tuesday and Friday (Unit 1) - Prof Rajan Saxena and Dr RK Singh and Wednesday and Saturday (Unit 2) - Prof VK Kapoor and Dr Anu Behari. Follow up patients may kindly note the change in the unit days and report to gastro OPD, Hall number 6, accordingly. For further clarification and queries patients may contact on 0522- 2494080 and 2495009.Ram Navami: Ram Navami was celebrated at Hari Om Mandir, Lalbagh on Sunday with traditional gaiety and enthusiasm. The function began with Ram Charit Manas sahaj paath followed by rendering of bhajans by Kishore Chaturvedi and Rashmi Chaturvedi.Bharat Jyoti Award: Rathindra Krishna Mitra, lecturer and head of physics department, Montfort College, Lucknow has been conferred the prestigious Bharat Jyoti Award at India International Centre, Delhi. The award was presented to him by former governor, Tamil Nadu and Assam , Bhisma Narain Singh at a seminar on 'Economic Growth and National Integration'. Every year, this award is conferred to eminent and outstanding personalities of Indian origin in different fields - science, medical, economics, education, politics, sports and entertainment. The award has earlier been won by Mother Teresa , former vice-president, BD Jatti, Justice M Fatima Beevi, Gen GV Krishna Rao, Air Chief Marshal NC Suri, former Chief Justice of India, PN Bhagwati, and former chief minister of Uttarakhand , Ramesh Pokharyal Nishank.Sit-in: The indefinite sit-in by office bearers of UP Udyog Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal in support of the demands of jewellers entered 16th day on Sunday. State president of vyapar mandal, Banwarilal Kanchhal addressing traders at the sit-in site that traders would continue their ongoing agitation unless the central government finds a solution to the problems of bullion traders and roll back various taxes levied by the Union finance minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498576", "title": "Bus pass validity extended", "text": "BANGALORE: With SSLC examination schedule delayed, BMTC has decided to extend the validity of 2011-12 student concessional passes till April 16, 2012.All SSLC student pass holders can travel free of cost till April 16 between their place of stay and the examination centre (or places mentioned in the bus pass).Students will have to produce this year's SSLC examination hall ticket along with the student pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497459", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh waits for his day in court", "text": "MUMBAI: Peace is eluding controversial former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh because of a series of litigations and stringent court observations against him. So, his grand plan to return to state politics has come to a grinding halt. A few years ago, when Deshmukh's office asked a police superintendent to go slow on a legislator, the high court reprimanded him for interfering in police administration. When Deshmukh approached the Supreme Court on the matter, not only did the apex court not give him relief, but also it enhanced the cost imposed on him by the high court. A week ago, a metropolitan magistrate asked the police to initiate a probe against him in the same case. Last month, he again got the short end of the stick for granting a prime piece of land to producer Subhash Ghai at a nominal price. Again the high court took Deshmukh to task for misusing his official position. Like before, he went to the Supreme Court, to no avail. The apex court declined to expunge the high court's observations against him and issued notices to the state government and the state-run Maharashtra Film Stage &amp; Cultural Development Corporation. Even as cases are pending against him in different courts and his attempts at getting rid of strictures have not materialized, pressure is building on investigating agencies, particularly the CBI, to probe his role in the multi-crore Adarsh scam. Deshmukh and former chief minister Sushilkumar Shinde are witnesses and former CM Ashok Chavan an accused in the scam. Top bureaucrats and senior cabinet members feel that unless Deshmukh is cleared of the charges, which appears to be a distant dream for him, he has no scope of returning to state politics.A bow to Pawar's powerHe has only nine MPs in Parliament, but NCP founder president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar is the most powerful cabinet member in the UPA government. So far, Union cabinet members from Maharashtra were whispering about his influence not only on central ministers, but also on prime minister Manmohan Singh . But the manner in which the PM reacted on Pawar's statement on coalition politics a week ago leads one to the conclusion that despite poor strength in the Lok Sabha, he has considerable hold on the Centre. Reacting to the pressure tactics of the Trinamool Congress and the DMK, the PM had made critical observations on coalition politics. But he had to sack Dinesh Trivedi from the post of railway minister following protest by TMC chief Mamata Banerjee over a hike in railway fares. Also, the Centre had to vote against Sri Lanka in the UN in view of mounting pressure from the DMK. When the PM said that owing to a lack of coordination among coalition partners it had become difficult to run the government, Pawar reacted sharply by saying that it pained him to hear the PM's views. Pawar obliquely criticized the PM for his remarks on coalition partners. It appeared that Pawar would not hesitate to quit the UPA. Surprisingly, taking cognizance of what Pawar said, the PM quickly wrote a personal letter to the Maratha strongman, saying that his remarks were meant only for the TMC and the DMK. This episode reflects Pawar's power.Lack of will to end NaxalismTo every Naxal incident, home minister R R Patil has a stereotypical response. After the recent landmine attack on a CRPF party, Patil visited the site and issued a statement saying his government would raise a tribal battalion to take on the rebels. He also mentioned a lack of funds, non-availability of new technology and manpower shortage. But there are no takers for his arguments, since being a part of government he should be resolving the issues. It is time Patil deployed high profile IPS officers and encounter specialists, camping in Mumbai for more than five years, in Gadchiroli. A former DGP says there seems to be a lack of political will to end the Naxal movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12499330", "title": "ISKCON celebrates Ram Navami", "text": "PATNA: The Patna unit of International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) celebrated Ram Navami with religious fervour here on Sunday. A dance-drama based on the life of Lord Ram was staged and directed by Harshita Pathak and Rolly Dikshit from Varanasi.Patna unit president Krishna Kripa Das stressed the need to imbibe the ideals of Lord Ram. He urged the people to make sacrifices for the sake of society.A large number of ISKCON members and devotees participated in the celebration. Devotees also participated in 'bhajans' and 'kirtans' (religious songs) on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497924", "title": "Shobhayatras spread amity, attract faithful in city", "text": "NAGPUR: It was an arid summer evening and the road leading to Cotton Market from Gandhi Gate at Mahal was clogged with people. The placid crowd waited patiently with enough silence to let one talk on cell phone as it greeted a procession led by performers followed by a huge human train. The city once again welcomed Ram Navami Shobhyatras with thousands taking part.An over 80-year-old tradition, Shobhayatra has survived even communal conflicts. It reflects city's distinct secular hue. It also provides a platform for politicians to businessmen. BJP chief Nitin Gadkari appeared to be projecting the changing image of his party. At Mahal, on a huge stage with a board reading 'Muslim workers of BJP' had Gadkari besides it.The first ever BJP corporator from Mominpura Jaitunbi present there said it was a gesture of amity between two communities.\"It is time issues like temple controversy are forgotten,\" said Ashfaq Patel, her husband. \"There are Muslim workers in other places too including a few of them who welcomed the yatra,\" at Mominpura, said Jaitunbi, who was accompanied by Varsha Kanhere, also a BJP corporator from same ward.BJP and Congress leaders like Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhakar Deshmukh, Vilas Muttemwar and Anees Ahmed attended the prayer at Ram Temple in Ram Nagar from where the other major shobhayatra commences. One shobhayatra originates at Poddareswar Mandir near Mayo Hospital and the other from Ram Nagar that started some three decades ago.Among the crowd, were vendors like Mohamed Khan and Abdul Hamid , selling toy trishuls (tridents), gadas (clubs), and bows and arrows- which earned fame after the television serials on Ramayana and Mahabharata. Said Khan, \"I know these are items of religious significance for Hindus but for me they are simply livelihood. I prefer not to mix religion with trade.\" Residents of an entire locality at Dobinagar, Mominpura, are engaged in selling these as they look forward to days like Ram Navami to make a brisk business.A group of youngsters from Nagpurtvlive.com were recording the rally near Ram Nagar temple which they said was being webcast live. For nostalgic S C Verma, a senior citizen living in this locality, it was remembering of what used to take place with a handful of participants in the early 1970s growing into a 3000-strong procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498156", "title": "Cops mull MCOCA to check gang activities", "text": "NAGPUR: The invocation of Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) against 12 accused in the Manjit Singh Gulhar murder case seems to be a trend initiated by the crime branch, which has taken up the probe. With growing gang rivalries and criminal activities, cops are seriously contemplating if MCOCA can be used as a deterrent to rein in antisocial elements and check bloodshed.The city has witnessed a spate of murders, including back-to-back murders last week where a youth was eliminated by the friends of a goon killed a day earlier. The assailants had vowed to eliminate someone before the last rites of their friend.The cops are also struggling to cope with incidents of chain-snatching, robberies and burglaries.Following Gulhar's murder at a hotel on March 12 last month, city police authorities sat up and took notice of the daredevilry of the assailants, who opened fire before unleashing an attack with sharp weapon on their target. Noticing the gravity of the incident and its possible fallout, city police shifted the probe to crime branch while retaining a team under an officer of MIDC police to aid the investigation.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Ravindra Kadam took a step further by adding sections of MCOCA in the offence.Strictures by the high court had led to charges under MCOCA coming down drastically, since cops now had to invoke the law after including several aspects in their cases, like a trail of continuing offences, economic gains and undue advantages. The high court order had led to several acquittals in MCOCA cases, where the cops had not followed the required provisions.Kadam said, \"If Mumbai police can slap MCOCA on the aides of Dawood Ibrahim despite the so-called don being in another country, then why not us in Nagpur. We only need continuing offences and charge sheet in two cases among other requirements to slap MCOCA,\" said Kadam. He added that cops need to be more liberal while invoking MCOCA.\"The process is elaborate and sanctions are required from an officer of additional CP rank to invoke MCOCA and an additional DGP to approve the charge sheet, while MCOCA cases can be probed only by an officer of ACP rank. May be all this discouraged officers,\" he added.Government pleader at the high court Nitin Sambre said there should be a commercial aspect attached to the offences before MCOCA can be applied. \"Commercial transactions like extortion or blackmailing are important factors to make a case fit for MCOCA. If criminals need to be bulldozed, then we need strict policing, MCOCA alone would not be able to help,\" said Sambre.He added that MCOCA can act as a deterrent but not a solution. \"All the cops would get out of MCOCA is an additional trial,\" he said.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone-IV) Nishith Mishra, whose jurisdiction of Ajni, Nandanvan and Imambada is the hotbed of gangs and rivalries, said MCOCA can always act as a tool for prevention.\"Senior officers are now analysing criminal records. We have issued instructions to lodge non-cognizable offences against local goondas and upcoming slumlords, even if a trivial complaint comes in. We can use these in a MCOCA case later to go after criminals who set up fiefdoms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498964", "title": "Hollywood memento missing from Punjab Engineering College", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A token of gratitude gifted to Punjab Engineering College (PEC) University of Technology by the crew of Kathryn Bigelow's \" Zero Dark Thirty\" have gone missing, leaving the staff and security zapped. The Hollywood director had shot in PEC campus for nearly 15 days and as the crew was packing up they left about 20-25 fancy frames hanging in the corridors of the electrical engineering department as a gift.The frames were used during the shoot to mount photos of American presidents and former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto. PEC's electrical and mechanical departments were used to symbolize an embassy in Pakistan in the movie. PEC director Manoj Dutta has now marked an inquiry in the case.\"The matter of missing frames is in my knowledge. We still have some frames with us while some have gone missing. I have asked the concerned department's security in charge to look into the matter and report back,\" he said. \"We were a part of the team from PEC who assisted the crew members so they gifted the frames as a gesture of gratitude. However, nobody has a clue where the frames have disappeared,\" said Shruti Sharma, a final year student from PEC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498789", "title": "IPL clash gets bigger as Bollywood enters the picture", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finally, the big Bollywood is ready to face off with the IPL. A slew of exciting movies by prominent production houses, with an estimated Rs 175-200 crore riding on them, will be released between April 4 and May 27 when the IPL's fifth edition takes place.The big and medium budget movies slated for release during this period include Sajid Nadiadwala's \" Housefull 2\", Priyadarshan's \" Tezz\" starring Ajay Devgan , Mukesh Bhatt's \"Jannat 2\", Vikram Bhatt's 3D film \"Dangerous Ishhq\", Yash Raj Films's \"Ishaqzaade\" and Viacom 18 Motion Picture's action-thriller \"Department\". Besides, some small-budget films will also hit theaters the same time.Trade analyst Komal Nahta says that while the IPL was a novel concept in the first few years, now the feeling is that the real excitement is only during the last few days of the finals. \"Hence, filmmakers are confident of releasing their films during this period,\" says Nahta.Moreover, the film industry has grown confident in the last two years with quite a few movies crossing the Rs 100 crore mark, says Rakesh Jariwala of Ernst &amp; Young's entertainment division. In fact, Bollywood now believes it can even use the IPL as a platform to market its films, he adds.During the first three IPL seasons, multiplex capacity utilization dipped. The event was dubbed as \"a black window\" where few big distributors dared release their films. Some exhibitors, in fact, preferred to project the IPL games rather than show a movie. The tide turned with IPL 4 when the T20 league's TAM ratings showed a dip. Last year, over 20 films were released during the period, including low-budget hits like \"Stanley Ka Dabba\".Producer-director Mahesh Bhatt says, \"We locked horns with IPL 1 with the release of Jannat in 2008. There's no change now as Jannat 2 releases as per schedule. Let's see who entertains better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12505002", "title": "Sumanth is back with a multi-starrer", "text": "Post reading a lot of scripts, sources close to actor Sumanth confirm that the actor has now Okayed a multi-starrer.The film also stars Varun Sandesh. Last year, the actor came out with three films - \"Golconda High School\", \"Raaj\" and \"Daggaraga Dooramga\", but only GHS received acclaim while the rest bombed at the BO. The poor show of his films made the actor re-think his strategy.Sumanth has now taken a break from the regular commercial fare, and decided to focus on doing 'different' films to make sure he gets a good market.The announcement on the director and other technicians will be made shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12498890", "title": "15 fined for spitting, littering in public place", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) slapped fine on 15 people for spitting and littering in public places. The rule came into effect on Sunday.\"The civic bodies like the BMC can only implement certain rules and regulations but it is for the citizens to accept and honour these rules\", BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.\"These rules and regulations can help bring change in the civic standards of the city. However, there are a few people in the society who wish to live according to their own whims and fancies, which disturbs the civic balance of the city,\" he added.Heaps of garbage on road side is a common sight in Bhopal. Breaking traffic rules and parking haphazardly has become an everyday nuisance. These are the major concerns for the governing bodies.\"We need some co-operation from the people for the success of our efforts to keep the city clean\", the commissioner said.The corporation has installed garbage bins, at several places for the residents to throw garbage and keep surroundings clean.There are parking lots for parking vehicles and traffic signals to manage the vehicular traffic on the roads.\"We are trying to provide facilities to the people of Bhopal. We expect the residents to cooperate and follow the rules.\" Shrivastava said adding that the corporation had to impose spot fine due to increasing non-cooperation from the people. \"Spot fine is not a means for increasing BMC revenue\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501761", "title": "Salman Khan to create awareness on autism", "text": "The much-ignored field of autism has now a star endorser. On the occasion of World Autism Day on Monday, actor Salman Khan is doing his best to spread awareness about the neurological disorder.\"Autism is a misunderstood condition and the first step is to understand it,'' Salman Khan told TOI. His NGO, Being Human , has therefore released an eight-point guide on autism.\"Being Human will also showcase the good work done by some organisations in the area of autism awareness and therapy on its site and social media,'' he added.Khan's endorsement follows a request to various parental groups.The guide highlights that autism is not a disease, but is a disorder that can happen to anyone, irrespective of class, creed, nationality and gender. It underlines that early detection does not always happen in India and parents should not be demoralized if they do not receive early intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499702", "title": "Anti-Gehlot MLAs meet Ahmed Patel", "text": "JAIPUR: There's trouble brewing in Rajasthan Congress with a section of MLAs loyal to Union road transport and highways minister CP Joshi launching a campaign against chief minister Ashok Gehlot , holding him responsible for poor governance and a \"paralysed system\" .Thirteen Congress MLAs met Ahmed Patel, Congress president Sonia Gandhi's political secretary, in New Delhi on Saturday, and apprised him about the mounting problems of governance in the state. They also met other Congress leaders including Mukul Wasnik, asking them to act before it was \"too late\" .\"We have a long list of issues. Our pleas are being ignored. Nobody's attending to issues raised by us and this will cost the party dear. We feel duty-bound to tell the high command about worsening situation in Rajasthan,\" said Udai Lal Anjana , Congress MLA from Nimbahera in Chittorgarh.Other MLAs are Col Sonaram , Ganga Sahai Sharma, CL Premi and Daulat Ram. A known Gehlot baiter, Sonaram tried utmost to stall Gehlot's return as CM in December 2008.Anjana said that they also told the high command that the CM and other ministers were not giving them time to meet. \"For long, we've been feeling isolated , helpless,\" he added.Gehlot has had a rough time ever since Gopalgarh police firing and Bhanwari Devi murder. A section in the Congress here is worried about the drift and disenchantment among the common man against Congress rule.Under AttackA section of MLAs loyal to Union transport minister C P Joshi launch a campaign against chief minister Ashok Gehlot, holding him responsible for poor governance and a \"paralysed system\" Thirteen Congress MLAs meet Ahmed Patel in New Delhi and apprise him about the mounting problems of governance in the state They also met other Congress leaders, including Mukul Wasnik, asking them to act before it was \"too late\" A section in the Congress is worried about the disenchantment among common man with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12498847", "title": "Youth commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A 26-year-old youth was found hanging at Kailash Nagar in the city on Sunday afternoon. The Ashoka Garden police said Vijay was found hanging in his room in the afternoon and it was apparently a suicide. The incident came to light after deceased's brother returned home. However, when Vijay did not open the door, his brother broke it only to find him hanging.The police said a note found in the room stated that he was committing suicide but it did not mention any reason.Sets ablazeA 46-year-old man died he set himself ablaze at Prempura locality under the limits of Kamla Nagar police station late on Saturday. The police said Chunnilal Yadav reportedly came back home in inebriated state last night and poured kerosene and set himself ablaze after a brief argument with family members. The man was rushed to the Hamidia Hospital where he succumbed. The police said body was handed over to family members after the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502675", "title": "Ashton Kutcher to play Steve Jobs in movie", "text": "Ashton Kutcher has been reportedly attached to play Apple founder Steve Jobs in an indie movie called 'Jobs'.According to Variety.com, the film will chronicle Jobs from a hippie to the co-founder of Apple, where he became one of the most revered creative entrepreneurs of our time.\"The film will start production in May while Kutcher is on hiatus from his hit CBS series,\" stuff.com.nz reported the site as saying.\"Kutcher was most recently seen on the big screen in Garry Marshall's ensemble pic 'New Year's Eve' and the romantic comedy 'No Strings Attached' with Natalie Portman ,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497336", "title": "AMC waste dumping site catches fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City reported three major fire incidents on Sunday afternoon. In the first incident, an AMC waste disposal site in Gyaspur village in the outskirts of the city caught fire on Sunday evening after a dumper rammed into a stationary electric pole. Three fire fighters and two tankers of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AEFS) doused flames. AFES officials also attended fire calls from Odhav and Sarkhej-Bavla highway.The officials said fire at Gyaspur was a major operation as they had to ensure that the fire does not spread in the highly inflammable heaps of waste. Another major operation was carried out in Odhav near Takshshila Society where nearby chemical units had disposed of their chemical waste near residential area and set it on fire.\"Nearby residents called us up after the burning chemical spread a stench in the area along with lot of smoke and fumes that caused eye and nose irritation. We sent six vehicles including fire fighters and tankers to control fire,\" said AFES officials.The third call was from Aarvi Industries on Sarkhej-Bavla highway where the unit's spinning unit caught fire. AFES officials said that it was fourth call in last 30 days from the units owned by the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12498226", "title": "Record collection of Rs 5.73 crore at Tirumala", "text": "TIRUMALA: Barely three months after creating a new record, the hill shrine of Lord Venkateswara, reckoned as the world's richest Hindu temple, netted a whopping Rs 5.73 crore on Sunday on Srirama Navami. This is said to be the highest ever collection on a single day, as against the temple hundi's daily average collection of Rs 1.6 crore to Rs 2 core in the last five months. The previous highest hundi collection was Rs 4.23 crore on January 1 this year.Besides cash offerings, the hundi (offering box) also contained gold, silver and other precious offerings. However, its value was not ascertained. Surprisingly, the pilgrim rush was in the normal range of 60,000-70,000 only though it was a festival day. Unconfirmed reports said an anonymous devotee alone donated Rs 2 crore in the hundi. \"This is the highest collection ever in TTD's history,\" deputy executive officer of Parakamani (counting centre of hundi collections) Bommireddy Sharada told TOI. She said the record cash collection could be because of the new financial year which began on Sunday.According to Parakamani officials, counting of hundi collections began at 7 am and concluded at 7 pm. Sources said traders and businessmen might have liberally dropped cash in the hundi praying for the success of their businesses. On January 1, 2011, the temple netted Rs 3.8 crore, which was also a record then. But Sunday's collection has surpassed all the previous records of a single day's collection. \"Till three years ago, the collection used to be between Rs 80 lakh and Rs 1 crore a day. In the last 5-6 months, it swelled to Rs 1.6 crore to Rs 2 crore,\" a temple official said. In fact, the burgeoning pilgrim rush each passing year has also added to the hundi kitty. From Rs 300-350 crore annual earnings till a couple of years ago, the temple board now nets Rs 650-700 crore from the hundi alone.The hill shrine has been witnessing unprecedented pilgrim influx in the last 10-15 days as lakhs of pilgrims were forced to wait in queue lines for longer hours to catch a fleeting glimpse of Lord Venkateswara.Also Read: 21-hour wait for fleeting darshan of the LordIs Lord Balaji temple at Tirumala only for VIPs?Corruption is a way of life in Tirupati Tirumala DevasthanamsTirumala wakes up to luxury pad cultureBogus donors add 100 kg gold to Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams kitty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502211", "title": "Nalin Singh to make film on Osho", "text": "Love, sex and rock 'n' roll, combined with a heady dose of Osho's ideologies. If all goes according to plan, \" Campus Diaries\" will soon hit the floors with Nalin Singh of \" Gandhi to Hitler\" fame in it.To be directed by Rakesh Ranjan and Nalin, the film will be shot at Delhi University's North Campus, Nalin's alma mater Hindu College and possibly in Osho's commune.Nalin says, \"Making a project on Osho was on my mind since many years. His views on God, sex and relationships sound so real and convincing. I had read about Osho's ideologies while in Hindu college. Our friends' group, including Imtiaz Ali and Arjun Rampal used to ponder over these during our hostel days. We used to participate in extra-curricular activities such as theatre, singing, debates and swept away all the prizes. However, we could never form a rock band. Thus, the concept of small town guys, studying in a hostel and forming a rock band in the movie, germinated from there.\"The film will be shot in English and Hindi and the music will see some international names in it.Nalin is tightlipped about it and says, \"There will be some fusion songs, but you will have to wait for the mahurat party for details.\"What else can we expect from the film? \"Members of the rock band try to patao some phirang females who come to India in search of moksha. We pretend to be palmists and show them Kamasutra. It's a very bold film about sex, God, love and rock 'n' roll,\" Nalin says.Considering the controversy that \"Gandhi to Hitler\" made, seems like Nalin's next is all geared up for it again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504029", "title": "Tips to fix hair disasters", "text": "Here are some ways you can fix common hair disastersDry hair disasterToo much of blow drying and application of other heated products can take away life from your locks. In order to solve this, it is recommended to apply a leave-in conditioner on your mane. Keep the conditioner for about 5 minutes to help penetrate into the depth of your hair follicles. This will help keep the frizz at bay.Oily hair disasterGreasy locks shout for a lifesaving beauty fix. To keep the revitalised condition of your hair, you just need to use a conditioner. Massage the conditioner into your locks uniformly. If you have an excessive oily scalp, skip using a conditioner. Combine hot oil treatments and use frizz serums in your every week hair care regime.Choppy bangs disasterDo not panic if you have chopped your fringes too short. Brush your bangs aside and use a stylish bobby pin to quick fix the disaster. In order to keep the locks in perfect spot, apply a tiny amount of styling cream with an oily texture. This will soften the locks and make styling way easy. Finish it with a blow dryer.Limp hairIt is crucial for you to pay attention to using volumnising products for your hair. Always remember to towel dry your hair first and then start with blow drying. You can boost the volume of your mane by tying your strands in loose braids or buns before you go to bed. Appling a tiny amount of hair mousse best suited for your hair type will benefit in the growth and building volume to your mane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "12497747", "title": "Congress ministers blast Jagan", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: Congress ministers of Srikakulam district, Dharmana Prasada Rao and Kodru Muralimohan trained their guns on YSR Congress leader Jaganmohan Reddy. They alleged that Jagan is a power monger and is misleading the people.Roads and buildings minister Prasada Rao said the YSR Congress has become a hub for looters and does not even deserve to be called a political party. At a special meeting with key Congress leaders of the district on Sunday, he alleged that Jagan floated the political party only with an eye to loot the state.He said the Kadapa MP had created misunderstanding among his family members. \"Ours was a joint family till Jagan played a dirty politics, resulting in differences between my brother Krishna Das and me,\" he said. \"We are confident that people would support Congress in Narasannapet as his elder brother Krishna Das had cheated the people by joining hands with Jagan,\" he added .Medical education minister Kondru Murali at Rajam alleged that at the behest of his father YSR, Jagan looted crores of rupees. \"Jagan must provide details of his earnings to the people and the judiciary. He cannot escape now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498464", "title": "Only 50% clear BE in four years", "text": "BANGALORE: Just about half of the students who get admitted to undergraduate engineering courses graduate at the end of four years, according to the recently released Economic Survey of Karnataka 2011-12.Delving into the statistics of engineers who graduated in the 2010-11 batch, the survey said only 54.68% students who got enrolled in 2007 passed out successfully at the end of the four-year course. The net wastage, those who did not complete the course in time, has been put at 45.32%, whereas the attrition rate - the number of those who couldn't even make it to the final year in time - was 43.64%.In all, 57,110 students enrolled for engineering in 2007. The number of students who entered the final year in 2011 was 32,185 and 31,230 of them passed out. Of the 25,880 students lost during the four years, some could have dropped out altogether from the course, while the rest may clear the exam at a later date.The wastage is high in civil and mechanical - 60% and 55% - which are among the most popular courses. The figures are 47%, 37% and 42% for electrical, computer and electronics streams, respectively. The final result is no better in any of the other courses as well.A student is given eight years from the day of admission to pass the course, failing which he or she will be declared ineligible for the degree. There is no complete carryover system in engineering now. No student can carry over more than four papers and that too only from the previous year.Civil, mechanical, electrical, electronics and computer science courses together account for 83%-84% of the enrolment. While the first three are traditional courses, computer science is a post-1980 course. There are 15 other streams, including chemical engineering, biotechnology, medical electronics, silk technology and instrumentation, which have failed to attract students.The economic survey states: \"Net wastage rates have messages for planning of investments in technical education. Guidance and counselling before admissions may be intensified. Similarly, analysis of government and aided institutions may throw light in wastage of government resources.\"It also said that the scheme called Technical Quality Improvement Programme conducted for engineering colleges has received poor response from colleges.Sex InequityThe economic survey notes a disturbing trend: total number of boys in engineering colleges is almost twice that of girls. In 2011-12, 40,707 boys joined engineering colleges as against 23,907 girls. They were 38,101 and 22,579 in 2010-11.ExpertspeakStudents used to hand-holding and rote learning in schools will find it difficult to adjust when they are asked to think on their own. Students from other mediums of instruction mostly find it difficult to cope in the initial days. The problem is mainly with the quality of students... The best students are being taken by a few colleges, while other colleges are not left with many options. The low-quality input and poor facilities in colleges also contribute to the problem.- R Natarajan | Chairman, Board for it education StandardsNot All Can Pass50% of students are meritorious. There are many who get in through management quota and reservation. You cannot expect everyone to pass all subjects in the stipulated time. But at the same time, we have to look at social justice and give admissions to all. Every year, around 10% will be filtered during exams.- H Maheshappa | Vice-Chancellor, Visvesvaraya technological University", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499223", "title": "Government docs threaten to quit over cash recovery order", "text": "BHOPAL: About 6000 government doctors in Madhya Pradesh have threatened to resign en masse protesting against the health department's orders to recover cash benefits given to them under time scale promotions.MP Medical Officers' Association (MPMOA) president Dr Anand Sharma said that in August 2008, the state government had issued directives for four-time scale promotions for medical officers, surgeons and specialists. But, the health department has backtracked on its earlier order and initiated proceedings for the recovery of benefits being provided to doctors for the past four years, Dr Sharma said.In a press release issued here, Dr Sharma stated that chief minister assured the doctors in July, October and December in 2011 and later in February this year that neither the salary would be reduced nor any money would be recovered from them. Now, individual recovery notices are being served on doctors and even on those who sought voluntary retirement, he added.MPMOA has called for a meeting of its members on April 22 in Bhopal after which a memorandum would be submitted to the chief minister. \"If the order is not reversed, we will first go on a day's strike and if it fails to draw government's attention, we will resign en masse,\" Dr Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12498686", "title": "Celebration in Durga Mata temple", "text": "LUDHIANA: The ''bhog'' of Bhagvat Katha was also solemnised on Sunday. A crowd of devotees thronged the temple in the evening for a special ''aarti''.There were grand celebrations in Durga Mata temple also where the idols of Lord Ram and Sita were adorned in new dresses. ''Many devotees, who have bought new vehicles or gadgets, visited the temple to seek blessings in the temple,'' said advocate B K Goel, secretary of Durga Mata Mandir.Old City-resident Vijay Sharma said, ''This is a special day and I never miss visiting the temple on the day. Since it was a Sunday this time my family also joined me to pay obeisance.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498793", "title": "2 cyclists get killed in city every month", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the absence of safe cycle tracks and increasing use of four-wheelers, cyclists form the the largest number of victims after pedestrians in road accidents on city roads. Four cyclists have been killed in road accidents this year till date, with the latest incident taking place on March 31, when a cyclist got killed near the Hallomajra light point.On an average, two cyclists get killed and around 14 are injured in road accidents every month, while 18 to 25 cyclists get killed in accidents in the city every year.A report compiled by the Chandigarh traffic police reveals that a majority of cyclists died in road accidents around different roundabouts, at light points and on internal roads of different sectors.Traffic police officials said that, \"The report that was prepared after taking figures of the last five years revealed that 118 cyclists died in different road accidents, while the number of pedestrians who were killed stood at 195.\" A total of 555 persons including women and children have died in different road accidents in the past five years.DIG (headquarters) Alok Kumar said, \"Apart from absence of better cycle tracks, another reason behind maximum fatalities of cyclists is absence of safety guards which resulted in critical injuries even in minor accidents.\"He emphasized the need of use of cycle tracks by cyclists, while adding that in the absence of home guard volunteers to keep a check on the use of main roads by cyclists, they have been riding their cycles on main roads, increasing the possibility of fatalities.Maximum fatal casualties of cyclists were reported in 2009 when a total 25 cyclists were killed in road accidents. In 2011, 24 cyclists were killed in road accidents in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12498839", "title": "Community integration is important: Expert", "text": "PUNE: Autism Speaks is USA's largest, and arguably, the world's most reputed autism science and advocacy organization, dedicated to funding research into the causes, prevention, treatment and a cure for autism. It also aims to increase awareness of autism spectrum disorders and advocates the needs of individuals with autism and their families.Michael Rosanoff is an associate director of public health research with Autism Speaks. Excerpts from an e-mail interview.Small towns and villages in India do not have access to trained occupational therapists, let alone well-trained counsellors. Are you making any efforts to address this shortcoming globally?Autism Speaks' Global Autism Public Health Initiative is designed not only to help increase awareness around the world, but also to deliver effective and evidence-based intervention services to families in need, particularly in under-served populations. This is accomplished by working with local communities to develop culturally sensitive intervention strategies and to build capacity to deliver these services through training. We work with local governments especially to advocate for policy change that will result in sustainable increased access to these services. Autism Speaks is currently funding such a project in India that will train parents to deliver autism services directly to their children in settings where expert providers are not available.What is the global awareness level about autism?The awareness continues to grow. The number of organizations and families from around the world that reach out to Autism Speaks for information and support grows higher than the previous year. As the prevalence of autism continues to rise - now 1 in 88 children in the United States are affected - so does the need for information and services. The efforts of international advocacy organizations, such as Action for Autism in India, need to be commended for their dedication and commitment to providing services and advocating for the rights of individuals with autism and related disabilities.We still do not know the prevalence of autism in India, but Autism Speaks is supporting research of the International Clinical Epidemiology Network to report this statistic.What about the economic cost of autism?Autism costs society more than $137 billion annually in the United States and can cost an individual with autism and intellectual disability up to $2.3 million in their lifetime. $137 billion is higher than the entire Gross Domestic Product of Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan, and Maldives. While direct medical costs such as outpatient care, home care and pharmacy contribute significantly to overall expenses, non-medical costs including special education , child daycare, and especially residential care account for the largest proportion of autism costs.Can an autistic adult ever become financially and socially independent?The key for an individual with autism to reach his or her full potential is to identify the condition early and also get intervention early. For adults with the disorder, it is critical to have services that will help equip them with the skills needed to be a part of and to contribute meaningfully to society. Programmes such as continuing education, employment, housing/residential living and community integration are important. In addition, policies that protect adults from discriminations and that provide employment opportunities to individuals with autism are critical.What has been your experience of working with autistic children?It is important for families impacted by autism to realize that however isolated they may feel, they are not alone. There are many families struggling with the challenges of autism, and together, as one strong voice, the community can drive awareness, reduce stigma, and advocate for better access to critical services. Together we can make a better tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12499161", "title": "CRPF finally enters Naxal-dominated Abujmaad after 1947", "text": "RAIPUR: A first-of-its-kind anti-Naxal operation has given a strategic entry for paramilitary forces in the Abujmaad forests in Chhattisgarh , considered the Maoist headquarters where there has been no presence of government for ages.Armed with modern gadgets, over 3,000 men from CRPF and its elite strike unit--CoBRA, the para-military forces and state police--combed the forests spread over 4,000 sq km and joining neighbouring states of Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra during the month that just ended.Codenamed--\"Maad\", \"Kilam\" and \"Podku\"--the operation was monitored by CRPF Director General K Vijay Kumar and his Inspector General (Operation) in Chhattisgarh, Pankaj Singh , who decided on the plans to make forays in the jungles.Armed with a British-era survey of the jungle, they decided that the men will enter from three sides - Narayanpur- Gadchiroli (Maad) with point of contact at Jatwar in the heart of the jungle, Bhairamgarh-Matwara (Podku) and Mardapal- Chotedonger (Kilam).\"In all, the operations which comprised CRPF officers, CoBRA and some state police -a total of about 3000 personnel- their movements were monitored round-the-clock at make-shift headquarters,\" says 49-year-old Singh after the successful operation in which over 33 Maoists were arrested.\"It was anxious moments from the word go when the operation began on March 5 and continued till March 20. The Maoists had the advantage of the terrain and we were in a land that had never been visited so far,\" recalled the senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12499086", "title": "15th Asmita Parva to kick start in Mahuva from tomorrow", "text": "RAJKOT: The 15th edition of the four-day Asmita Parva will kick off from Tuesday at Kailash Gurukul in Mahuva town of Bhavnagar district. Technocrat Sam Pitroda will deliver a lecture at the opening ceremony of the dance, music and literary festival, which is being organized annually by religious preacher Morari Bapu wherein writers and artistes are also honoured for outstanding contributions in their respective fields.Jaydev Mankad, a member of the organizing committee, said Asmita Parva is organized during Hanuman Jayanti. \"During the four-day event, there would be programmes on dance, music, poetry, art and scholarly discussion on literature, including Gujarati. A dance drama 'Ekatva' will be presented by students of Manavsadhana. It will be choreographed by Mrinalini Sarabhai and Mallika Sarabhai of Darpan Dance Academy, Ahmedabad.\"This year, the award for lifetime achievement in painting (Kailas Lalitkala award) will be given to Amit Ambalal. The lifetime achievement awards in Indian classical music and dance (Hanumant awards) will be given to Ustad Sultan Khan: saarangi; Pandit Anindo Chatterjee: tabla; Mrunalini Sarabhai: dance; Pandit Rajan and Sajan Mishra: vocal music. The lifetime achievement awards in acting will be conferred on Balkrushna Nimbark for Gujarati folkdance (Bhavai), Markand Bhatt for Gujarati theatre and Waheeda Rehman for Indian films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12497695", "title": "Mumbai University admits paper leak &amp; calls for CID probe, re-exam on April 11", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University finally acknowledged that this year's TYBCom Marketing and Human Resource Management (MHRM) paper had indeed leaked. And the university's Board of Examinations, which convened early on Sunday, agreed that though a re-exam would inconvenience students, it nevertheless would have to be held in all fairness. So on April 11, TYBCom students will have to relive the exam stress all over again.The University of Mumbai has asked the management of BNN College, Bhiwandi, to suspend three officials involved in 'leaking' the paper. It also recommended imposing a Rs 1-lakh fine on the college. The university plans to seek a CID inquiry to investigate if there was a deliberate attempt to malign its image. The university will also file a complaint against the college under Prevention of Malpractices (University, Board and other Specified Examinations) Act 1982 against persons responsible for the leak and another complaint with the cyber crime cell to investigate messages circulated about the MHRM paper and later for other papers.The decision was taken at a marathon meeting of the Board of Examinations (BoE) after the three-member committee comprising principals of three commerce colleges - Madhu Nair (convenor), T A Shiware and S T Gadade - visited the Bhiwandi college on Saturday and submitted their report. The university denied the leak since March 28, despite SMSes clearly indicating it. The inquiry gathered steam only after a student, whose centre was at BNN College, approached a news channel.College officials had refuted the student's claim that the paper leaked from their centre when the wrong paper was distributed. All 31 people interviewed denied the incident. But when the committee reached the examination house to check if answer sheets held any evidence, they found the proof in black-and-white on 510 answer papers. The sheets had the code of the MHRM paper (code: 2070) which was struck out when the correct paper (code: 1176) was later distributed. The committee found the MHRM paper was distributed in 17 out of 21 exam blocks of BNN College. \"Some answer sheets of Business Economics have the code of the MHRM paper. The new optical mark reader system, which makes it mandatory for students to give the paper code, enabled us to detect the officials' lie,\" said a committee member.\"Another proof was the tampered date on the MHRM's question paper bundle, signed by the chief conductor. The chief conductor is expected to sign the bundle before opening. The date on the MHRM paper bundle, opened on March 27, was fiddled to make it March 28,\" said the report.In an official statement, the university denied involvement in the incident. \"Paper setters went through SMSes and claimed not all questions were leaked. So the varsity's claim about the leak was appropriate at that time,\" said an official. Action Recommended By UniversityAction recommended by university:Re-examination of commerce paper III (MHRM) be conducted on April 11University plans to register police complaint against those responsible for the leakChief conductor D S Bhangre, senior supervisor R N Deshpande and Prof Jadhav, responsible for goof-up, must be suspended Inquiry committee must submit a report to the varsity within six weeksVarsity to file complaint with the cyber crime cell to investigate incorrect SMS circulated on March 27-29Varsity will seek CID inquiry to probe if there was deliberate attempt to malign its imageBNN College must initiate action against 17 junior supervisors for withholding facts from inquiry committeeCommittee of three observers must oversee exams at BNN College from April 2Since inconvenience caused to university and students, the university's management council must consider imposing a fine of Rs 1 lakh on the collegeThe college will be debarred as an exam centre from October 2012 to March 2015", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12498747", "title": "Dugri residents' park is blooming, so is their health", "text": "DUGRI: In a short period of three months, residents of Dugri Phase 1 have turned a barren land into a beautiful garden, which is today loved by joggers and children. The blooming park not only provides residents a place where they can spend some leisure time, but is also improving their health with its fresh air.Till three months ago, hardly anyone visited the green belt, but nowadays it is the favourite destination of many. It even has special lights as several people love going there at night.Upkar Singh Sahni, a business and president of Panchsheel Society, which is maintaining the park, said, ''You cannot bring a change until you work towards it. A few months ago, the park was a wasteland. We then joined hands to turn it into a green paradise. We started our efforts with a handful of people and today, our group has 38 members.''''After getting up at 6am, I first go to the park for morning walk. Then, I come home and get ready for office. But on way to office, I spend some time with gardener and tell him about the day's work. The blooming park is keeping me healthy too... I have stopped taking medicines,'' he smiled.S K Handa, an area resident and businessman, said, ''The park is spread over an acre and every month, MC pays Rs 6,000 for developing it. But as this amount is insufficient, we too contribute for its upkeep. We love spending time there as it is also improving our health.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498718", "title": "Youth goes missing, cops suspect smuggling racket", "text": "KOLKATA: Disappearance of a 20-year-old youth from Ekbalpore in the city's port area unravelled a powerful racket of smuggling narcotics and electronic goods abroad. Though the racket has been operating for quite sometime now, it came to light only after Aftab Hossain, a resident of Dent Mission Road, went missing since May 2010.Amina said that on May 5, 2010, his son Aftab went to Hong Kong with Rabi. Locals said that Rabi frequently travelled to the far East Asian countries and was involved in 'garments trade'. Sources, however, claimed that Rabi was a member of three city-based rackets of smugglers who smuggle electronic goods from abroad and smuggle out narcotics like sunthetic drugs and cocaine. They said that three separate smuggling rackets were active in the city. While one racket operated from the port area, the other two operated in Akra area of South 24-Paragans and Topsia area. The racketeers reportedly lured unemployed youths to act as a carrier of these cocaine capsules in lieu of a lucrative amount.Police were reportedly also aware of the smuggling racket since youths from three particular areas were often caught at Kolkata airport with cocaine capsules in their stomach.Amina believes that her son was taken to Hong Kong probably for the same reason, that is to smuggle drugs. Rabi, however, returned alone from Hong Kong and told Amina that Aftab had managed to get a good job there. Since then, Amina tried to communicate with her son, but failed. When she inquired about Aftab, Rabi did not give any update. He, in fact, took Rs 2 lakh from Aftab's family. The complaint suggests that Rabi and his friends claimed that the 20-year-old youth had fallen into some trouble in Hong Kong because of which the money was needed.Till December 2011, when Amina could not contact her son, she went to Ekbalpore police station, but cops allegedly turned down her complaint. Police rounded up Rabi only after the court intervened. Amina meanwhile has started getting threat calls from an overseas number, asking her to withdraw her complaint. \"We are probing the complaint and also trying to track the calls made to the complainant,\" said Mehbub Rahman, DC Port, Kolkata Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499307", "title": "3 \u2018runaway brides\u2019 in 3 months for Jaipur man", "text": "JAIPUR: It took 47-year-old Gordhan Lal, a resident of Pali town, three marriages and over Rs 2.50 lakh cash to understand that taking help of human trafficking gangs for settling down in life was quite a costly affair.He bought three women from human trafficking gangs over the past three months and in all the cases, the brides ran away a few days after the wedlock.The last one who had fled earlier this week was traced to Ajmer by police on Sunday and handed over to him, but he approached the cops demanding action against members of the trafficking gang who duped him by \"selling\" him a woman from Maharashtra.The case of Gordhan Lal is an example of the extent to which human trafficking gangs are active in the state and duping gullible people. Gordhan Lal has registered a complaint with the Industrial Area police station in Pali.\"Gordhan Lal who runs a shoe shop in Pratap Nagar area of the town had approached us last week when his wife went missing. He says that he used to buy shoes from a market in Ajmer and would take his wife along, but this time, he refused to take her. Infuriated over this, the woman fled from the house,\" sub inspector Jagat Singh said.He added that in the complaint, Gordhan said he had bought his wife from a woman named Noorjahan, a resident of Akola in Maharashtra. \"He says that he had come in contact with the woman through another woman, Sajia, in Jodhpur,\" the officer said.Gordhan also claimed that he had bought two other women from the human trafficking gangs in January and February.\"After getting the complaint, we launched an investigation and it came up that he has repeatedly been fooled by human trafficking gangs. On the basis of some technical investigation, we traced his life wife in Ajmer. She had gone there via Jodhpur and was not intending to return,\" the officer said.He added that investigation has been launched into the claims made by Gordhan Lal. \"We are trying to identify those who had sold these women to him. Further investigation is on,\" the officer said.Buying women from various states including UP, Bihar , West Bengal , Assam and Orissa has gradually become a rampant practice in the rural areas of the state. Recently in the case of baby 'Falak' who died at the AIIMS Hospital, her mother had been sold to some man in Jhunjhunu district. The Delhi police team had traced her and took her into custody from a village there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12504196", "title": "Banks closed today for tallying accounts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both public and private sector banks across the country were closed today for public dealing in view of closing of accounts.The Forex and the money markets are also closed for the same reason.However, banks will function normally from tomorrow. Besides April 2, banks will remain closed on April 5 and 6 on account of Mahavir Jayanti and Good Friday , respectively.Thus, there are three bank holidays this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kavundampalayam (tirupur)", "code": "12497766", "title": "Shock and disbelief as news spreads about H1N1 death in Coimbatore", "text": "KAVUNDAMPALAYAM (TIRUPUR): \"We still cannot believe that Aiyya died of H1N1. He was a very healthy man for his age and none of us remember him ever needing medical assistance except a few years ago when he was attacked by a cow,\" said R Deivathaal, a neighbhour of C Kandasamy Gounder who died of H1N1 in Coimbatore late Saturday evening. Shock and disbelief spread in and around Poolakkattu Thottam settlement in Tirupur as news spread of how 75-year-old Gounder succumbed to the dreaded disease.The sight of masked health department officials collecting the clothes and linen used by the deceased to be burnt and destroyed amidst the grieving relatives is a grim reminder that the deadly disease has taken one among them. \"We don't know how he got infected. Perhaps it happened at the wedding ceremony of his daughter or perhaps when he went around distributing wedding invitations and overseeing arrangements for the grand celebration,\" said P Narayanasamy, a distant relative of the deceased.As soon as they heard that Kandasamy had passed away in Coimbatore the message was relayed to health department officials who deputed their staff to ensure that the cremation was conducted under their strict supervision. They also burnt the clothes and linen used by Kandasamy and applied disinfectant to the floor and furniture in his house. At least 20 people from his immediate family were identified as those who had interacted with Kandasamy during his illness and were given Tami Flu tablets as a precautionary measure.Four more people were also given Tami Flu tablets after they claimed that they had attended to Kandasamy when he was down with fever. \"It came as a shock actually since he was healthy at the time of his daughter's marriage. He normally kept to his fields hardly venturing outside. At the most he used to go to Tirupur, Pongalur or Coimbatore and that too very rarely,\" said M Navaneethan, a distant relative.Kandasamy lived with his wife Kavita (60), daughter Lalitha (21) and son Vetrivel (29). His elder sister Angeeswari and uncle Ganesan also lived with him. Health department officials are fumigating the compound and cleaning the house with acid and disinfectant. \"Some people are afraid after they heard about the incident but there is no panic and we are taking essential precautionary measures,\" said S Muthu Vishwananthan, former president, Kavundampalayam panchayat.Kandasamy complained of fever and cough on March 9. He was initially taken to the primary health centre at Thayampalayam on March 14. But his symptoms persisted. Consequently, he sought medical assistance from private clinics in Kangeyam and Tirupur on March 17 and 19 respectively.\"He was referred to PSG Hospital in Coimbatore on March 19 and admitted there the very next day. Two days later his throat swabs were taken and it was confirmed that he had swine flu on March 24,\" Navaneethan added. The health department is expected to test his immediate family members as a precautionary measure in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12497717", "title": "Thieves use ticketing facility on train to commit crime", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: After investigation into series of thefts on trains in the past few weeks, the railway police authorities have concluded that the robbers are taking advantage of the express fare ticket (EFT) facility to loot passengers, particularly during nights.Taking a serious view of the situation , railway SP M Kantha Rao wrote to the DRM and commercial manager asking them to see that the train ticket examiners (TTE) collect all the details of the general ticket passengers who subsequently seek accommodation in reserved and air-conditioned bogies by paying the differential amount.At present, the TTEs do not gather any information about such passengers except for issuing the EFT after collecting the fare.\"Some thieves who opt for the EFT are stealing the valuables of other passengers during nights,\" said Kantha Rao.While the personal details of all the passengers travelling in the reserved bogies are available with the authorities since it is mandatory to fill an application for booking the tickets in advance, absence of a similar provision while issuing the EFT is helping the smart thieves, he observed.Recently, an ex-army jawan was caught red-handed by the railway police in Vijayawada station while getting down with valuables of a passenger. During the investigation, Gunna Satish told the cops that it was an easy way out to rob passengers.A native of Narava village of Pendurthi mandal in Visakhapatnam district, Satish worked in the army for some time and did not go back after coming home on vacation. The railway police recovered valuables and cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh from his possession and he later admitted to committing thefts on trains.The railway police investigated a few more cases and were surprised to find a similar pattern. \"With no information such as address, mobile number or identity proof available with the commercial wing of the railways, the investigation into such cases is not making any headway,\" the SP said.Kantha Rao, who looks after Secunderabad and Vijayawada divisions, instructed the field officers to be more alert as summer season is prone to thefts and robberies in the trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497583", "title": "CAG report cites rising water pollution in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has come down hard on the state government over water pollution.Denting the green image of Gujarat, CAG, in its 2011-12 'civil' report, claimed that there is an \"upward trend\" in the incidence of water-borne diseases due to heavily polluted water sources.It cited South Gujarat as the worst case, where industrial clusters like Vapi and Ankleshwar and Nandesari near Vadodara have been blamed for violating pollution control norms and discharging untreated waste.About 32% of the state's drinking water sources were found to be \"contaminated\" in a premonsoon survey, but affected villagers were not alerted, claimed CAG. Though there were \"alternate sources of safe drinking water\" in 4,215 villages, the top state body, Water and Sanitation Management Organisation (WASMO), remained indifferent and did not alert the villagers.The report blamed the lackadaisical attitude of the state government, including agencies like Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB), for ignoring effects of pollution on human health.CAG said, \"Risks to human health from waterborne and water-related diseases due to pollution and from presence of metals and other organic pollutants in rivers, lakes and groundwater have not been assessed by the government.\"The CAG claimed the number of cases of acute diarrheal disease went up from 5.67 lakh in 2008 to 6.73 lakh in 2010; viral hepatitis from 10,051 to 16,234; enteric fever from 12,850 to 38,775; and cholera from 50 to 573. CAG said though rapid response teams were made available to fight these diseases, \"water pollution continued to pose a perennial challenge to the public health system in the state\".Referring to Gorva lake in Vadodara, CAG said hutment residents and slaughter houses adjoining the lake were discharging waste into the lake.\"The Water Quality Review Committee (WQRC) was set up (in 2002) to function as the nodal agency for compilation of reports, and convening meetings of implementing or testing agencies. But WQRC convened only six meetings in eight years and did not meet even once in 2006, 2007, 2009 and 2010,\"' CAG noted.Waste treatment a wasted effortBut, CAG, in its latest report, has found 12 CETPs doing just the opposite. The report is critical of Vapi, Ankleshwar, Nandesari, Kadodara, Sachin and Jetpur. In Vapi, for instance, CAG has found \"treated\" waste water out of CETPs to be four times more toxic than GPCB norms in terms of biological oxygen demand (BOD) value, three times higher in case of chemical oxygen demand values (COD) and four times higher in terms of total dissolved salts (TDS). All three of these values should be lower to allow life to thrive in water bodies. In Ankleshwar, CETPs were discharging \"treated\" industrial waste water that was 10 times higher in BOD values, five times higher in COD values, had seven times ammonia content than accepted limits while salt content was seven times higher.While pointing out Ankleshwar, Panoli and Jhagadia, CAG noted that units were illegally discharging \"untreated, concentrated, acidic and hazardous waste water directly into the GIDC manhole without primary or secondary treatment\".Referring to ONGC, Indian Oil, National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd, Bharat Petro-Chemicals Company Ltd, KRIBHCO, Reliance Industries Ltd , Larsen &amp; Toubro, Essar Industries, located in Hazira, CAG said, \"due to the presence of high level of hydro carbons in waste water\" discharged by these industries, \"large-scale death of aqua stock in the river was reported in the recent past.\" CAG noted that Dhagadhra Chemical Works Limited, manufacturer of salt-based chemical, discharging effluent into the little Rann of Kutch.Times ViewBimaru was a term coined for Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh - the most backward of all states. It is sickening to note that 'progressive' Gujarat actually falls in this category on the health front, notwithstanding the booming medical tourism in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498361", "title": "Institutionalized births bring down maternal deaths in Nashik district", "text": "NASHIK: With the promotion of institutionalized births, the percentage of home deliveries has reduced drastically over the years. The efforts of the district health office to promote institutionalized births have also helped bring down maternal deaths. Compared to 25% last year, the percentage of home deliveries has dropped to 20%, officials said.The year 2010-11 saw figures of home deliveries by mothers pegged at 17,633, which was 25% of the total 68,896 births registered in the district.\"The various schemes, including the prasavanand yojana, manav vikas karyakram, janani suraksha abhiyaan and other such projects put together have yielded much better results, as the number of home-based deliveries has remained at 12,163 till the end of February, taking the total percentage to 20% of the total 63,085 births registered in the entire district,\" additional district health officer (officiating), Dr Yogesh Sale, said.On the one hand, the percentage of institutionalized deliveries has increased, while on the other, maternal deaths have decreased to 63 in 2011-12 and infant mortality has also decreased to 1,092.The health office is taking efforts to ensure that auxiliary nurses and midwives (ANM) are given proper trainings to interact with locals and ensure that expecting mothers come to sub-centres, one of which exists for every 5,000 citizens. These are the smaller units of the primary health centres. \"The ANMs, along with a contractual employee, carry the message of safe pregnancies to villagers. The Lohoner sub-centre has performed the best by registering a total of 129 institutionalized births. This apart, the office has also started the hirkani kaksha in all 103 primary health centres in the district. Hirkani kaksha is a centre where the ANMs and others promote breast-feeding among the new mothers,\" Sale said.The auxillary nurses and midwives also guide the new mothers about all the dos and don'ts regarding childbirth, vaccinations for the child and care for the child as well, Sale added.2010-11--- 2011-12Total births: 68,896 --- 63,085Institutionalised births: 51,263 --- 50,922Home-based deliveries: 17,633 --- 12,163Maternal deaths: 76 63Infant mortality: 1,129 --- 1,092Child deaths: 535 --- 394", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497699", "title": "Interpol may step in to nab doctor couple", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police are preparing to take Interpol's help in tracking down a Dwarka-based doctor couple who had gone on a holiday to Bangkok a week ago leaving a minor maid locked in and starving in their apartment.There's no word from the couple, Dr Sanjay and Sumita Verma, who were to return on Saturday. Police want to know whether the two are still in Bangkok or have fled to another destination fearing arrest, said sources.Sources said lookout notices would be issued against the couple by Monday. The two had been asked to report to police by Sunday. Cops are now not taking any chances in the case which has stunned the city and exposed the plight of minors working as domestic helps.Police sources said they were in touch with the couple's relatives to know if any of them had been contacted by the accused. \"We are in touch with the relatives and have spoken to Sumita's father. We are verifying their claims,\" said the source. Sumita's parents live in Vikaspuri, west Delhi.Meanwhile, the cops have discovered that the people who run the Punjabi Bagh-based placement agency, from where the child was hired, had fled.\"Officials were sent to the agency but it was found locked. They must have absconded after the case came to light,\" an official said.The south west district police has also deployed men at the airport and authorities there have been informed about the couple. The Vermas face criminal charges for allegedly locking up a minor.On March 29, the locality's housemaids complained to the cops after which the child was rescued. On March 30, she was produced in front of the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) and the sub-divisional magistrate after which the teenager was placed in the safety of a children home at the Nirmal Chhaya complex.The CWC order says the couple had \"physically abused\" and \"mentally tortured\" the minor. The case was reported from Hanehmann Apartments in Sector 6, Dwarka.According to the CWC order the minor was passed through many hands and eventually landed up with a placement agency in Punjabi Bagh. She was brought to the Capital from Gumla, Jharkhand, by traffickers seven months back after the child was sold to them by her uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499447", "title": "Rising mercury poses risk of bacterial, viral diseases", "text": "JAIPUR: The rising mercury in the city has heightened the risk of people falling ill as an increased temperature is suitable for bacterial and viral growth.Typhoid, jaundice, gastroenteritis and fever are common diseases these days and are spreading in the city because of bacterial and viral growth. The outpatient departments (OPD) of SMS Hospital, JK Lon Hospital, Kanwatia Hospital and private clinics have registered a rise in patients with such complaints.Temperature between the range of 30 degrees Celsius and 40 degrees Celsius is conducive for bacterial growth in food and water and will make people vulnerable to seasonal diseases, doctors said.Dr C L Nawal, professor and unit head, department of medicine, SMS Medical College and Hospital, said, \"Patients coming to the hospital with complaints of jaundice, typhoid and gastroenteritis have increased. These diseases are water-borne and also caused by eating unhygienic and unsafe food.\"Besides, it is also a time when mothers have to take extra care of their infants and children. JK Lon hospital, which is a child specialty hospital, witnessed a rise in children being admitted to the hospital with diarrhoea, vomiting and other stomach ailments. Dr Ashok Gupta , the hospital's senior doctor, said, \"This is a suitable temperature for bacterial and e-coli growth. Bacteria and e-coli need slightly warm temperature to grow. So, as a result of bacterial and e-coli growth, patients have increased of diarrhea, vomiting, Hepatitis A and other stomach ailments including typhoid these days.\"He further said in high temperature the bacterial and e-coli growth is not as fast as in the temperature which is slightly warm.Dr Gupta informed that e-coli is causing diarrhoea and the sudden increase in the mercury level is causing bacterial infection in food which is giving rise to cases of typhoid and jaundice. \"But, when the temperature passes 40 degrees Celsius, complaints of heat fatigue, heat exhaustion and heat strokes would become common and the diseases which are prevalent these days would subside,\" he added.\"These diseases are common among children but people of all age are becoming ill because of bacteria and virus,\" Dr Arun Joshi said. He said precautions are the only way to deal with the stomach ailments. \"People should eat fresh food and should drink clean water,\" Dr Joshi added.Doctors' Advice1)Eat fresh food as bacteria can grow on food kept in for hours2)Drink clean water3)Keep food in hygienic containers4)Avoid eating unsafe food at roadside restaurants. Food has to be of good quality", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499903", "title": "Shamed, college dropout hangs self", "text": "CHENNAI: Unable to bear the ignominy of being beaten up after being caught for trespassing into a women's college hostel, a college dropout hanged himself near his house in Maduranthagam on Friday morning. Police on Saturday filed a case of abetting suicide against a manager of the college and a police sub-inspector who questioned him.K Ramachandran, 22, a former student of Santhoshi Polytechnic College, was found hanging from a tree, after his girlfriend attempts suicide when she heard that he had scaled the hostel wall.He was caught by employees of Santhoshi Nursing College hostel and questioned by the Chithamur police on Wednesday night. Ramachandran's family has filed a complaint against the police for alleged torture that led to his suicide. He was tied to a tree and beaten , his relatives said.Police have booked cases against college manager M Gurunathan and sub inspector Kasi of Chithamur police station. Police said on Wednesday night, students of the nursing college saw a man running on the corridor and cried out loud. The hostel warden and the security guard chased him, but he climbed a coconut tree. The college authorities managed to bring him down and tied him up before informing the police.Two policemen from Chithamur police station who came to the spot questioned him for a while and dropped him near his house after the college authorities told them that he was a former student of the neighbouring polytechnic college. As the news spread among the villagers on Thursday, his girlfriend consumed poison. She was taken to the Mathuranthagam government hospital, where she is recovering.\"He decided to end his life and chose the noose,\" said a senior citizen from the neighbourhood requesting anonymity . \"They tied him up to a tree and tortured him. He was made to stand in his undergarments in front of nursing students,\" he said. When contacted, K Yuvaraj, director of the Santhoshi Group of Colleges denied that the college staff had beaten up the youth. \"We did tie him up because we didn't want him to escape till the police came. He was in an inebriated state,\" he said.The preliminary postmortem report said there was no external injury on Ramachandran's body. A detailed report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12498198", "title": "Mother's rebuke ends dad's dream", "text": "NAGPUR: A student of final year computer engineering at Government Polytechnic, Sadar, was found dead with severe head injuries at Mankapur railway crossing on Saturday evening. Bhagyashree Dhote, 19, was upset as she had been rebuked by her mother over preparation of food a couple of days earlier.That act of Bhagyashree ended her autorickshaw driver father Dharmadas' dream to see her become an engineer graduate despite great financial odds. Dharmadas had resisted all attempt of the family to get Bhagyashree engaged or married stating she was yet to be an engineer. The intelligent girl, said the distraught father, had been scoring high marks in her academic career.In the last note addressed to her father, Bhagysharee mentioned she was unable to see mother disappointed with her. \"A couple of days ago, Bhagyashree had left home without eating and that had angered her mother. Mother pulled her up saying she must always eat something before leaving home. She had told the girl that if mother could not prepare food then she should cook something herself,\" said Dharmadas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503335", "title": "Divya's working hard", "text": "Like they, it's never too late for a first time of anything!Actor Divya Dutta shared one of her 'first time' experiences on a microblogging site recently as she admitted that she hadn't dubbed for two films simultaneously until very recently.The actor wrote, \"Mrnnning! day full of dubbings n mtngs! never dubbed fr 2 films simultaneously! same day! my frst! \".Not surprisingly, fans and well-wishers soon started posting on Divya's blog asking her to take it slow and resort to some meditation and healing exercises in the meantime. But to that, the actor replied on a witty note, \"I am xhausted! bol bol kar thak gayi! Jst got home! N t goddammd building issues! how does one stop thinking! pls dun suggest meditation! I cnt Do it! Failed miserably! meditation ke alawa kuch hai. To batao! gadadhari bheem shaaant hona chahte hain \". But then, her message got fans anxious and they started writing frantic messages to Dutta asking her if she was indeed fatigued and in need of some medical help. Divya, however, confirmed soon enough that she was indeed fine and it was only the excessive work that day that had exhausted her. She wrote, \"Guys I m totally fine!jst wanted smethn fr mind relaxation! Stp worrying!\" Well, given her endearing personality, it's only obvious fans would be worried for her!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12498769", "title": "Behl couple bring healing around them", "text": "MODEL TOWN: If Krishan Kumar Behl was like most retired men, he would be spending his days reading newspapers, meeting friends over tea and holidaying. But the 78-year-old retired bank manager spends the larger part of his day meeting patients and helping them in a charitable hospital in Model Town. His wife Varsha, an ayurvedic doctor, has also been providing medicines free of cost to poor people.Krishan says he and his wife always wanted to serve society. ''I could not take much time out while I was working. But the day I retired I decided my remaining time will be devoted to social service and joined the charitable hospital. I will work as long as my health permits it,'' says Krishan, adding that it gives him peace.Father of three sons running a business, Krishan also had the option of assisting them. ''That's not where my heart lies. My sons never stopped me from serving society. On the contrary they support me in helping as many people as I want to,'' he adds.About her commitment to providing free medicines, Varsha says she had pledged while completing her studies that she would always treat for free. ''After marriage I set up a small clinic in our house. My father was the ''Raj vaidya'' for king of Patiala and served free of cost therefore I decided to follow his footsteps. I have been fulfilling my pledge since 1961 and will continue to do so. It gives me joy,'' she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12503275", "title": "Fitness comes first for Gul", "text": "While some people shy away from physical workouts during summer citing work commitments, some -others simply excuse themselves saying the obvious thing - \"it's too hot\".But you will certainly never hear such lame excuses from our B-town fitness enthusiasts, especially \"Dor\" actor Gul Panag who is known to be one of the fittest actors in town. Apparently, Gul doesn't skip her workouts even after a tough day at work! The actor doesn't miss her workouts on Sunday either! Earlier on Sunday she shared with fans on a microblogging site how she had just finished a \"kick ass workout\" after a hard day at work. The actor wrote, \"Kick ass workout (after a long tiring day of work) thanks to my super hawt new trainer/co-worker.\" Well , many B'wood babes can borrow a page or two from your fitness diary for sure Gul.Later in the day, the actor went on to a rather playful mood as she wrote, \"You know when you stare at your overflowing cupboard and can't find anything to wear? Yeah, that (sic)\". But just when fans and friends starting posting messages questioning how big was her wardrobe really, the actor revealed that she usually has a balanced wardrobe... thanks to her friends and close ones! Gul wrote, \"The amount of clothes in my wardrobe are always constant . Buy 2 things - give 2 aways lol. Donating always. Friends, nieces always raiding wardrobe(sic)\". We like, we like!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12500115", "title": "Fighting tuberculosis", "text": "Karim S Karim, associate professor, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Waterloo, Canada, has received a $100,000 grant to pursue research on tuberculosis detection. He speaks to Malini Sen about his inventionTuberculosis affects a third of the world's population and claims 1.8 million lives annually, most of them in Asia and Africa. Karim S Karim, who was born in Pakistan and moved to Canada almost 20 years ago, has seen the devastation that tuberculosis can cause. As a child in Pakistan, he vividly recalls seeing patients with tuberculosis cough up blood. Both his parents were doctors and he heard a lot about the disease at home.\"Tuberculosis is something that I have seen, and it's bad. In fact, it's more prevalent than heart disease. It cuts across age, but the worst segment affected is young children ,\" he says.Karim is developing a low-cost digital X-ray detector that will screen for tuberculosis only. He is using existing detectors and modifying them so that they are smaller since the detector will only be used to examine the lungs, not the full chest. Then they can be used in tuberculosis screening clinics in developing countries.\"We plan to identify suitable partners in government, NGOs and the private sector and work with them to enable widespread adoption of this technology in developing countries,\" he says.As a scientist, Karim made a key discovery that led him to challenge the disease. \"Innovation in the process of discovery is just as important as innovation in the process of translation of that discovery towards a useful purpose,\"he adds.Karim studied his undergraduate (1999) and doctoral degrees (2002) in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Waterloo, Canada. In September 2009, he enrolled for a part-time MBA (morning MBA) with the University of Toronto's Rotman School of Management.On why he felt the need to pursue an MBA after a PhD, Karim opines, \"My engineering background gave me an insight into the process of creativity and knowledge creation. I am pursuing an MBA to get a deeper insight into the process of knowledge and technology transfer.\"Being a student of the morning MBA programme helps him to juggle his different roles. \"It's very convenient; classes take place from 7am to 9am twice a week. Moreover, my evenings and weekends are free to spend with my family . I am thankful to the faculty and administrative staff at Rotman to have the foresight and commitment to offer the morning part-time MBA programme .\" Karim will complete his MBA programme in April. A typical day when he attends the MBA class twice a week is - \"I get to bed by 10pm the night before, wake up at 4am, leave the house by 5am, get to Rotman by 6.30am, have breakfast and attend class, leave Rotman at 9am, get to work by 10.30am, carry on with research, teaching and administrative matters until 5pm, pick up the children from school, get home for dinner by 6pm, and wrap up any unfinished work between 7.30pm to 9pm. It is streamlined and I am grateful for my wife's support.\"Karim was named one of 15 'rising star' researchers by Grand Challenges Canada, an independent not-for-profit organisation funded through a federal government programme that urges the best minds to find solutions to the world's health problems. He received a $100,000 seed grant to further develop his digital X-ray detector.WHO INFLUENCED ME ... ...there have been many over time such as my parents, both doctors and my paternal grandmother who lived with us during my childhood and was a woman full of love and kindness. I have always enjoyed reading biographies particularly Gandhi, Mandela, Keller, Curie, Edison, Jobs, Welch and Gerstner. The Aga Khan Foundation is an example of an institution that is focused on positive change through health and education, often forgotten in parts of the world. More recently, I was inspired by the Gates Foundation and Warren Buffet and their contribution towards improving global health. The common thread between these diverse set of people and institutions is that they are all driven by the desire to make people's lives better in some way or the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498857", "title": "Faridabad resident gets Katrina ke calls", "text": "GURGAON: Gautam Nijhawan, an MNC employee working in Cyber City, is yet another victim of the ad campaign by a soft drink company featuring Katrina Kaif.He has been getting numerous calls since mid-February from all over the country in which callers are asking him to put them on to the actress.The misunderstanding has arisen due to the similarity of the first nine digits of his mobile number to those of the number printed on some of the soft drink bottles' crowns.Nijhawan's mobile number is 9810888300. The first nine digits of his SIM number are similar to those printed on some of the Slice bottles' crowns. While the last digit of Nijhawan's number is 0, the digit on the bottles is 6. Apparently, by mistake callers are reading it as '0' and call him.The promotional advertisement has claimed that one could call Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif after finding her on the Slice mango drink.Nijhawan, a resident of Faridabad, said, \"While mostly children and women call in the daytime, it is men who calls in the nighttime. I could not understand at first but later found out that there was some Slice advertisement which said callers can talk to the actress through the number printed on the bottle.\"Nijhawan added that besides the calls he had been getting numerous text messages as well with texters asking for more details. Some of them were lewd as well.\"After I read news reports of a Gurgaon-based couple, in a similar situation as mine, also getting numerous calls in this connection, I thought of highlighting my predicament. I have stopped taking calls from unknown numbers and put my phone on silent mode during the night, he said.When contacted, a spokesperson from Slice company said that callers should be careful while calling the number. \"It has been brought to our notice that a consumer may have/has been receiving calls from participants in the 'Katrina Ka Number Crown Ke Under' promotion. We would like to request participants to be careful while dialling the promotion phone numbers so as not to cause any inconvenience to others,\" said the Slice spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12498917", "title": "24 hours on, Sunny's killers yet to be traced", "text": "INDORE: Though over 24 hours passed after the gruesome murder of ex-corporator' son Sunny Yadav in Banganga area of the city, the police are yet to nab the prime accused involved in the crime. The city police claimed on Sunday that all the accused would be behind bars soon.Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) A Sai Manohar said that the police were trying to arrest the accused in connection with the murder of the 25-year-old and have traced the accused. They all will be behind the bar soon, he added.The police booked five persons namely Ashok Patel, Rajesh Patel, Gurucharan, Rajesh's wife and mother under Sections 302, 147, 148, 149, 294 of the IPC.The SSP said two women have also been booked for their alleged involvement in the conspiracy to murder Sunny.Komal Yadav, uncle of the deceased, was produced before the district court, which sent him in police remand till April 4. He has been booked under Section 353, 307 of the IPC by the Banganga police. He had mistakenly fired at ASI Satish Andaman and injured him while he was trying to shoot down the person who allegedly shot Sunny.Sunny, son of KK Yadav, was killed in broad daylight in Banganga area on Saturday afternoon when he tried to sort out a dispute related to a piece of land. The incident triggered panic among citizens and over 1,000 cops were deployed to maintain law and order in the area. KK Yadav is the former corporator from the area besides being a Congress leader.Despite a heavy police deployment in the locality to prevent any untoward incident following the death of Sunny, some unidentified persons set a shop afire. The shop belongs to the family of the accused.Requesting anonymity, a police official said that the heavy police deployment would continue till Monday keeping in view the post-death rituals (teesara), in which many leaders and supporters of Yadav clan are supposed to be attended.The SSP awarded Rs 15,000 cash reward to constable Rohit Yadav and ASI Satish Andman for their handling of the violent situation. Rohit, a constable with Baaz squad snatched the gun from an accused, when they were brandishing it at the crowd while Satish stopped Komal Yadav from firing and sustained bullet injuries in the bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12505288", "title": "Aakash II tablet coming in May: Kapil Sibal", "text": "KOLKATA: A faster and enhanced version of low-cost tablet PC, Aakash, would be launched on trial basis in May, Human Resources Development Minister Kapil Sibal said here today.\"The second version of Aakash will be launched some time in May,\" Sibal said on the sidelines of an ICC organised higher education conclave.He said the tablet PC was being tested and based on feedback from students commercial production would be taken up.The new tablet would have a better 3200m AH battery with a three hour battery backup, a 700 MHz Cortex A8 processor and a capacitive touchscreen which would get over the earlier issues observed in the tablets, Sibal had said earlier.The first stage of 100,000 tablets was aimed for students of higher technical educational institutions, he had said recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498501", "title": "NCP has its democratic process in place: Chhagan Bhujbal", "text": "NASHIK: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has a democratically elected process in place, deputy chief minister Chhagan Bhujbal stated on Sunday, reacting to Sharad Koshire's election as city unit president. Koshire replaced Gajanan Shelar, who had alleged that Bhujbal was using the Mahatma Phule Samata Parishad for personal gains.Bhujbal said that since the city unit president had resigned from his post, the party elected Koshire to ensure that there was a committee in place before the election process began.\"The NCP has a democratically elected process in place, where even party president Sharad Pawar has to contest elections. The party's organizational elections are scheduled next month. Since the city unit president (Shelar) had resigned a month ago, the party wanted to have a head here before the electoral process begins. Hence, Sharad Koshire was elected,\" Bhujbal said.The party, under the leadership of Shelar, fared badly in the recent elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). The city unit chief himself lost to Sanjay Chavan, an NCP rebel from ward 54. Feeling alienated, Shelar immediately resigned from the post, alleging, \"Bhujbal was surrounded by a coterie, it was not good for the party.\"Though the resignation was not accepted for a month, it was neither withdrawn by Shelar. When the NCP announced last Friday the appointment of Koshire as city unit chief, Shelar, at a press conference on Saturday claimed that the Bhujbals were using their Samata Parishad for personal gains.Bhujbal, in Nashik for a meeting on Sunday, said that since organizational elections were scheduled next month, the city unit president would only be confirmed after that.He refused to comment on Shelar's allegations regarding the Samata Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12499229", "title": "Goa board's Class X exams begin today", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 15,562 students are set to appear for the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education's Class X examinations starting April 2.The public exams will begin with students answering the first language papers.The exam will be conducted across 24 centres in Goa and will start at 10am on each of the days. The Secondary School Certificate Exams will end on April 11.This year too, the Goa board will mark students based on grades as well as marks. Last year, the grading system was introduced for the Class X and Class XII exams and the marks system has been continued parallel to it for a better understanding of the grading system for students and parents.The first batch of students who have opted for the state government's prevocational scheme will be answering the Class X exams this year.The scheme has been implemented in 22 rural schools in Goa to arrest dropouts. Students can choose from agriculture, mushroom cultivation, plumbing, electrical repairs and home science among other subjects instead of mathematics and science subjects to pursue job-oriented education.A Goa board circular to students has stated, \"On the first day of the examination, candidates must be present at the place of examination not later than 9.30am and on the rest of the days the candidates should report 15 minutes before the commencement of the examination in the subject. Late arrival beyond 30 minutes after the commencement of the examination in each subject shall disqualify the candidates to appear for the examination.\"Students from 350 government and government-aided schools in the state answer the Class X exams each year.The Class X board exams for special children, which follows a separate timetable, will begin on April 2 and end by April 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12499946", "title": "Mastermind, two others held for murder of grocer", "text": "CHENNAI: The police on Sunday arrested three more men in connection with the robbery and murder of grocer in Kodungaiyur on Wednesday.One of the accused, M Mahesh, was arrested at the Egmore Court on Friday, three others were nabbed by a special police team from a hideout in Manali on Saturday. The police have also detained a man who reportedly allowed the gang members to briefly stay in his house near Kona Falls outside Tirupati.A police officer said K Manimaran, 28, of Ambedkar Street in Kodungaiyur, P Munusamy, 23, of Bharathidasan Street in Kodungaiyur, and D Srini alias Srinivasan, 24, of Perumal Koil Street in Manali, were caught in Manali after investigators received a tip about their location . On interrogation, the three men revealed that Manimaran, who is involved in seven crime cases including murder, had planned to rob Rajarathnam a week ago. The gang followed the grocer for three days before they killed him and escaped with 34,500.\"Manimaran hatched the plot to rob Rajarathnam of the daily collection that he carried home with him. The gang made an abortive attempt to rob the grocer a day before the murder,\" MKB Nagar assistant commissioner of police Govi Manoharan said.According to plan, two of the assailants followed him in an autorickshaw and attacked him, using the branch of a tree as a club. The trio revealed that they stayed in the house of a friend, Tirupathi Iyer, near Kona Falls, and moved to Uthukottai and then Periapalayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12498881", "title": "Power tariff hike to hit Indore Municipal Corporation hard", "text": "INDORE: The hike in power tariff approved by Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) on Saturday is likely to put an additional burden of nearly Rs 6 crore on Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) in 2012-13. The new tariff will come into effect from April 10 and the IMC will have to shell out the extra bucks from May onwards.IMC consumes nearly 6 lakh units of electricity per day and every year it consumes nearly 21.65 crores of units of electricity for its water supply. At the rate of Rs 3.71 per unit (unit charge plus fixed charge), civic body pays Rs 80.33 crore for the power bills on water supply. With the approved hike of 7.27 per cent in power tariff, the cost of electricity per unit will go up by Rs 0.27 and now for 21.65 units of electricity, which is being used for water supply, civic body will pay around Rs 86.19 crore per annum.With the starting of second phase of Narmada Phase III from April or May, the electricity bill on water supply will escalate by additional Rs 45 crore. The IMC will then have to pay around Rs 131 crore for the electricity used in water supply. The increased power bills will eat up almost half of the surplus revenue collected by the IMC this fiscal year. This year, the IMC has collected nearly Rs 90 crore more in comparison to last year's collection.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said that hike in power tariff was anticipated but with the record revenue collection this year civic body will be in a position to pay its power bills.If not for the opposition to the proposed 24 per cent hike in power tariff by Western Region Electricity Distribution Company, IMC was likely to suffer even more.Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Dhristi Mitra 2050 said, \"Discom had proposed 24 per cent hike in power tariff but the citizens opposed it tooth and nail. Following which, MPERC approved only 7.27 per cent of hike in power tariff and this saved around Rs 22 crore of the IMC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498942", "title": "Back to school from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kids have packed their bags with excitement as the new session will begin from Monday onwards as some of the city private schools reopen.These private schools will start the classes I to X as per summer timings, where as the kindergartens in some of these schools, like St John's and Saupin's will begin the session from April 4 after their orientation programmes. As the schools prepare to get back to work, for many parents, the past weekend went into buying new books, bags, pencils, pens and uniforms for their kids. Abha Vashisht, mother of a Class VIII student, said, \"She hasn't bought her stationary and books on her own and I had to accompany her even this time.\"While the excitement among senior students is not much, the little ones checking out books at various stores across the city looked quite excited about getting back to school. Ranjan Gaud, father of a Class II student, said, \"He has been after my life to buy books and bag from last one week. He kept counting days left in reopening of the school as he missed his classmates a lot.\"Even the government schools will begin admissions for the next academic session from Monday onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12502481", "title": "Indians spend 8 hours a day on internet", "text": "Eight hours in a day, half the time we are awake is the amount of time we spend on the internet, says a recent survey. We log in to find more.A recent survey by an antivirus giant reveals that an average Indian spends eight hours in a day on the internet. This is almost half the time we are awake in a day's time. Shocking as this may come to most of us, we ourselves might find to be one of them. Is the famous predicament of technology enslaving us finally coming true?Is the world's biggest revolution finally starting to show its side effects? Has the virtual become real and the real has lost its importance? In the same light we try to find what is compelling us to sit through for such long hours.A survey of Indian net users has thrown up several interesting trends. Of all activities, the respondents said they would miss doing work-related tasks the most if left without an internet connection. Social networking was the second most important task, while \"convenience of life\" activities like paying bills and shopping online came third.In fact, 83% of the users said they couldn't live without the internet for more than 24 hours. \"I am shocked,\" says director Nupur Asthana as she gets the news. She adds, \"If this is the case then it means we are isolating ourselves from the world. Virtual socializing seems to have gained prominence now. Internet is becoming all consuming.\"Designer Digvijay Singh on the other hand remains on the conventional side of this story. He feels it's better not to get consumed by this craze. He says, \"Machine is overpowering. But that should not be the reason to remain hooked on to the internet for so long which might lead to health complications.\" From banking, booking tickets for holidays abroad to keeping in touch with your friend in a faraway country has all become possible because of the ever-evolving web world.No wonder, we carry the world in our pockets (read mobile phones). According to a telecom industry report, the money spend on mobile internet by the young population in India will cross $9 billion by 2012.In metros, about 57% of Indian youth access internet using their mobile phones. Mobile internet in India has seen a growth spurt over the past few years. In 2009, 53.5 million subscribers accessed internet through their mobile phones.By 2012, about 200 million Indian mobile subscribers are likely to use web on their mobile phones. Taking a holistic look, entrepreneur Dushyant Joshi says, \"The obvious good side of internet is the connectivity. Now people are using internet for a longer duration due to the availability of multiple portable devices like mobile phones and iPads with Wi-Fi connections.\"He also states the downside though, \"Thanks to the curiosity factor, people end up spending extra time surfing on the net. Also, the warmth in relationships is on the decline as people prefer to keep in touch through social networking sites.\" But it is also the result of our hectic schedules and extended working hours.Subir Malik, band member of Parikrama talks on the same lines as he says, \"I'm online almost throughout the day, but that doesn't mean I am not working or just wasting my time. In my profession I need the internet to send pictures, talk to people and a lot more.\"He points out the downside of internet usage by saying, \"Thanks to our hectic lifestyle, it is difficult to meet people regularly, this is where internet comes as a saviour. People find it convenient, relaxing and even de-stressing to share their daily nuances with people. One should maintain a balance.\"(With inputs from A Patel)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499349", "title": "Resorts, forest dept incur losses as Sariska remains closed", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sariska Tiger Reserve wore a deserted look on Sunday as few tourists who turned up for sight seeing had to leave disappointed after protesting villagers didn't allow them to enter the reserve.The five day-long protest by farmers against relocation of villages from the periphery of the reserve area has hit the hospitality industry hard. The resorts around the reserve are receiving frantic mails and calls from tourists cancelling their trips. Angry villagers have even blocked the entrance to prominent hotels by placing piles of wood and stones.Unlike other Sundays when the reserve witnesses high footfall, this Sunday not a single tourist could visit the jungle. Many tourists who overstayed hoping the agitation would be called off are now planning to leave. \"We are incurring huge losses daily. Forget about advance bookings, we are running below capacity now,\" said an official of Hotel Tiger Den.Forest department too has been facing the heat. \"On weekends, the forest attracts over 1500 visitors everyday. Under the current scenario, we are losing out on large revenue,\" said R S Shekhawat, field director, Sariska Tiger Reserve. The entry fee for a foreign tourist is Rs 400, while for an Indian it is Rs 50.\"Since the authorities turned a deaf ear to our demands, this is the only way left to shake them. We will not allow tourist entry till our demands are not met,\" said Bhupat Balyan, group leader. The villagers have demanded suspension of relocation and withdrawal of a ban on purchase or sale of their land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498845", "title": "Administration refuses Rs 12.93 crore payment to Punjab cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration refused to pay security charges of Rs 12.93 crore to Punjab government during the previous financial years 2011-12. The administration had earlier sanctioned the payment of Rs 12.13 crore to Punjab government, but retracted it citing \"budget was not enough for releasing the payment.\"The retraction came on the last day of previous financial year 2011-12 (March 31) from the administration. Finance secretary (FS) V N Singh said the payment will be released in the present financial year 2012-13.The payment would be directed to three companies of Punjab police, which are deputed in Chandigarh since 1996, for maintaining law and order. But, a majority of these police personnel are deployed in the security of private and government banks and VVIPs.Sources from the administration said, \"The security charges had been pending since the beginning and it was only in 2010, when a payment of Rs 2 crore was released to Punjab government.\"They added, Punjab government has reportedly sent more than 14 rejoinders against UT administration seeking the release of payment in the past five years.The Punjab cops divided into three companies of state police are paid their salaries from Punjab government. Practically, Chandigarh administration should have taken the responsibility of releasing their salaries and other incentives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498458", "title": "Drought and politics dry up most taluks", "text": "BANGALORE: Farmers in the state are staring at dusty fields, withering crops and lost hopes. In all, 24 districts are reeling under a severe drought. The estimated crop loss is around Rs 4,850 crore. Politics, not the drought, is the problem, say people. For, the ruling BJP seems to be busy with infighting. The double impact of drought and the prolonged political battle between chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and former CM B S Yeddyurappa is contributing to an endless cycle of human suffering. While over 70% of the state's population is under the grip of a drought, the two camps are resorting to breakfast and lunch diplomacy.The last time the state endured such conditions was in 1999-2002. Already about 123 of the total 175 taluks are hit. And most of these taluks are represented by BJP MLAs.Officials overseeing drought relief measures admit that there will be a grave problem in the next two months - the hottest period of the season. \"Unless mitigatory measures are taken, it can take a serious toll on humans as well as livestock in the coming months,'' warned a senior official in the rural and panchayat raj department.According to reports, the overall deficiency of rain is 64%. Corrupt NREGA officials and drying water tanks have doubled people's woes. \"Those who do manage to get work under NREGA are either not paid minimum wages, or paid months later. Government does not pay attention to us, and corruption is rife in all schemes. Water tankers doing the rounds of drought-hit districts are not reaching the needy. Water in tankers is not enough for all thirsty families. As a result, villagers often drink from contaminated canals,\" said Basavana GoudaPatil, a farmer leader in north Karnataka.The water table has gone down considerably in Krishna basin in north Karnataka, the major source of water, in the past 15 years. Almatti, Hippargi and Narayanpur reservoirs have been drying up fast. The situation is no different in south Karnataka, especially in drought-prone areas of Kolar, Chikkaballapur and Tumkur districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498457", "title": "Video-conferencing in real time now: BSNL", "text": "NASHIK: Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited's (BSNL) voice and video over broadband service is an excellent idea for its customers, as they will be able to hold video-conferencing in real time, said Member of Parliament (MP) Harishchandra Chavan, who is also a member of BSNL's advisory committee here.Chavan was speaking at a programme organized to inaugurate BSNL's internet exchange at Kale Nagar, Andavalli, with the capacity of 2,000 connections. The programme also witnessed the launch of the voice and video over broadband service. Mayor Yatin Wagh, BSNL's senior general manager M K Jain and additional general manager Nitin Mahajan and others were also present.Subscribers will be able to call from any phone at Rs 2.50 per minute to any destination for 60 seconds.\"Since the exchange is based in Pune, every number will have a 020 code suffixed before the eight-digit number. Nashik is the second city to launch the services after Pune in Maharashtra,\" Jain said.An official said the bandwidth of the broadband that will be used for the calls will not be charged and the service will come without any rental. However, as the unit is costly, BSNL plans to let customers pay for it in monthly installments.The technology will work marvels in the educational sector, where video-conferencing is used. The advantage is that the video output can also be connected to overhead projectors and LCD television sets for better interaction in real time.Though the initial investment is high when it comes to buying a video phone for the services, Softphone software if installed in computers will reduce the cost drastically, as it is free, and webcams at terminals can be converted into cameras for the phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12499261", "title": "Truck gets stuck at rail tracks in Jagatpura, disrupts 5 trains", "text": "JAIPUR: The movement of at least five trains was disrupted for at least two hours when a truck got stuck at the railway tracks in Kundan Nagar of Jagatpura area after losing balance on Sunday. The truck driver escaped from the spot and the police have registered an FIR against him.According to police, the incident took place around 9 am. The truck was supposed to take a turn from a four-lane road to a two-lane one in Kundan Nagar but the truck driver could not apply brakes on time. The truck lost balance and got stuck in the railway tracks.\"At least five trains were disrupted as the truck remained stuck on the road for two hours,\" said a police officer.He added that the truck had to be towed away from the tracks. \"We have registered an FIR against the truck driver who escaped. A search has been launched for him,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12504826", "title": "Bheema Theeradalli amidst controversies", "text": "Bheema Theeradalli and Dev Son of Mudde Gowda these two films are surrounded by controversies due to their titles.The films titles have raged the Korma and Vokkaliga community members of the state. Apparently titles have disturbed Karnataka Film Chamber of Commmerce (KFCC) too.According to community members feel that the filmmakers have criticized their community. Thus Korma community members have complained against the Bheema Theeradalli director Om Prakash Rao, while the Vokkaliga community members complained against the Dev Son of Mudde Gowda director Indrajit Lankesh.The communities have asked for apology from the both the directors. But, according to directors their movies did not have any relation to the communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12498691", "title": "Ludhianvis eye Malaysia for marriages", "text": "LUDHIANA: As Ludhiana weddings get bigger and fatter, exotic and foreign locales for tying the knot have become an aspiration for the city residents. And with Ludhianavis thronging to enquire about them, Malaysia is fast turning out to be the hottest destination for a big, fat Punjabi wedding. Tourism Malaysia is trying to cash in on splurging Punjabis offering all the frills of a wedding and much more at Malaysia.With all arrangements in place, Tourism Malaysia deputy director Chandra Sehgaran, who was in city on Sunday, said, ''We have a number of gurudwaras in Malaysia and thus we have all the arrangements for a Punjabi marriage there. Over 7 lakh tourists from India visit Malaysia every year and now we want to promote Malaysia as a wedding destination as well.''Wedding planner and director of Shenaiyan in Malaysia, Keshika Advani, said, ''Ludhiana is known for its lavish weddings and affluence and this is what has attracted us to this city. The response is amazing and we already have 25 queries for weddings in Malaysia. Out of these we have one query each for a bachelor's party and anniversary celebration.''She adds, ''The packages that we offer for weddings in Malaysia start from Rs 50,000 per head inclusive of everything, even some site seeing and stay for three nights and four days excluding the air fare. The locales offered for the marriages include beaches, hill stations and prominent cities.''Attracted by the idea of a foreign locale wedding, Manpreet Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town, said, ''I was not aware of the fact that Malaysia also offers wedding locales. I want to organize an extra ordinary - fairy tale wedding for my sister that remains etched in everyone's memory for years to come. At present, I am working out the costs of the entire extravaganza in Malaysia and would disclose it to my sister after finalizing everything.''Sarabjit Singh , a resident of Rajguru Nagar, said, ''Wedding is one of the most important event in one's life. With a sea of relatives participating in festivities playing out for a week, its the perfect event to go all out with lavish locales and arrangements. And what better a location than Malaysia with the tourism industry there offering attractive offers. It's would be a great way to build memories for a lifetime.''He adds, ''We've planning a wedding for our son and when we hear about Malaysia, the offers looked pretty attractive. For us the cost factor was the concern but Malaysian tourism has offered us customized wedding package keeping our wishes, requirement and budget in mind.''Banking on the Punjabi wedding market, Achinto Bose, marketing manager of Tourism Malaysia, said, ''With the wedding market growing bigger and fatter each day, I am quite sure that people of Ludhiana are not going to lag behind. We are hopeful to book many weddings and functions from this city.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498225", "title": "Kurla-Mankhurd commuters suffer in 5-hour block", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers, especially those from Navi Mumbai, faced inconvenience on Sunday as the Harbour line was completely cut off between Kurla and Mankhurd stations during the five-hour rail megablock.All Up Harbour line services leaving Panvel/Belapur/Vashi from 10.20am to 3.27pm were suspended. All Dn Harbour line services for Vashi/Belapur/Panvel leaving Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus from 10.23am to 3.37pm were also suspended. However, special locals ran on CST-Kurla and Mankhurd-Panvel sections during the block period, a CR spokesperson said.The CR also operated megablock on the low line between Kalyan and Thane stations from 11am to 4pm. This disturbed the frequency of trains. The Up slow trains from Kalyan were diverted on the fast track. Up slow services were not available for Thakurli, Kopar, Diva, Mumbra and Kalwa stations.Passengers were permitted to travel via Dombivli and Thane stations in Dn directions on their valid card/season tickets during the block period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12498794", "title": "Chilling out is top on this gang's agenda", "text": "LUDHIANA: Isha Marwha, Shruti Bawa, Vasundhra and Ainaa Kapoor need no special place or reason to meet. Living up to the motto of ''girls just wanna have some fun'' they like to chill out wherever they are.On Sunday, their chosen destination was a neighbourhood park and their ''activity'' for the day was to herald the arrival of summers with an ice cream treat.Civil Lines-resident Isha, 16, is the unofficial ''group leader'' because she is the one who makes friends easily. ''I love making new friends. Wherever I go, be it my tuition, school or even a family function,'' she says.Her classmate Shruti, who stays in Model Town, is the one who adds fun in their group. ''All of us enjoy being around her. Her philosophy is that life is meant for enjoying,'' says Isha.Smiling, Shruti says that the two have been friends for more than six years. ''We have our disagreements but we patch up soon and very close to each other,'' she adds.True to her style, it is Isha who introduced 15-year-old Vasundhra of Sant Nagar and 20-year-old Ainaa Kapoor, a resident of Civil Lines, to Shruti a few weeks ago.''I met them one after the other in a family function and we instantly hit it off so I introduced Shruti to them. Now we meet often and our friendship is going stronger,'' says Isha.Ainaa says they met on Sunday since exams are over and the next session set to start. ''We ended up enjoying ourselves at a park near Vasundhra's house in Sant Nagar having ice cream and playing with water from a garden hose there. It was an awesome time,'' she says.Ask Vasundhra is there is anything common between the four and she is quick to answer, ''All four of us love dancing and chilling out. Though we don't mind exploring new places, Sarabha Nagar market is our favourite hang out place.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498905", "title": "MCG finds it tough to make Sadar Bazaar vehicle-free", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has been finding it difficult to make Sadar Bazaar a vehicle-free area with so many entry and exit points in the market.To solve the problem of traffic chaos within the market, last year the MCG had got a survey done to find a solution to the current problem. The Institute of Road Traffic Education (IRTE) filed a survey report on the entrances into Sadar Bazaar after surveying the area for more than three months. The survey report will now be discussed with the traffic department to resolve the serious traffic problem within the market.According to the report filed by the IRTE, the market has 80 connecting roads through which 150 vehicles are entering every hour. The MCG in December had asked the agency to survey the market.The officials said that the survey was done to check the traffic volume at the busy intersections in and around Sadar Bazaar and it was found that the traffic volume was the highest at Agrasen Chowk.\"During the 16-hour survey, 60,000 vehicles were recorded entering the road. The traffic concentration at Apna Bazaar road going towards Mor Chowk, Sadar Bazaar to new railway road and Mor Chowk to jail road was recorded as very high during the survey,\" said an official.As per the survey report, the traffic movement on these roads is very high, making it difficult to turn the area into a vehicle-free zone. With more parking spaces, the problem can be solved.The officials claim that now the report would be taken further with the traffic department which can come up with better ideas of addressing the traffic problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499088", "title": "Farmers will not bear the brunt of power tariff hike: Chouhan", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that farmers will be spared of the burden arising out from hike in the power tariff as the state government is mulling over raising the current limit of electricity subsidy.The state government will extend subsidy to farmers after the Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) yesterday revised the tariffs across the board.The revised rates will come into effect from April 10, official sources said today.In the context of hike, Chouhan said his government was already giving subsidy worth Rs 1400 crores to farmers at present.If needed, the state government will raise the quantum of this subsidy and offset the difference from the state exchequer.The MPERC yesterday announced hike in the power tariffs across all categories following which the domestic electricity bills will go up by 7.17 per cent, while the increase will be at 6.9 per cent for non-domestic users, 4.68 per cent for water works, 4.34 for streetlights, 9.1 per cent for industrial purposes, 6.07 per cent for agriculture (pumps) and 6.54 per cent for agriculture (others).Under the high tension category, the raise will be at 8.56 per cent for railways, 8.34 per cent for coal mines, 7.94 per cent for industrial use, 7.02 per cent for non-industrial use, 7.62 per cent for seasonal purposes, 4.65 for irrigation and 9.78 per cent for bulk residential users, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12500093", "title": "Food politics at JNU", "text": "NEW DELHI: The New Materialists' is a group of students in Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) who have come together to fight the caste system on campus and in the country. The group is based on the ideologies of Marx, Periyar and Ambedkar. The group, formed around a year back to assert their rights as part of the campaign to abolish the Brahminical influence prevalent on campus , has come up with a demand to include beef and pork in the food served in the canteens at JNU.According to the members, the university campus, dominated by the Leftaligned organisations and ideology is Brahminical in nature. \"We feel it is important to form this group to raise the issue of caste politics. Our ultimate goal is to abolish caste divisions on campus and later in society. Our first step in this direction is to do away with the food politics. Hence, we want both beef and pork to be served on campus,\" says Ananda Krishna Raj, member of the group, pursuing MPhil in international law at JNU.The group has been distributing pamphlets and putting up posters to raise awareness about the campaign for some time, however, the first public meeting was held on March 20, where students and faculty members were present.The group feels that the varsity is a multi-cultural place, with students from all parts of the country. \"Why should the culture and food habits at a democratic campus be dominated by only a single majority? There are around more than 600 northeastern and south Indian students on campus. First objective of the campaign is to ensure beef and pork are available at the Northeast dhabha, which specialises in northeastern food and later they are included in the hostel mess as well,\" says Raj.There are around 300 international students on campus and they are supporting the cause as well though they are not a part of the group. The group has a dedicated a facebook page as the JNU beef, pork eating community. However, the university administration is not amused, says Sudha Pai, rector, JNU, \"This is not a campaign. The issue is not important enough to be discussed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12498510", "title": "Zardari likely to visit Ajmer next week on private trip", "text": "AJMER: The district administration here is revving up for the visit of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , who is likely to offer prayers at the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti on April 8. The entire dargah area is likely to be cleared of other devotees during Zardari's visit.In Islamabad , presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said Zardari's trip was initially planned to be a private visit, but he did not rule out the possibility of it turning into an official one.Only khadims will be allowed inside the shrine during Zardari's visit.Apart from Indian security and intelligence agencies, officials of Pakistan high commission and Pakistan's security agencies will oversee arrangements of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's proposed visit here on April 8.District collector Manju Rajpal said details of Zardari's visit were being prepared. \"Nearly 1,600 security personnel will be on duty and the entire area surrounding the dargah will be sanitized. The premises will be emptied and shops outside the dargah will be shut before Zardari's visit. \"We are also keeping a vigil on guest houses and hotels ,\" said an officer.\"We had the former Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf in the city. There are guidelines from Centre on VIP visits and we are working on these,\" said a senior police officer. District officials held a meeting on Sunday too. General Zia-ul-Haq was the other Pak president to visit the 12th century Sufi shrine.\"We have not received any instruction on the visit of Pakistan president but we are prepared,\" said Vishnu Samtani, DSP of Dargah region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499867", "title": "UK Malayalis ready to clean up Kerala\u2019s mess", "text": "KOCHI: The UK Kerala Business Forum, based in London , has offered to set up plants in the state to convert waste into bioethanol, which can be used for various commercial needs including power generation.The Non-Resident Keralites (NRKs) are ready to shell out around Rs 1200 crore, which is between 80 to 90% of the project cost. \"The UK Kerala Forum has submitted a proposal to the government. We have handed it over to the department concerned,'' chief minister Oommen Chandy confirmed to TOI.According to the Forum, the project will convert around 360,000 tonnes of solid waste, collected from various parts of the state, into 97,200,000 litres of bioethanol a year so as to garner an annual revenue of around Rs 388 crore.Besides allotting land for the Build, Own, Operate and Transfer (BOOT) project, the state government should pump in the remaining 10 to 20% of the total cost. The project is also expecting an additional income of around Rs 90 crore from the sale of byproducts such as carbon dioxide for industrial purposes and other recycled material.Once the state government gives its nod for the project, project can be implemented within 24 months.\"We are planning to pump in around Rs 1,129 crore for the project. It can be a single centralised plant in Kochi or Thiruvananthapuram which can cater to the needs of the entire state. It can be decentralised plants in every district as well. It is up to the state government to take a decision on such matters,'' said Sujit S Nair, chief coordinator of the Forum. At a cost of Rs 1,055 crore, a pair of Vantage Waste Processors (VWPs) will be set up. Unsorted, unsegregated waste will be put into VWPs and treated at an elevated temperature using saturated steam in a continuous, rotating drum incorporating a helix screw, contained within an insulated chamber. Then plastic and metal wastes will be segregated from the biomass. In the final stage sugar will be distilled to produce ethanol fuel. Ethanol can be used for generating electricity.\"The plant will be designed to incorporate ten high speed electricity gas turbines which will be powered by the bio ethanol produced from the processed biomass utilizing state-of-the-art technology,'' Nair explained.The project is expected to become profitable within six and a half years after repaying the capital investment and interest on it. On completion of the BOOT period of 25 years, the plants will be handed over to the state government. UK Trade and Investment, the official trade promotion agency of the British government, is also supporting this endeavor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12498797", "title": "Liquor vends on green belts: Next court hearing on April 26", "text": "GURGAON: After hearing a petition challenging the coming up of liquor vends on green belts in Gurgaon, a city court posted the matter for next month. The next hearing will take place on April 26, thus paving way for the allotment of the liquor vends on April 1 by the excise department.MCG councillor Nisha Singh had moved court challenging the excise department's decision to allow setting up of liquor vends on green belts in the city. During the hearing, the excise department submitted that the excise policy of the Haryana government allows liquor vends on green belts.In response, the MCG councillor said, \"I argued the matter myself in the court and I submitted that the excise policy is not the law of land. It can be corrected, keeping the interest of citizens in mind,\" said Singh.In Gurgaon, there are close to 100 liquor vends that are located on the green belts. \"The rules are clear. Green belts along the road can be used for setting up petrol pumps or other utility services like power cable, etc. But all one can see are liquor vends spring up on green belts,\" said SinghDuring the argument, the court sought justification for the stay, to which Singh claimed it concerns citizens who don't want to have liquor vends on green belts and close to residential areas. After a four hour long argument, the court scheduled the next hearing on April 26.Gurgaon now has 308 liquor vends, mostly in the city. This includes vends for both Indian Made Foreign Liquor ( IMFL) and Country Liquor. The excise department earned over Rs329 crores from the auctioning licenses.Industry insiders were eagerly waiting for Friday's hearing since any stay on liquor vends on green belts could have changed the entire business dynamics. \"The ban would have meant urgent search for new places to set up vends. That would adversely impact the overall business because rents in commercial places are sky-high,\" said a liquor vend owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498595", "title": "DRDO gears up for modern warfare", "text": "NEW DELHI: From the first test of Agni-V in a fortnight, an operational submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) by 2013 and a missile shield for Delhi by 2014 to combat drones, quick-launch micro satellites and Star Wars-like laser weapons in the coming years, DRDO promises to deliver on all fronts.Defence Research and Development Organization, with its 51 labs, of course, often makes tall claims only to consistently overshoot timelines and cost estimates. But DRDO chief Dr V K Saraswat on Saturday, at the ongoing \" DefExpo-2012\" here, was all gung-ho about the tactical and strategic weapon systems in the pipeline.For starters, India's most-ambitious nuclear missile, Agni-V, which classifies as an ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) with a strike range of over 5,000-km, will be tested in mid-April, he said. India will break into the exclusive ICBM club that counts just US, Russia , China, France and UK as its members, once Agni-V is ready for induction by 2014-2015. The missile is crucial for India's nuclear deterrence posture since its strike envelope will be able to cover the whole of China.Concurrently, said Saraswat, \"The K-15 SLBM is now getting ready for the final phase of induction after its two recent tests were successful.\" The 750-km-range K-15 will arm India's homegrown nuclear submarines.As for the two-tier ballistic missile defence system, designed to track and destroy incoming hostile missiles , Saraswat said its Phase-I would be completed by 2013 and Phase-II by 2016. DRDO is now also focusing on \"space security'', with special emphasis on protecting the country's space assets from electronic, or physical destruction by \"direct-ascent\" missiles, in the backdrop of China developing advanced ASAT (anti-satellite) capabilities.Work is also in progress to develop several directed energy weapons , including a 25-kilowatt laser system to destroy incoming missiles in their terminal stage and a 100-kilowatt solid-state laser system to take out missiles in their boost phase itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12498984", "title": "Teen on a mission to end feticide", "text": "PANCHKULA: At an age when children are glued to computer and TV, this 14-year-old has become a role model for the entire country leading the mission against female feticide. Crusading against the social evil since she was 10, Ishita Uppal, the brand ambassador of Haryana for the cause, has been selected for the Pramerica Spirit of Community Awards 2012 at Washington DC . Uppal is a student of Little Flower Convent School in Sector 14, Panchkula.\"The voice of my conscience inspired me to campaign against the evil of female feticide. When I was 10 years old I read about girls being killed because of female feticide and the issue was heart-rending. I posed several questions to my mother to find an answer to this social malady and after learning decided to do something about the issue,\" said Ishita. She added, \"From then onwards I have been delivering lectures and creating awareness through art and culture and have never looked back.\"Travelled over 7,000km across four states delivering lectures and organizing plantation drives, Uppal has also been declared the ambassador for Haryana to lead the mission against female foeticide.\"I have been strongly campaigning against this burning issue and hope to make a positive change,\" added Uppal.For mother Meena Kumari , she feels great to be blessed with a daughter like Ishita. \"When she was born I did not realize I had been blessed with a gem. She was very young when she started reading and inquiring about the issue and today she has made us proud by leading the campaign in Haryana,\" said Kumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498532", "title": "Cop, wife die as SUV hits car and topples", "text": "BANGALORE: A City Armed Reserve head constable, his wife and a third person were killed after their SUV toppled as it tried to overtake a car and brushed against it near Nelamangala on Sunday evening.One person in the car and five others in the SUV were injured.The deceased are Hanumantarayappa, 55, his wife Gayathri, 50, and Rajappa, 45. They had gone to Dobbespet to attend a function and were returning to Bangalore.Their speeding SUV brushed against the Alto car and toppled near Dodderi village of National Highway-4 at 6.15pm. Police said car driver Prateep Kumar escaped with minor injuries.Hanumantarayappa is a resident of CAR headquarters in Madiwala. Three of the six injured are in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12497932", "title": "City gets a flight connect to Kochi", "text": "NAGPUR: The upheaval in the airline industry has brought missed tidings for Nagpur, with a new flight to Kochi and better connectivity to Hyderabad and Mumbai, even as the capacity on Delhi route has been cut.The executive class passengers on government-run Air India were disappointed with the switch to a smaller 68-seat Bombardier aircraft on the Nagpur-Delhi sector. But private airlines JetLite has switched to a bigger Boeing 737-900, with 168 seats, on the Nagpur-Mumbai-Nagpur sector instead of the earlier 114-seat aircraft.Jet Lite operates three flights to Mumbai (8.50am, 5.20pm and 8pm) from Nagpur, besides other airlines like Air India, Indigo, GoAir and Spice Jet. Jet Lite's new aircraft on Mumbai sector will accommodate more passengers during the summer schedule.Further, Jet Lite has restarted its flights on Hyderabad-Nagpur-Hyderabad sector recently, and also connected Nagpur to Kochi with an extended flight. A senior Jet official informed that this is the first time Nagpur has been connected to a southern city like Kochi, formerly Cochin. Though the flight is being operated as a Nagpur-Hyderabad-Kochi flight, it will be very convenient for tourists and passengers going to Kerala.The new flight will take off from Nagpur at 2.45pm, reach Hyderabad at 4.20pm. It will then take off for Kochi at 4.45pm and reach Kochi at 7.20pm. A senior Jet official at the airport informed that the flight has been started on an experimental basis. If it gets a good response, especially in winter vacations, when many tourists from the city visit Kerala, it will be converted into a direct flight to Kochi.Sachin Deshpande of Sangam Tours too echoed similar views. He said at present there is no direct connectivity between Nagpur and Kochi. \"The operators also book ticket 3-months early, which is also through the busiest destination, Mumbai. If the flight gives direct connectivity between Nagpur and Kochi, it will become the most preferred option for tourists,\" he said.Meanwhile, after cancelling flights from Nagpur to Hyderabad and Indore, the cash-strapped Kingfisher airlines has shut down its operations and office in the city completely, sources said.Kingfisher Airlines had already stopped taking bookings for the last few months and scrapped its daily Hyderabad and Indore flights operated with short-haul ATR turboprop aircraft.However, Kingfisher's woes have turned out to be a bonanza for other private airlines, Spice Jet and Jet Lite, which operate on these sectors. Spice Jet operates a daily Hyderabad-Nagpur flight at 6.25am and Nagpur-Hyderabad flight at 8am. Airport sources said these flights have been operating with a full load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498475", "title": "Bringing spring back in the autumn", "text": "You could call it the autumnal home, providing as it does shelter and care to those in the twilight of their lives by cushioning the impact of the ill-effects of old age disorders like Alzheimer's and dementia. The efforts of the Nightingale Centre for Ageing and Alzheimer's, RT Nagar, in treating seniors diagnosed with dementia has now drawn applause from the Foundation Mederic Alzheimer and Alzheimer's Disease International London .The centre is the brainchild of the NGO, the Nightingales Medical Trust, which has floated multiple projects targeted at the old. Every day over 800 senior citizens benefit from the trust's different projects which address the various needs of the aged - be it financial independence or healthcare. Home Health Care is for those who have difficulty in visiting hospitals. Enrichment and Day Care Centres mitigate their loneliness and depression. Elders Helpline addresses any abuse. Jobs 60+ provides training and promotes employment opportunities among non-pensioners.A comprehensive dementia care centre, Mobile Medicare targeted at those living in rural areas and lifesaving services that creates a community of lifesavers trained in cardio pulmonary resuscitation are among the other major endeavours of the trust. Said Dr Radha S Murthy, managing trustee: \"As most elders prefer living with their kids at home, family-based support systems alone could address the challenges faced by them effectively. But India very much lacks in such facilities. It is high time the policy-makers promoted such support systems.\"Demand for the trust's services are growing. \"Some of our projects are being replicated in other parts of the country. Various state governments and the Centre have recognized our efforts. Our vision of 'Happy and Healthy Elders living in their Homes with Dignity' has been realized to a great extent,\" said S Prem Kumar Raja, trustee and honorary secretary of the trust.In India, the ranks of the aged are swelling with better healthcare facilities. The population of senior citizens is estimated to be 100 million. Though old age homes are considered to be the only solution to their problems, the fact is they could be the last resort for the destitute and the issueless. The trust is trying to provide the comfort and warmth of home to senior citizens.\"Psychological/non-pharmacological approach is a significant feature of the centre. Instead of medication which has potent side effects, we rely more on alternative therapies,\" said Dr Soumya Hegde, consultant, geriatric psychiatrist.\"We have pet therapy, snoozing therapy and intense activity schedule. We take patients around the garden in a wheelchair and make them hear chirp of birds, talk to them about flowers and fruits. This improves their communication skills and helps them open up their mind,\" she said. The centre stands on a piece of land allotted by the Karnataka government. Nightingales has been authorized to issue ID cards for senior citizens. Nightingales is partnering with the Bangalore city police in running Elders Helpline and with BBMP for Sandhya Kirana, a day care centre for economically disadvantaged elders.The National Institute of Social Defence, an institution of the Union ministry of social justice &amp; empowerment, is collaborating with Nightingales in organizing various training programmes for age care.Beneficiaries a happy lotMy mother (91) suddenly began showing symptoms of dementia in January 2010. She used to become violent and abusive. No medication helped. In fact, she suffered several side-effects. We were then referred to the Nightingale's trust by a relative. She was admitted there in November 2010 and has improved tremendously. All her aggression disappeared and her health has improved. When my family members and I go to meet her she gives us a hug. The trust charges fee for treatment, but it is nominal compared to the care they give to patients.V M Venkatrajan (71) | jayanagar iv blockI retired about 15 years ago. As I was employed in a private firm, I did not get any pension. With increased inflation, it was becoming difficult for my family to survive. I heard aboutthe Job 60+ project of Nightingale's and decided to join it. I was trained in computer programming. Now, I work with a firm in National Games Village for five days a month and earn about Rs 2,000. My age does not permit me to work full time, but this education has come in handy for me.Chandrashekhar Gupta (72) | vijaynagar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498795", "title": "Theme-based studies at Kolkata school", "text": "KOLKATA: Today when kids are turning more sensitive towards their surrounding and are overstressed, learning is being made both innovative and enjoyable at BDM International through theme-based interactive classrooms, computer-aided learning and smart classrooms.Veteran educationist Usha Mehta, founder and director of BDM International says, \"There is a mutual relationship between the student and teacher at BDM International. The purpose of teaching is clear and our main motive is to make the child learn and develop a sense of understanding. We try to provide them education which is child-centric, effective and reaches them in the simplest way. Taking a test does not mean you fail the child or pass them. We ensure that the child is free from all kind of fear and stress.\"BDM International has also introduced 'Mass Media Studies' during this academic year to enhance writing and communication skills of students and boost them to opt for this as a career option. \"Apart from studying traditional subjects like science and being doctors, engineers getting into streams like mass media, entrepreneurship and other related field should also be taken into considerations and parents should encourage their child,\" said Mehta.Within a career span of almost 50 years the veteran educationist has got accolades which include Seva Samman, Rastra Nirmata Puraskar,Vidya Varidhi, Bharat Nirman Award and Rajiv Gandhi Shrimoni Award and CBSE award at the national level for her teaching methodology.She has participated in a number of workshops related to strategic leaderships in schools and conferences both at the national and international level.Regular training sessions for teachers, counselling for parents and different group activities for children are organized to meet the budding demands of the curriculum. \"The school aims to come up with more short term vocational courses like style, fitness, fashion designing among others so that the students develop skills for employment after they step out of the school,\" said Mehta. \"We plan to expand with a new six-storeyed building with air-conditioned classrooms for classes IX to XII at Pratapgarh and two new branches in the city,\" she added.Mehta feels immense pleasure in sharing the problem, joys, sorrows and confusion of the young children. \"No bags, no aching shoulder for primary children, let the kids enjoy and cherish their childhood as it will not come again,\" she said relishing her connection with the kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12498734", "title": "Coal crisis hits power generation in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two UP power plant units - Anpara C and Rosa - were shut down due to shortage of coal. Power shortfall on Sunday jumped to 2,000 MW in the state.The Anpara C has three units each generating 600 MW. The Rosa, too, has three units each with 300 MW capacity. Power crisis could aggravate in the summer months when demand increases. The coal shortage may make it tough for the Akhilesh Yadav government to keep its poll promise of improved power supply to rural areas.The state government's ambitious project to set up power plants with a combined installed capacity of 15,000 MW could also be hit. Data available with the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC) shows the Rosa thermal power station at Shahjahanpur stopped working on March 16. The Anpara C unit is grappling with coal shortage since February.UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) officials confirmed the units were facing fuel shortage. UPPCL chairman Avnish Awasthi said the shortage will be taken up with the Union coal ministry.Last week, Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal told the Rajya Sabha that 34 power plants were under stress due to coal shortage. But, the ministry maintained there were no reports that power generation at any thermal power stations in the country has halted for want of coal. UPPCL sources said the coal crisis is a fallout of difference in opinion between the Union power ministry and Coal India Limited (CIL). While the ministry has been insisting on domestic coal supply must be 80% of the requirement, the CIL has restricted it to 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12499201", "title": "Narmada Bachao Andolan threatens Jal Satyagraha over Maheshwar dam filling", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) has threatened to go on a 'Jal satyagraha' protesting against the alleged move to fill Maheshwar dam up to 154 metres claiming that it could lead to inundation of permanent habitat and agricultural land.However, Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Limited, which is setting up a power plant, described the NBA claim as misleading saying that there would be no submergence at the reservoir filling at level of 154 metres and electricity board, collector and other senior officials have certified that there is no possibility of inundation of permanent habit or agricultural land.According to NBA, no synchronization and electricity generation is possible at EL 154 metres of the Maheshwar dam. The NBA members also questioned the certification given by the MPSEB, collector and state energy secretary for the same.\"The impact of submergence at EL 154 meters has not been surveyed,\" said Alok Agarwal of NBA at a press conference in the city. \"Until now, less than 15% of the villagers of 61 villages affected by the Maheshwar dam have been rehabilitated and resettled,\" he added.The state government and the S Kumar's company Shree Maheshwar Hydel Power Corporation Limited (SMHPCL) have sought permission from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) to fill the Maheshwar dam up to 154 metres.A team of the Union MoEF visited the submergence area on March 22 and 23 in this regard and its report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12498449", "title": "I'll expand cabinet soon: D V Sadananda Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Unmindful of his predecessor's efforts to snatch his chair, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Sunday said that he would soon expand his cabinet.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a programme here, the CM said: \"I am finding it difficult to handle 20 portfolios. Hence, I am planning to expand the cabinet soon,'' he said.The chief minister said he would lead an all-party delegation to New Delhi next week to seek the Centre's help for drought relief and remunerative prices for farmers' produce.Also, the government would request the Centre to intervene in the Cauvery water issue, which has been raked up by the Tamil Nadu government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12498877", "title": "3,000 automatic sprinklers for multilevel parking", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to provide safety and security to commuters and their vehicles, the Chandigarh municipal corporation has planned to install 3,000 sensor-based automatic sprinklers in the multilevel parking lot in Sector 17, besides other fire-fighting equipment to deal with any fire emergency. This is one of the precautionary measures that will be incorporated in the Rs 46.62 crore project, which was passed in the general house meeting of the MC on Friday.According to the approved plan, 1,000 sensor-based sprinklers will be installed in each underground floor of the project, which will become functional automatically the moment there is smoke on the premises.As the multi-level parking would go to a depth of around 36 feet from the surface, so fire-fighting equipment is one of the most crucial precautionary measures needed in the project.Besides there will be force ventilation facility, so that vehicles could easily exit from the underground multi-level parking. The authority has also planned to install CCTV cameras on each underground floor of the multilevel parking lot to keep a tab on vehicles.Vishal Gupta, executive engineer of the municipal corporation, said, \"As safety of people and vehicles is quite crucial in the project, therefore we are incorporating latest techniques in it.\"The multilevel parking lot will be able to accommodate 950 to 1,000 vehicles at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12497831", "title": "Land scam: Vuda orders fresh survey", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: With the opposition parties mounting pressure demanding a CBI probe into the Rs 534-crore land scam, Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) has decided to streamline the records and details of land tracts spread over four districts falling under the jurisdiction of the Visakhapatnam Metropolitan Region (VMR).Vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar formed two special teams to survey the land belonging to Vuda and prepare a data to establish a Vuda land bank for administrative purposes. Vuda estate officer M Venkateswara Rao heads the teams. The survey would cover Vuda's own land, land handed over by the revenue department for sale through open auctions, layouts developed by Vuda and land allocated for various projects under private-public partnership and build-operate-transfer mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12498334", "title": "Kokate, Bhujbal cross swords over water", "text": "NASHIK: The water scarcity meeting held at the collectorate ended peacefully except for the confrontation between district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal of the NCP and Sinnar Congress MLA Manikrao Kokate. Kokate said that it was unfortunate that despite the fact that the Congress was in power in the state, developmental work in water scarcity-prone Sinnar had to be kept on hold for years together, even as Bhujbal maintained that demands for water and fodder will be met the minute they are raised.Down the years, Sinnar tehsil has been receiving lesser rainfall each year as compared to the year gone by. Sinnar was the tehsil which witnessed water supply through tankers since the month of November. When the situation was grim, the collectorate didn't even call a meeting to discuss the water situation in the tehsil, forget the district, Kokate said.\"There are some schemes that had been started in Sinnar tehsil at the time of the Shiv-Sena-BJP combine in the state. Even today, these projects have not been completed. Every year we see some or the other measure being announced, but not completed. Every year, more tankers are announced for the tehsil. They are also not very adequate keeping in mind the situation there. But no proper drinking water supply scheme is announced for us,\" Kokate alleged.While Kokate said his demand for fodder for cattle in Sinnar was not met as the requests to the tehsildar fell on deaf ears, the administration maintained that there was no written request regarding the same. Countering his allegation and demands, Bhujbal said, \"It is a common process to submit written demands to the collector. If you wish I will write letters on your behalf.\"It may be recalled that the Congress threw its weight behind Manikrao Kokate during the recently concluded ZP elections to contain the rising influence of Bhujbals in Nashik district. The elections to the panchayat samiti, Sinnar, saw the Kokate-led Congress bag the presidential post despite the NCP having an edge, as an NCP-rebel was awarded the post of vice president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "chander nagar", "code": "12498787", "title": "Prabhjot sells recipe for a healthy lifestyle", "text": "CHANDER NAGAR: Having no knowledge of the food industry, 36-year-old homemaker Prabhjot Kaur dreamt of making it big in the food industry. Today she supplies gluten-free food across the state and even in big cities outside Punjab.Says Prabhjot Kaur, a graduate and homemaker, ''I started making gluten free food after my daughter Anmolpreet was diagnosed allergic to wheat by gastroenterologist Dr Ajeet Sood of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) in 2002. While I used to make such food for my daughter at home, Dr Ajeet Sood, Dr H S Bains, Ritu Sudhakar (chief dietitian at DMCH) suggested that I should go commercial with it and make gluten-free food on large scale.''And as they say the rest was history. ''In 2003, I started the business with a meagre investment of Rs 10,000 with an array of around a dozen gluten-free products. Now, I have expanded my business and have about 25 employees working for me at my unit. We make more than 50 products for sale and I earn about Rs 5 lakh per month.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12501896", "title": "\u201922 Female Kottayam\u2019 to hit silver screens on 13th April", "text": "After the superhit 'Salt and Pepper', Ashiq Abu now turns towards a socially significant theme for his upcoming film '22 Female Kottayam'.Riding high on the glitzy track of superhit films by young filmmakers last year, Ashiq Abu, this year have opted for a novel subject for his latest flick. The story is all about revenge which will glue the viewers to their seats. '22 Female Kottayam' tells the story of two friends Tessa Abraham and Cyril C Mathew, their love and relationship.Farhad Fazil and Rima Kallingal who had shared the screen in a short film Mrityunjayam' will play the lead roles in '22 Female Kottayam'. Farhad will portray the role of Cyril and Rima will be Tessa.The film is scripted by Syam Pushkaran and Abhlash S. Kumar. The music is composed by Rex Vijayan and the camera will be handled by Shyju Khalid.'22FK' also has a star cast of Prathap Pothan, Sathar and TG Ravi.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12499758", "title": "Entrance season begins with AIPMT 2012", "text": "KOCHI: It was a fairly easy paper for most students who appeared for the All India pre-medical/pre-dental entrance examination 2012 on Sunday, which was organized by the Central Board of Secondary Education in different districts including Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam.About 35,000 students had registered for the examination at 52 different centres in the state. Kochi had a maximum number of 36 centres with about 23, 584 students registering in the district. Thiruvananthapuram had 16 centres.This entrance examination is being conducted exclusively for the 15% merit positions for the medical/dental colleges of India. Of the 200 seats, the quota for Kerala is 10%, which means 20 seats in each medical college at Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode are reserved for the students with ranks in the all India Medical Entrance Examination.Those who qualify the preliminary examination will be eligible for the final examination to be held on May 13. The final examination would consist of one paper containing 120 objective type questions from physics, chemistry and biology. The duration of paper would be for three hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498297", "title": "RTE in place, but no water or toilets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Little seems to have changed in the city since the Right to Education was implemented exactly two years ago. A large number of schools still lack basic facilities promised under the new constitutional right. A study by Delhi RTE Forum-an umbrella body of 20 non-profit organizations-says denial of admission and absence of basic facilities in schools pose a hurdle in proper implementation of the RTE. The forum had surveyed 207 schools in south Delhi's Madanpur Khadar and different areas of east Delhi, including Trilokpuri and Kalyanpuri, in November last year. It found that only 5% of the schools had provision for clean drinking water and as many as 30% of the schools did not have proper toilets and playgrounds.\"Most of those schools lacked basic facilities promised under RTE. We spoke to nearly 1,200 students from 32 schools as part of a focused group discussion. Many of them said they did not go to school as it didn't help them in any way,\" said Saurabh Sharma, a member of the forum. The survey also found that 22% of the schools did not have proper fencing or boundary walls, and 30% of them did not have separate toilets for boys and girls. Sharma said most schools did not have a School Management Committee (SMC) as the government notified the rules only in November 2011.All of the schools surveyed are run either by MCD or Delhi government. The forum also surveyed 5,006 households selected randomly in various parts of east Delhi in June last year while the admissions for 2011-12 session in the Delhi government schools were still on. The forum found that 3.3% of the children surveyed did not go to school. Nearly 7% of the children out of school had special needs. \"Though RTE ensures equal opportunities for children with special needs, the school authorities are completely unaware of their needs. As a result, many drop out or not get enrolled at all,\" the survey report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12497637", "title": "3 Army officers quizzed in double death case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police are now looking beyond the possibility that defence ministry official Yashkar Sinha committed suicide after strangling his wife, Archana Sharma, even as they questioned three senior Army officers on Sunday in the mysterious double death case.Confirming that Sinha was under pressure at work, his cousin, Dr Diwakar, told TOI that the deputy director had been of late handling the Right to Information (RTI) wing of the defence ministry, which had apparently exposed him to threats. Yashkar had apparently told his cousin he was under stress when the two met in Patna a month ago.There is a perception that the defence ministry is among the few government wings that have struggled to implement RTI mainly because of a culture in which even routine administrative matters are treated as \"national security concerns\".Expanding their probe, police said they were not ruling out the role of an outsider in the deaths. Sinha and Sharma were found dead in their Hudco Place residence on Friday afternoon.Police were forced to investigate the 'foul play' angle after recovering a note from the house in which Sinha allegedly blamed two senior Army officers for putting too much pressure on him at work leading him to take his own life, as first reported by TOI on Sunday.Delhi Police on Sunday evening questioned three Army officers, including an Additional DG (name withheld) whose name was mentioned in the note along with another officer. Sources said the officer concerned was Yashkar's senior.\"We are investigating all angles in the case,\" said Joint Commissioner of Police (southern range) Vivek Gogia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12498177", "title": "New provisions for packaged food labelling soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Labelling of packaged food will be made more stringent as the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has decided to introduce more stringent laws in the country. The draft provisions of the new labelling are almost ready and will be circulated soon, said FSSAI officials.Once the new labelling provisions are introduced, packed food manufacturers will not be able to get away with any claim they make on the products as they have to be substantiated by a research report. The research findings will either have to be published in a respected international journal or should be verifiable by the FSSAI.\"Every claim that is made will have to be backed by research acceptable to FSSAI,\" officials said. \"A meeting was held to discuss the issue three weeks ago. It was decided that international practices be adopted with regard to labelling of packed food items,\" Dr B Sesikeran, chairman of the labelling and claims/advertisement panel of FSSAI told STOI. Sesikeran is also the director of National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) in Hyderabad.The FSSAI will set up a reviewing committee, which will verify the claims that are made by the food manufacturer. Only after the FSSAI is satisfied with the claim of the food manufacturer will an approval be given for printing the claim on the packaging of the food item.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12498786", "title": "Cardboard factory gutted in Behala", "text": "KOLKATA: A cardboard manufacturing unit, spread over a 15,000 square feet area, at Behala was gutted in a fire on Sunday. Some time in the afternoon, fire broke out in the factory located at Chanditala Road off Behala on the south-western fringes of the city. Thirteen fire tenders reached the spot and managed to douse the flames after a two-hour long struggle.The fire spread panic among locals who started pouring water to tame the flames. A colony, housing nearly 150 families, is located close to the factory's boundary wall.The entire factory was stacked with huge quantities of paper and inflammable articles and the entire building was covered in flames when the fire tenders arrived. The fire was so massive that it razed the area in just half an hour. The factory shed collapsed and the place was reduced to ruins in no time. Biswajit Goswami, a local youth, sustained an eye injury when he tried to douse the flames.State fire minister Javed Khan and city mayor Sovon Chatterjee rushed to the spot. Khan ordered a probe as the workshop allegedly had no fire extinguishing equipments. J L Saha, the owner of the factory, did not take any calls. The fire brigade is likely to lodge a complaint against the factory owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12499055", "title": "Rail roko : Railways gear up, while agitators muster farmers' support", "text": "AMBALA: Trouble is in store for rail passengers on Ambala-Ludhiana-New Delhi route with BJP's Bharatiya Kisan Morcha threatening to block tracks at Ambala Cantt, Panipat, Fatehabad, Faridabad and Bhiwani in Haryana and Ludhiana and Bathinda in Punjab, on Tuesday in support of their demands.Besides five sets of Shatabdi express trains, passengers on board Sachkhand Express, Jhelum Express, Dadar-Amritsar Express, a large number of other important trains are likely to be on the receiving end on account of the rail roko call by the Morcha leaders.The Morcha has given the call to press their demands for an adequate support price for farmers and subsidies in agriculture supplements, apart from implementation of sub-committee recommendations on the Swaminathan report.Among those places where Morcha has announced to block trains, three stations fall under the jurisdiction of divisional railway manager (DRM) Ambala, while the remaining four are with Delhi and Ferozpur DRM.Morcha office-bearers have been conducting meetings of farmers in Kurali, Bakhtua, Badholi, Bhereri Kala and Nek Nava villages of Ambala district on Saturday and Sunday. Nayab Singh Saini, state general secretary of the Morcha addressed the farmers.Mahender Singh, divisional commissioner, Railway Protection Force (RPF) said, \"In view of the impending agitation, we have alerted staff to ensure safety of passengers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497485", "title": "Caught 'trespass'ing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The yellow and black taped threshold of Hutheesing Visual Arts Centre piques your curiosity from the start. And even though the tapes mean you're invading restricted spaces, you can't help but go inside. A job half done.Devansh Jhaveri's first solo exhibition on travel and street photography invites Amdavadis to experience life's darker side.'Trespass' showcases harsh images of death and solitude, an area dealt with by few photographers in the city. The black and white photographs feature private moments of strangers oblivious to Devansh's presence.\"I wanted to focus on the unpredictability of India and by doing so, bring out images part of human life. The fickleness of life and death, their coexistence and people's refusal to accept both has brought out a different side of me,\" says Devansh, whose collection of photographs spanning over two and half years is on display till April 4.While most photographs feature Varanasi, there are few of Rajasthan and France. His favourite is the 'death series' - a collection of sharp images of the Varanasi ghats, the funeral pyre, the rituals, the lack of emotions of people working at the ghats. Also on display are out-of-focus images of dark, crowded lanes, which, Devansh describes as his \"nightmares coming alive\".\"These photographs are not just me trespassing into people's isolated moments, but also of various elements in the pictures trespassing into each other's space,\" Devansh, 25, explains. While his current collection represents his mature side, Devansh is also working on a humour-based series of Ramleela. A photographer by hobby, Devansh works at his family's electronic business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12499453", "title": "Husband kills wife, commits suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A man killed his wife and then hanged himself on Sunday morning after the wife's family was allegedly taking the girl for frequent exorcist rituals, believing her to be possessed.Sendilkumar (27) a carpenter from Mela Anupanadi had got married to Kanika (21) in February this year. However, post the marriage Kanika started falling sick frequently. Her parents, believing that she could be possessed by an evil spirit, started taking her to many temples to perform exorcist rituals. This irked Sendil who started opposing his in-laws over taking his wife to the temples. Police sources said that the girl was taken to her parent's house 20 days ago and Sendil picked up a quarrel with them before bringing her back home.On the wee hours of Sunday morning, the couple apparently picked up a quarrel and Sendil strangulated Kanika to death with a rope. Frustrated over her death, he then hanged himself using her sari. Sendil also left behind a suicide note where he mentioned that the girl's parents were not allowing them to lead a happy family life. Teppakulam police have registered a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498356", "title": "Parking voices", "text": "The Nagpur Municipal Corporation can come up with a solution for vehicles being parked outside compound walls. It may not happen overnight but a tax could be levied on such vehicles. NMC can allot open spaces like grounds along with security cover for parking and charge annual or monthly fees. They should think about alternatives rather than penalize people.Mayur Deshmukh | Zingabai TakliWe taxpayers are waiting for the state government to address more pertinent issues. Like streamlining the city transport services that create more traffic congestion because of its haphazard parking on North Ambazari road and other busy stretches. State government jointly with NMC can develop more parking areas for vehicles and make rules stringent for new flat schemes and individual constructions coming up in city. Parijat Pande | Reshimbagh resident If NMC and NIT allot their playgrounds and vacant plots for group parking, the problem of many areas will be solved. There is enough space below flyovers in places like Sitabuldi, Sakkardara and others areas where it can explore two wheeler and four-wheeler parking.Chandan Bopche | Ayodhya NagarThe state government must first offer solution and then think of initiating action. It was not fault of people who have purchased cars and are parking it on road. It is duty of RTO while giving registration to check whether the owners have space for parking or not. Henceforth, NMC, RTO and Traffic department should jointly work together to solve the problem.Sanjay Mehta | NandanvanI think home minister R R Patil must have talked about hazardous vehicles carrying inflammable material like gas cylinders, diesel tankers, parked on the roads and sometimes close to the homes in colonies that are a threat to the residents. Police should initiate action against such drivers and owners and not on car drivers who follow all rules.Avinash Thengre | Hudkeshwar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "12498632", "title": "Tech check on track: Now, railway TTEs to get palmtops", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: For cash- strapped government behemoth Indian Railways, this is big news. The ticket-checkers on board all the Rajdhani Express trains would soon be seen carrying hand-held computers, instead of the archaic reservation chart enabling them to allot seats to short distance passengers.The decision comes after the success of the pilot project by the Delhi divisions in three Shatabdi trains for the past three years.\"We will be allotting palmtops soon. The success of the pilot project on the Ajmer-Delhi, Amritsar-Delhi and Dehradun-Delhi Shatabdis has helped us to take this decision,'' said S K Sharma, CPRO, Northern Railway.The palmtop will replace the long reservation list carried by the Travelling Ticket Examiners (TTEs). The palmtops, connected to the central server, will enable the TTE to update the status of passengers who turn up for the journey. It would reflect the status of available seats on a train across the railway network, which could be booked by any passenger willing to board it in at the next station. The system developed by Centre for Railway Information System and to work in tandem with SIMRAN (which tracks real time movement of trains), will help railways earn extra revenues, claim officials.Eastern Railway CPRO Sameer Goswami said, \"Till now, we have no circular from the railway board in this matter. We too will introduce palmtops as part of the national scheme once we get the necessary go ahead,.Sources at Baroda House, the headquarters of Northern Railway, claim the process will stop the TTEs from charging arbitrarily for short distance bookings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12498180", "title": "Holidaying on 4-day weekend? Pay more", "text": "MUMBAI: Shivam Soni, a Mulund resident, was planning to book his ticket for the Tadoba jungle safari but returned empty-handed on Saturday. Ahead of this year's first four-day weekend, starting from April 5, Mumbaikars are making a beeline for travel agents to plan their trips, but advanced bookings at many destinations across Konkan and the rest of the state are close to full.Private bus operators have also hiked ticket prices to nearly two to three times, while trains to tourist destinations are running with huge waiting lists this weekend. Flights, too, are running full with tickets booked two months in advance.According to tourist operators, the number of youths going on a holiday is more this time as the exam season is also ending early this week. Even destinations across the country other than in Maharashtra have very little vacancies at their resorts and so is the status of railway bookings.\"Almost all our resorts are full. We have started preparing wait-lists at tourist spots to accommodate travellers in case of cancellations. For those booking in bulk, we offer 10 to 15% discount,\" said MTDC MD Jagdish Patil. A private operator in Vashi said his buses to Konkan were already full.According to Dilip Shinde, MTDC general manager, even private hotels and homes have been booked in advance. He said beaches like Tarkarli, Ganpatipule, Harihareshwar, Bordi and hill stations like Mahabaleshwar, Panchgani and Matheran are more than 95% booked and so is the status of booking at Tadoba, Bhandardhara and Chikhaldara.Said Akshay Khairnar, who wanted to book a bus to Goa this weekend, \"The tickets are expensive-going up to Rs 1,500 per seat in AC buses.\" He said it was difficult to get a berth on Madgaon-bound trains as the waiting list was long.Flyers had started booking for this long weekend two months ago. Many are also flying out of the country. Short-haul flights to places like Goa, Delhi and Bangalore are likely to be full or expensive. \"People are travelling to Thailand , Singapore and Malaysia . Most booked two months in advance,\" said Rajesh Rateria, MD, Cirrus Travels. The holiday rush has also pushed air fares up by 15-20%. Another tour operator in Fort said last-minute travellers are likely to pay 30% more due to the rush.\"Those planning late will have to pay more for the few seats on board,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12498149", "title": "National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme staff call off stir", "text": "Outsourcing staff of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS), who have been on strike for the past one week, have called off their stir following an assurance by MNREGS minister D Manikya Vara Prasad to take a considerate view of the issues raised by them during the cabinet sub-committee meeting on April 3.The strike since March 24 has affected the livelihood of thousands of poor people working under NREGS scheme. Workers such as field assistants, technical staff, programme officers, struck work demanding enhanced wages and regularisation of their services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12497436", "title": "Rajasthani miners' protest continues", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mine labourers from Rajasthan dare the rising mercury in the city as they continue their protest in front of National Institute of Occupational Health (NIOH) office at Meghani Nagar on Sunday. The labourers have been demanding the reports of their health check ups conducted by NIOH first in 2005 and again in 2011.The labourers who have gathered, since Friday, under the banner of Rajasthan State Mine Labour Union claim that they have sought the reports several times in the past, but to no avail. Without the report, the laborers and their families have not been able to get free medical treatment and claim compensations for deaths due to lung diseases.Dharmendra Gorna, secretary of Rajasthan State Mine Labour Union said, \"We will continue with the protest until we get the results.\"R K Manohar, secretary of Occupational Health and Safety Association, which is supporting the protest, explained that NIOH had conducted a health checkup of the workers in 2005 but never revealed the report. A total of 20 mine workers have already died since then but their families could not claim any compensation because of the absence of reports. \"The report of the check up in 2005 was never revealed. NIOH, however, conducted another survey in 2011. The officials promised to give us the result by February 2011 and later postponed to March 29,\" said Manohar.Director of NIOH, P K Nag refused to comment saying that the mater is sub judice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12498434", "title": "Maharashtra secretly introduced 2 new RTI amendments", "text": "NEW DELHI: Less than a week after a Central Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi told TOI that the Right To Information Act was going into a coma in Maharashtra, it emerges that the state surreptitiously introduced two new amendments to its own rules on RTI two months ago. Few seem to know about the new amendments, which were made on January 16.According to the first amendment, \"A request in writing for information under section 6 of the Act shall relate to one subject matter and it shall not ordinarily exceed one hundred and fifty words. If an applicant wishes to seek information on more than one subject matter, he shall make separate applications.\" The amendment goes on to add that if a request relates to more than one subject matter, the public information officer must respond to the request relating to the first subject only, and ask the information-seeker to file a separate application for each of the other subjects.According to the second amendment, when an applicant is given permission to inspect records, the information-seeker will only be allowed to use a pencil during the inspection. If the applicant \"brings any writing instrument other than a pencil, he shall deposit the same with the Public Information Officer.\" Those involved in the RTI movement have reacted sharply to some of the new amendments. \"In a democracy, I feel that the government needs to consult people before amending the rules to the RTI Act. These amendments seem to have been made with a great deal of secrecy. They were made in January, and yet few seem to know about them,\" says CIC Gandhi.He feels that the amendment does not define what a subject is. \"Out of five queries, how does an information officer decide whether all of them are on the same subject? This, itself, is a rather subjective decision and will result in a great deal of arbitrariness on the part of public information officers,\" he says, adding that this will lead to controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12498429", "title": "Priests fight over first pooja", "text": "MANDYA: Four chief priests of Sri Cheluvanarayanaswamy temple in Melkote incurred the wrath of people here on Sunday after they fought among themselves over the issue of who should offer the first pooja (modala pooje) to Vairamudi (diamond-studded crown) of the deity and carry it to the temple town for Vairamudi utsava.The devotees' anger, however, forced the priests to resolve the dispute amongst themselves and carry the crown to Melkote, 50 km from here, but only after a drama filled three-hour delay.The problem started when the four chief priests of the temple did not turn up at the Mandya treasury here to carry the crown to Melkote for the Vairamudi utsava at the scheduled auspicious time of 6am. It is said that they were engaged in an argument on who should carry the crown to Melkote from the treasury.The devotees, meanwhile, were waiting at the treasury to offer pujas to the crown. They took the deputy commissioner, P C Jaffer, to task for the delay in taking the crown out of the strong room.The four priests arrived to vociferous protests from the people. Perturbed by the public protest, Jaffer warned the four priests to carry the Vairamudi as per Vedic texts, failing which they would forfeit their right to carry the crown.This forced priests Karagam Narayana Iyengar, Shailappa Iyengar and Tirunarayana Iyengar to agree to let the fourth priest, Nagaraja Iyengar, to offer 'first pooja' and carry the crown on a special palanquin to Melkote at 9 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-02"}
