{"city": "mysore", "code": "11816967", "title": "Tibetans protest Chinese occupation", "text": "MYSORE: The Tibetans in India on Wednesday staged a dharna accusing China of forcing Tibetans in their homeland to commit suicide by self-immolation.According to the protesting Tibetans, 14 people have committed self-immolation till February 3, as a mark of protest against Chinese occupation. Tibetans from Gurupur settlement in Hunsur staged the protest and also held a prayer meeting.They asked India and national and international human rights groups to raise their voice against the Chinese rule. The protest was part of a mourning movement launched by the Tibetans in exile. They sought the international community to intervene and apprise the Chinese leaders of the situation in their motherland and stop the advancement of the military into Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817592", "title": "Innovate ideas to check traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Imagine odd registration number vehicles allowed to ply the city roads on odd dates and even registration number ones on even dates, two-way flyovers across all busy crossings of the main roads, free bus service for commuters and residences in Industrial Area for staff working there.Sounds strange? These were some of the innovative ideas to check increasing traffic which were given by special invitees to the master plan committee preparing the master plan for the futuristic development of the city. It was also suggested during one of the meetings to adopt the Berkley (USA) model and provide free public transport by using 20-seater buses at intervals of five minutes.However, the panel had out rightly rejected some of the suggestions. The concept of two-way flyovers was rejected on the grounds that it does not gel with the concept of the city. Houses for staff in Industrial Area was put aside, as \"quality of life cannot be achieved in industrial areas\". It was also said that for residential purpose, adequate light and ventilation was required which could not be achieved in the Industrial Area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11817788", "title": "Monkey enters BSNL office, attacks staff", "text": "KARWAR: The lone monkey which has been creating panic in Kajubaag and Kodibaag areas of Karwar on Monday entered the office of BSNL general manager and attacked staff.According to staff, the monkey roamed around the office freely and they had to run away from the office for cover. \"It had recently attacked a woman officer while she was alighting from her two-wheeler. She suffered injuries,\" said one employee. The monkey had attacked several people in the past one year and villagers alleged that even after several complaints there was no action from the department of forests to catch the monkey.\"The office of the range forest Oofficer is situated next to our office. For the past four months, people in the BSNL quarters are living in constant fear of attacks from the animal. We keep our doors closed all the time. Despite our repeated requests and written complaints, the forest department has not acted,\" a women staff member said. When we contacted the forest department officials, they said that they did not have trained staff to catch the monkey. \"However, we are trying to get a trained person from other places,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815218", "title": "\u2018Babus not above law\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denizens have described the unusually active support of AP IAS Officers Association for arrested and chargesheeted officers and their slew of demands to the government as a rather unfortunate display of their belief that their position makes them entitled to a separate set of rules.A team of 60 IAS officers had met the chief minister last week with six demands ranging from free legal aid for the arrested bureaucrats and also that they be examined by the CBI in their official chambers as is done in the case of ministers.Denizens point out that the officers have sent out a rather wrong message to people in general that they fear similar action and hence want this protection. They note that these demands have only raised more questions about the integrity of bureaucrats, particularly because they have come out in support of their colleagues even when the investigation is underway.\"It is unfortunate that the IAS officers associations are trying to shield the accused officers. The investigation is not over yet and how can they come out in support of those facing charges so early,\" said Dr V Sujith Kumar, neurosurgeon, Apollo Hospitals.Those familiar with the rulebook further note that there is no reason why the CBI should be expected to examine IAS officers in their official chambers. \"Are there different rules for different people? The CrPC empowers even a sub-inspector to summon anybody, big or small. The officers are setting a wrong precedent by seeking special treatment. Next we would have another set of government officers seeking similar protection. This is only a way of derailing the investigation into the case and gain sympathy,\" said K N Rajeshwar, a retired government servant.He further notes that bureaucrats are recruited and trained to advise ministers on decisions they take, sounding them on legal loopholes. \"If they fail in doing so, they cannot cry foul later,\" he said.\"Politicians might have benefited in this particular case but it is also the responsibility of officers to stay off dubious deals or transactions. Punishment is needed to set an example for others so that in future officers are more careful,\" said A Balan, a member of teaching faculty, Eflu.Some even find the \"IAS brotherhood\" quite ironical given that the officers are meant to protect the interests of the government. \"However high a position one may occupy, they are not above law,\" said lawyer Bhaskar Benny, pointing out the obvious: the officers should rather allow the probe than protest against it.Most citizens said that there is a strong need for some action to be taken and honest IAS officers should, in fact, support it. \"If they are honest, they should facilitate the probe and reveal who exactly is the perpetrator instead of protecting their colleague, which makes it (their support) suspicious,\" said social activist-writer Chandana Chakrabarti.Those who deal with government departments day in and day out said that there is a certain arrogance among bureaucrats who ride high on the proximity they enjoy with politicians, and in the interest of the public in general, such attitudes need to be checked. Anything enabling the check then should be encouraged by those civil servants who still believe in serving the public.\"There should be some deterrent. They are paid by the public and not politicians. They work for the government and not some individual,\" said Rajiv Amaram, general secretary, Andhra Pradesh Indian Oil Dealers Forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815359", "title": "Engineering student killed in an accident at B2 bypass near Tonk Road", "text": "JAIPUR: An engineering student was killed in an accident at B2 bypass near Tonk Road in the city on Wednesday.According to police, one Sarthak Swaroop (18), a student of B.Tech (First year) was going for private tuition on his scooter in the morning. Near Tonk Road, his scooter was hit by a rashly driven truck coming from the opposite direction. He was immediately rushed to Jaipuria Hospital where he succumbed to injuries, police said.After knowing about the incident, residents of nearby colonies gathered at the accident spot and shouted slogans against the government and police for allowing heavy vehicles through this route. They blocked the area for over two hours. Later, a police team rushed to the area to control the crowd.\"We have already said that trucks should not be allowed since the adjoining areas have many residential colonies. But who cares,\" said Chagan Lal, a resident.So far no arrest has been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11816726", "title": "IT dept gets over 3000 complaints on e-refund, e-filing", "text": "INDORE: The Income Tax (I-T) department has received a large number of complaints from the assesses in relation to e-refund and e-filing of income tax returns, which were launched in 2006. So far, the department received as many as 3,009 complaints through citizen's charter and 111 grievances were received through other means.In most of the cases, the grievances are related to mismatch of pre-paid taxes and refunds on e-returns.Talking to ToI, Surendra Mishra, chief commissioner, Income Tax (Indore region), said, \"Persistent problems are being faced by the I-T officials and tax payers as assesses at times do not furnish correct credit of the prepaid taxes. Also, there are issues governing tax deducted at source (TDS) and its implication on e-return.\"I-T officials said mention of wrong PAN (Permanent Account Number) while filing the returns or in case the assessee doesn't file return at all. Some of the other problems are incorrect filing of TDS return by the deductors. Deductors are those that are responsible for doing the job of TDS in the respective offices of the assessees, added Mishra.In fact, the department is evoking good response from the tax payers to its initiative of e-returning and e-refund system. \"We have received 56% of the returns filed by the taxpayers through e-return during the current fiscal so far as compared to the figures achieved by us during the corresponding period the previous fiscal,\" said Mishra.He further said that 90% of the e-refunds had already been issued. As per the existing system, e-refund was to be issued by the system generated bankers' scheme, located in Mumbai, he added.\"We have already resolved 72 out of 111 grievances received through routes other than the citizens charter. Similarly, we have already resolved 1,890 cases so far, out of 3009 grievances that the department received through citizen charter,\" added the official.The department is holding a day-long workshop on issues relating to Central Processing Centre (CPC) in Indore on February 10. On getting processed through CPC in Bangalore, all the e-returns are directed to refund bankers' scheme in New Delhi which is an auto generated system that sends the refund amount directly to the taxpayers' bank account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817681", "title": "Forensic trail leads cops to elusive killer", "text": "CHENNAI: A thumb impression lifted from a crime scene in Nungambakkam and the impression of a little finger at another house in Abhiramapuram 25 days later have helped the city police crack the murder of Aruna Seethalakshmi, a 52-year-old bank officer, at her house in Kamdar Nagar on New Year day.Piecing together the forensic evidence and matching it with the records, police have arrested S Joseph (32), a serial robber from Karaikudi. Police found the fingerprints of Seethalakshmi's killer matched with those lifted from the Abhiramapuram house of an 80-year-old woman who was robbed on January 26. Based on the forensic report of the state crime records bureau, special teams led by joint commissioner of police (east zone) S N Seshasai nabbed Joseph from a hideout in the city. Inquiries found that he was involved in more than 10 cases of crime in the state.Seethalakshmi's murder had shocked the city on New Year day as her elder sister narrated to the police the chilling story of the assailant sneaking in through an opening left behind by an air-conditioner under repair, and strangling the woman in the wee hours of January 1. Twenty-five days later, Anandha, an 80-year-old woman in Abhiramapuram was robbed by a man who came to her house asking for water. When she went inside to fetch water, the man hid inside a room. After nighfall, he robbed the elderly woman at knifepoint.Several other cases of crime kept the city police busy, but teams never lost sight of the forensic trail. \"We had got the print of a thumb from Seethalakshmi's house, but there was no thumb impression left at Anandha's house, from where we got only a print of a little finger. On analysis using fingerprint records of known criminals, we found that the thumb impression and the little finger print matched with those of Joseph,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11817107", "title": "Protest rally against atrocities on minorities", "text": "MANGALORE: The Federation of Human Rights' Organizations, comprising 25 like-minded organizations, will take out a rally from Ambedkar Circle on Friday at 3 pm to protest atrocities on Christian churches and institutions. They will urge the Centre to implement the Communal Violence (Prevention, Control and Rehabilitation) Bill with necessary amendments forthwith.Walter Maben, president of the Federation, told reporters here on Wednesday that the united front will include various Church leaders from Karnataka United Churches Forum for Human Rights (West Zone) - a forum of the roman Catholic/Orthodox and other Evangelical Protestant Christian churches and institutions, Karnataka Missions Network, Komu Souhardha Vedike and Muslim community.Maben alleged that atrocities against minority communities and their places of worship have become a regular occurrence in the past few years. In 2011 alone, there were 66 incidents of attacks on Muslims and 15 against the members of Christian communities which showed the utter lawlessness of the communal elements, he claimed.\"As a result of such persecution, a sense of insecurity prevails among the members of the minority communities. People live in fear not knowing when and where these vicious elements will strike next,'' he said.\"There is no empirical basis to the charge that the population of the minorities is on the rise because of religious conversion. Those who make such baseless accusations are trying to create a wrong impression in the minds of the common people,'' he said.A public meeting, slated to be held in front of the deputy commissioner's office at 4 pm, will be inaugurated by Jason D'Costa, a victim of Surathkal attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816709", "title": "Drunk cab driver ploughs into parked vehicles", "text": "PUNE: An inebriated cab driver damaged seven vehicles after driving into them at Sundarnagar colony in Thergaon around midnight on Tuesday.No one was injured in the incident.Horrified residents of Sundarnagar colony nabbed the driver, Sachin Subhash Barbole (30) of Pawarnagar, Thergaon, and handed him over to the police. Barbole has been arrested and charged under sections 279 (rash driving) 427 (mischief causing damage) of the Indian Penal Code and section 185 (drunk driving) of the Motor Vehicles Act.Investigating officer Y B Walke of the Hinjewadi police station said that six two-wheelers, a rickshaw and a handcart were damaged in the incident.Senior police inspector Ganpatrao Madgulkar of the Hinjewadi police station told TOI that Barbole is a driver for a travel firm and was on his way home when the incident occurred. \"Barbole, who was driving the car in an inebriated condition, entered the wrong lane in Sundarnagar colony. The lane is narrow and he could not control the car,\" Madgulkar said.After ploughing through the vehicles, Barbole's car hit some steps outside a house and stopped. \"Hearing the crash, the residents rushed out, nabbed Barbole and handed him over to the police,\" Madgulkar said. He added that since it was midnight there were few people on the road and so no one had been injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814994", "title": "Excise minister denies having taken bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) on Wednesday released documents which suggest that a company owned by Mopidevi Venkataramana's son was awarded the distribution and marketing rights in the state of a particular brand of beer with the move looking like adding to the excise minister's troubles as he goes about defending himself against allegations of having received a Rs 10 lakh bribe from a liquor syndicate member.According to the documents released by TDP general secretary Varla Ramaiah, the excise minister's 22-year-old son, Mopidevi Rajeev, is a partner in a company registered as Credence Venture Capital in which he has a 50% stake.Credence Venture Capital was sold the exclusive distribution and marketing rights for beer brand Black Eagle in Andhra Pradesh by InBev India International Pvt Ltd, a joint venture between Belgian brewer InBev and the New Delhi-based RK Jaipuria Group, TDP alleged.Party leader's said that this aforementioned beer had no presence in the state and that, while rules state that only those brands should be promoted that have a demand for them, the excise minister had gone out of his way to promote the brand through his son.\"Is it just a coincidence that Mopidevi Venkataramana is the excise minister and his son has the contract to distribute the beer in the state,\" the TDP leader wondered.Earlier in the day, Venkataramana denied accepting any bribes and offered to quit his ministry were the inquiry, to be ordered upon his request by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, to find him guilty.At a news conference, the excise minister faulted Anti-Corruption Bureau authorities for taking into cognizance the statement provided by a 'smuggler, gangster and history-sheeter', and expressed anger at the investigative agency for not hearing his side of the story before making the report public.\"How can ACB name a minister in the remand report without proper verifications,\" Venkataramana said, ruling out stepping down from office.On Wednesday morning, the excise minister rushed to the CM's camp office and was closeted for about 30 minutes with the Kiran Kumar who, according to sources, told him that he would commission an inquiry into the ACB findings.Meanwhile, opposition leader Chandrababu Naidu demanded that Venkataramana be immediately sacked from the cabinet in the wake of the liquor syndicate man's revelations.\"Our party has insisted that there is an urgent need to curb liquor syndicates and belt shops. But the government took no note of it. Now, it appears that the excise minister himself is a part of the syndicate. It is high time he was sacked from the cabinet,\" Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11815852", "title": "Porngate: High demand for Karnataka ministers' MMS", "text": "BANGALORE: It's the most sought after porn clip in the market. But the video that reduced three BJP ministers into legislators is not available with any porn DVD /film dealer in the city.These dealers from areas like Burma Bazaar and National Market in Majestic area said on Tuesday that people were coming in large numbers asking for the \"ministers' MMS masala\" video but they didn't have it in DVD format. Not yet at least.Sex scandals that make the headlines generally end up earning them huge profits, they said. Some dealers said they were accepting orders to provide this video. \"We're trying to get hold of the video as soon as possible. The last time we had such a demand for a blue film was during the alleged scandal involving Swami Nityananda and a Tamil movie actress. It was a blockbuster of sorts in this industry,\" said a dealer in National Market.By late Tuesday evening, someone working in \"public interest\" had uploaded the clip to the internet. Those who want to see it don't have to go too far to see it.There was curiosity among those online to learn about the origin of the clip, and the people involved in the video. Questions abounded on various websites about the identity of the woman in the video and the location. There is also speculation that the video is from Kerala.With the controversy getting hotter, many users are posting more links on the Internet, creating fear among traders that they are losing out on sales with this \"fresh development\", as the videos are available online free of cost. \"At the moment, it is not very accessible. We hope they remain unavailable on the Internet, and we can sell a few in the coming days,\" one of them said.According to the dealers, the video won't fetch them more the Rs 30-50. One of them pointed out that it was too small to be marketed and the controversy around it would be its only selling point. \"There are very few buyers of such CDs, porn or otherwise. Most people download such stuff,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817412", "title": "PU students made aware of traffic rules", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As part of the ongoing \"traffic rules awareness week\" being celebrated in University Institute of Legal Studies, Panjab University, from February 6-10, a special lecture on \"traffic rules awareness\", was organized on Wednesday.The chief guest at the event was DIG, Traffic, Alok Kumar, who informed students that with every passing year \"the number of road accidents in India is escalating\". He added that \"India houses almost 10% of the road accidents in the world, in which each year, precious lives are lost,\" and that \"as educated, responsible citizens, we all must rise to the occasion and abide traffic rules diligently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817330", "title": "Best Bakery case: HC to hear appeals of 9 convicts", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court will commence day-to-day hearing from March 5 on the appeals filed by the nine convicts who were awarded life term in the 2002 Best Bakery case.Fourteen persons, who had taken refuge in the Best Bakery on Hanuman Tekdi in Gujarat's Vadodara city on March 1, 2002, during the post-Godhra riots, were killed by a mob.Of the 17 accused, nine had been sentenced to life imprisonment by a special court in Mumbai.All the convicts had approached the high court challenging the special court's order of 2006.In a twist to the case, prime witness Yasmeen Shaikh had filed an application before the high court claiming that she was forced to give evidence against the accused by social activist Teesta Setalvad.Yasmeen had alleged that Teesta had promised her money if she gives a false deposition before the trial court implicating the arrested accused in the case.Yasmeen had sought the high court to re-record her evidence. The court had, however, said it would first hear and decide on the appeals filed by the convicts.\"If we agree with the trial court's judgment then we will hear Yasmeen's application. If not then the application need not be heard,\" the court had said.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode would hear the appeals on a day-to-day basis from March 5, the High Court said today. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817861", "title": "Cabs 'fleecing' you? Report it to transport dept", "text": "PANAJI: Commuters disgruntled with taxi and auto drivers running their vehicles sans meters and charging an excess fare, can now lodge a complaint with the directorate of transport by providing the registration number of the taxi-cab, auto-rickshaw or motorcycle taxi. Also, the complainant need not furnish the name of the owner, operator or driver to the transport officials along with the complaint.This was revealed in the draft minutes drawn upon the instructions of the high court of Bombay at Goa while hearing a PIL in which the Disability Rights Association of Goa (DRAG), a registered charitable society working with the differently-abled in the state, had brought to the court's notice the hardships faced by the differently-abled when they travel by auto-rickshaws and taxis in Goa. They further said that despite bringing this to the notice of the director of transport and other government authorities, no action has been taken.The minutes were drawn by the amicus curiae appointed by the high court along with the additional government advocate appearing for the state government and the transport department. As per the minutes, the transport department shall look into all such complaints received and take necessary action against those acting contrary to law.The terms of the minutes have been agreed to by DRAG. Once the minutes were accepted, the high court disposed of the PIL. Though the transport department verifies the installation of meters on taxis and auto-rickshaws when the owners concerned seek a license, permission or renewal to operate the same, it is difficult for the officials to intervene each time a person uses a taxi or auto-rickshaw and ensure that the fare is as per the meter reading and rate prescribed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815240", "title": "\u2018Outdated\u2019 TB hospitals sit on huge land bank", "text": "HYDERABAD: In these strapped-for-space times, tuberculosis hospitals in the state have a peculiar problem- they have just too much space. These state-run facilities that were once sprawling sanatoriums are almost redundant now after the introduction of DOTS treatment but continue to sit on acres of prime land, even as their wards are sparsely occupied.Doctors and health experts say that the state has been ignoring not just the old buildings in dire need of repair but also the fact that it is time to phase out these white elephants and turn them into much-needed general hospitals with a ward for tuberculosis. They note the technology for treating tuberculosis changed decades ago, its treatment turned domiciliary, a far cry from the \"fresh air\" treatment for which these mammoth premises were established many moons ago.The TB and Chest Hospital at S R Nagar, Hyderabad currently sits on 65 acres, of which only a part is occupied by the hospital buildings and the rest is open space. But its serene tree-lined entry to the administrative block doesn't give the complete picture.Plagued with drainage issues, the hospital premises has turned into an open defecating ground for the patients, creating a stink and also a serious health concern. For close to two decades now, successive health secretaries and ministers have recommended that the hospital be turned into a general hospital, the latest promise being made recently by health minister D L Ravindra Reddy but the file, much like the hospital wards, is gathering dust.The 670-bedded facility never has occupancy beyond 240 but the low patient numbers do not reflect in the expenditure with the hospital's monthly sanitation bill itself touching Rs 7.5 lakh and its security another Rs 3.5 lakh.It is only ironical that there is no state-run general hospital in the Kukatpally-Ameerpet stretch and converting the chest hospital into one might just fulfill a long standing need.Another hospital kept on ventilator support by the government is the TB hospital in Ananthagiri, Vikarabad. This 150-bedded hospital was the biggest health facility in the area but over the last few years, however, it has not been able to use the budget earmarked for it for lack of patients. Data procured from the director of medical education office shows that if Rs 32 lakh was earmarked for diet expenses in 2010-11 fiscal (there is special budgetary allocation for diet of tuberculosis patients), the figure has come down to Rs 8 lakh.\"The government diverts the unutilised funds to tackle emergencies but maintain the budgetary allocation of the hospitals. They could be using the excess money to clear say a pending Aarogyasri disbursement,\" says a senior health official.Curiously, the government has considered many possibilities for these hospitals but none pursued. Take for instance, the over 100-acre TB facility in Mangalgiri. Senior health observers note that the hospital stands on a good location__right between Guntur and Vijayawada. Health experts note that these are two large urban agglomerations and a general super specialty hospital here would be good. In fact, a University of Health Sciences campus was proposed on the Mangalgiri property, but hasn't taken off yet.Dr P N S Reddy, superintendent of the TB &amp; Chest hospital in Hyderabad says he has written many letters to authorities drawing their attention to the failing condition of the premises, but nothing has been done so far. \"The (hospital) building was declared unfit for human habitation,\" says Dr Reddy, before adding how the roof of a ward caved in last rainy season.It's the same story in Warangal TB hospital, which again is a 100-bedded facility but has just about 50 per cent occupancy at any given time. With the government spending lakhs on just maintaining the premises, health experts question the need to keep it alive. \"It's a 1955 building located in Hanamkonda and is spread over 11 acres. If we got 10-12 new cases earlier every month, the number has come down to 6 or 7. The building is dilapidated and one ward is in a bad condition,\" says Dr M G Krishnamurthy, in-charge resident medical officer, Government TB Hospital, Warangal.Doctors reiterate that these redundant hospitals are not only sapping government funds but even misplaced resources. The Chest hospital, for instance has a full-time orthopaedic surgeon, a gynaecologist and two paediatricians.Health experts note that earlier fresh air and good food was the treatment for tuberculosis but the whole idea of hospitalisation has been given up now unless there are complications. \"It's time to reconfigure the entire structure,\" says a former health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816449", "title": "Rahul behind improved poll percentage: Jaiswal", "text": "VARANASI: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal gives all credit to Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi for the surprise increase in voting percentage in Punjab and Uttarakhand elections. Talking to media persons on Wednesday, Jaiswal said Rahul had emerged as major source of inspiration for youth of this country and the same youth had contributed massively to improve vote percentage.He said the Congress was of the opinion that until the fate of UP changed, ensuring a desired development of the country was impossible.Commenting on Mayawati government, he said, corruption was a common issue in all state but in UP it was flourishing under the patronage of the state government. He said the Congress was not against the formation of small states but the way the Mayawati government forwarded the proposal for dividing the UP in four small states was wrong. He said the procedure of preparing a detailed proposal by defining the limits of proposed small states, fixing liabilities and holding detailed debate in Vidhan Sabha and Vidhan Parishad before forwarding it to Centre was a must Commenting on the issue of black money he said \"this questions should be asked to Yoga Guru Ramdev who knows that where the black money is kept.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "11814970", "title": "Excise jinx hits Venkataramana too!", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: If past experience is anything to go by, the excise and prohibition department has always been a portfolio that has been jinxed for ministers in the state cabinet. Although seen as a 'very lucrative' portfolio, no minister has managed to complete a full term and not without facing bribery charges. What's more, the ministers who handled the excise department have all lost at polls.He has dismissed allegations of having received kickbacks from liquor syndicates and said that he is ready to face any probe but excise minister Venkataramana was ill at ease trying to prove his 'innocence'. The minister's name figures in a report prepared by the Anti-Corruption Bureau following an allegation by a liquor trader that he had paid Rs 10 lakh to the minister.Apart from 'short-term' gains, the excise wing is a cash cow for mainly due to the nexus between liquor contractors, businessmen, government officials and politicians cutting across party lines.\"The excise department is like a volcano and no one's sure when it would erupt. So, it is prudent for the CM to keep a close watch on the department. Unfortunately, neither the CM nor the minister concerned had any control over the affairs, resulting in utter chaos,\" said a senior official, seeking anonymity.Former CM, the late YSR Reddy, had managed to keep the department under his thumb during his first stint. And although he had handed the job to close aide Jakkampudi Rammohan Rao, all important issues were 'settled' at CMO what with the latter ailing. Mopidevi may remind himself that several of his predecessors, too, faced a similar fate while he prepares his defence.During the TDP regime between 1994-2004, the portfolio changed no less than four hands - Tammineni Seetharam, Tummala Nageswara Rao, Mandava Venkateswara Rao and Nettem Raghuram all had a similar trajectory as excise minister and all lost at the 2004 elections. Tammineni joined PRP in 2009, lost the polls and rejoined TDP; Nettem went into political oblivion after being denied a poll ticket in 2009 by his party.Previously, the portfolio has been handled by Mudragada Padmanabham, Kanumuri Bapiraju and Gade Venkata Reddy who have all tasted electoral defeats and seen their political journeys cut short.Although the CM seems to have succeeded in checking the rising clout of PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, who has a major stake in the liquor business, ACB raids against liquor traders and the game of one-upmanship could boomerang on the government, say Congress leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816446", "title": "MNS may approach Supreme Court", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's (MNS) president Raj Thackeray on Wednesday said that his party will move the Supreme Court against Bombay High court's recent order preventing use of Shivaji Park as a venue for election rallies.\"We have not got a certified copy of the judgment. As soon as we get it, we will approach the Supreme Court to challenge the order,\" said Thackeray on Wednesday.He added that availability of open grounds for election rallies is a serious issue. If grounds are not made available, then there is no option other than taking auditoriums on rent. These halls are charging hefty rates.\"Some charge as high as Rs 5 lakh per day. Parties cannot afford to pay such high charges for organising rallies? Grounds should be made available,\" he said.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had refused permission to conduct a public rally at Shivaji Park based on an earlier order passed by the court declaring Shivaji Park as a silence zone. Use of loud speakers is prohibited in a silence zone.MNS had approached the high court seeking permission to use loud speakers at the rally to be held on February 13 at Shivaji Park. But Bombay High Court too refused to grant permission to use this ground.BOXTicket distributionOn MNS, which claims to focus on clean and developmental politics, giving a ticket to Jayashree Marane, wife of Gajanan Marane, a criminal on police records, party chief Raj Thackeray said that she had followed the process laid down by his party. \"She wrote her exam and passed, so we gave her a ticket. Her husband is a criminal on police records, but she is not. We would have even given a ticket to city MP Suresh Kalmadi's wife, had she approached us for one,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817660", "title": "Residences already sprouting in office hub", "text": "Work on four luxury residential towers is already underway at the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC), even as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced on Tuesday that the state plans to increase the amount of residential space at the commercial hub by changing a few plot reservations from commercial to residential. Several bankers and executives are believed to have booked apartments in the four towers.The state's intent for BKC, as mirrored in the CM's statement, could transform the commercial hub at the edge of the city and suburbs into an affluent residential-cumcommercial pocket-borough that houses not just corporate houses and foreign missions but even the homes of bankers, executives and diplomats. Developers said the government's push for residential buildings could alter the profile of the area, demographic and otherwise. However, it's too early to tell when this transformation would take effect. The construction of the four towers has been dragging over the past few years and the plans for the future are still on the drawing board.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said another eight to 10 plots have been designated for residential purposes in BKC. Most of them are under an acre in size. The BKC also has several residential buildings for staffers of government offices and public sector companies, like Income Tax, Indian Oil and MMRDA.The luxury residential towers are coming up on plots the MMRDA sold to developers about five years ago, making them among the first to be used for residential purposes in the business hub. Officials said the CM's latest announcement will help the MMRDA get a higher price for such plots. Residential plots have greater value than commercial ones, they said. The rates in BKC for some of the upcoming residential projects are over Rs 30,000 per square foot. They are as high as the rates in some prime residential areas of Bandra (West).Currently, the BKC has offices, foreign missions, schools, hospitals, a hotel, a club and a police station, but practically no residences. The zone is dead after 6 pm. The CM spoke of creating residential space for those who work at BKC, so they didn't have to drive to work, reducing their traffic woes as well as overall road congestion and pollution. Asthana said, \"BKC becomes a dead place at night. The concept of creating residential space there makes sense and will encourage the walk-to-work culture,\" he said.Of the four under-construction luxury towers, three are high-end residential ones (each 15 to 20 storeys high) being built by Piramal Sunteck, while the fourth building is being undertaken by Naman Developers. Sunteck had successfully bid for two residential plots in BKC in 2007 for Rs 496 crore. Each plot is under an acre in size. One of its high-end projects, Signature Island, a 20-storey building, commenced bookings at around Rs 15,000 a sq ft some years ago. However, it commands over double this price today. The building has duplex apartments with grand atriums that have a \"height of more than 200 feet\", said a source. Its two other residential projects are called Signia Isles and Signia Pearl.Jayesh Shah, of the Naman Group, said he has not yet put any unit in the upcoming Naman Residency on the block. The 13-storey building may be used to house some of the group's staff as well as employees of Tata.While commercial plots are offered a Floor Space Index (FSI) of 4 in BKC, those designated as residential are given only 3. \"We have asked the state government to increase the residential FSI to 4,\" said Asthana.However, a BKC developer, not wishing to be identified, said the current residential prices there are \"crazy\". \"At these prices, one would prefer to stay in a welldeveloped housing complex instead of a location that is desolate after sunset,\" he said.Pranay Vakil, chairman of property consultants Knight Frank India, also questioned the wisdom of increasing residential space at BMC, because several residential projects are coming up on the periphery of the hub. \"And if Dharavi, which abuts BKC, is finally redeveloped, another 20 million square feet of residential space will flood the market. So one needs to examine the need to have a residential zone within BKC,\" he said.Some areas adjoining BKC include Kalina, Chunabhatti, Kalanagar and Dharavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816763", "title": "BASIC group to firm up climate strategy on Feb 13, 14", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ministers of South Africa, Brazil, China and India - the BASIC group - will meet here on February 13-14 to chalk out a joint strategy for the post-2020 global climate regime.The meeting of the group, which was the most prominent block of countries at Durban talks along with the EU, comes weeks ahead of the deadline to make submissions to the UN on the framework for negotiations for the new regime, Durban Platform.At the Durban meet, which was held last December, all the countries decided that a new track of negotiations would start this year and wrap up by 2015, giving shape to a regime for post-2020 actions. The decision had left everyone partially happy, with India having ensured that the new platform would be under the principles of existing convention and the EU should agree to some form of a legally-binding agreement.The modalities of the talks would be based on the submissions received from each country or blocks of countries for the Durban Platform.New Delhi had ratcheted up the pressure since last December, with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan publicly asserting that 'equity' and the principle of 'common but differentiated responsibility' would be at the heart of India's negotiating stance for a future regime. The developed world had balked at both the proposals in Durban, and in a compromise indirectly accepted it as an issue that would have to be deliberated over the next three years.The meeting also comes days after China decided that it would not permit its airlines to participate in the carbon trade and tax regime, which the EU has unilaterally imposed on all air traffic in and out of European airports. The BASIC group is likely to discuss the way ahead, with India having warned the EU that imposition of a unilateral tax that breaks the CBDR principle would jeopardize the main talks under the Durban Platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820953", "title": "Vikram's new challenge in Bollywood", "text": "There are 3 characters named David in Bejoy Nambiar's new film of that title. Director Bejoy Nambiar confirms this. For the Tamil superstar, a fluent and articulate command over the Hindi language is one helluva challenge.And Vikram is up going to make sure he is up to the challenge. One major reason why most South Indian superstars, from Rajnikanth and Kamal Haasan to the late-comers Suriya and Rana Daggubati have been unable to make appropriate headway in Bollywood is their inadequate command over the Hindi language.Tamil icon Vikram, who had hoped to establish a belated foothold in Mumbai with Mani Ratnam's 'Raavan', found his pan-India aspirations thwarted by his thickly accented Hindi.Vikram is ready for a second attempt at Bollywood. For Bijoy Nambiar's 'Michael' Vikram is apparently learning his Hindi from scratch.The task is doubly difficult since Vikram plays a Mumbai-based Catholic character.Says a source, \"Vikram first has to get rid of his thick Tamil aaccent and then learn to speak the anglo-Indian bhasha in Mumbai which is very different from the way the Catholic community speaks in other parts of the country. It's a double pain for Vikram.\"Says Nambiar, \"Yes, we will work hard on his Hindi. He is gonna be kickass. I always wanted to work with him since I saw his work in Sethu. The anglo-Indian character in my film suits him perfectly.\"Nambiar who knows Vikram from the time he assisted Mani Ratnam thinks the accented Hindi is no problem. \"If you see Raavan. You can't really make out the Tamil diction in his Hindi.\"Not quite the truth. And Nambiar knows it. This is why Vikram is spending time with two Hindi tutors. Ek Mumbai ke liye, doosra Michael ke maafiq .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816474", "title": "Intel-based strategy needed to fight Maoists: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday said the CRPF would have to acquire an intelligence-based strategy to combat Maoists who have organized themselves as a \"regular fighting army\".Inaugurating the first-ever intelligence training school for CRPF officers and personnel at Kadarpur in Haryana, Chidambaram said, \"Counter-insurgency and countering Left-wing extremists require a very different strategy and approach... It's remaining deployed for a long time to take on an adversary such as the CPI (Maoist) which is organized as a regular fighting army.\"\"All this has made new demands upon the CRPF. One has to develop intelligence about his adversary, one has to develop intelligence for operations, one has to work with the community and build confidence among the people in that area, undertake civic action programmes to win the support of the people,\" the home minister was quoted as saying by news agencies.\"So, a lot of new activities have to be undertaken by CRPF which is why it was felt that a small intelligence wing or a group in each battalion will be necessary,\" he added.Chidambaram also fired a couple of rounds from a Light Machine Gun (LMG) to give a sound start to the opening of a shooting drill on the occasion. After his address to CRPF personnel at the school, Chidambaram was escorted to the shooting range by director general of the force K Vijay Kumar. An LMG was kept ready for the home minister to fire the first bullet at the 50 metre firing range.Chidambaram was offered ear caps which he refused and stepped ahead to pull the trigger of the LMG. A loud noise from the firing of the bullets echoed in the range as officers and cadets present at the function clapped in appreciation.\"Was it a bulls eye,\" was the question of reporters present at the spot but the queries found no answer as the minister moved on to witness the firing demonstration by CRPF personnel with different weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817817", "title": "Gajbhiye denies encroachment on forest land", "text": "NAGPUR: Arvind Gajbhiye, general secretary of Orange City Stone Crusher Owners Association, has clarified that he has not encroached upon forest land. He was reacting to a report published in the TOI on Wednesday that his stone quarry in Pachgaon was overlapping protected forest (PF).Gajbhiye claimed that part of the road that passes from his crusher through the PF belongs to him, however, the remaining road is being used by him and neighbouring quarry owners too, whose names did not appear in the report.The TOI report was based on a spot visit following an inquiry ordered by the forest department nodal officer on January 23. As mentioned in the report, even Gajbhiye agrees that PF land cannot be used to transport any material. \"But as there is no other way, the road through PF is used by several quarry owners,\" he says.Regarding the mounds of gravel spilling into the PF, Gajbhiye assured that it was not a big issue and the material falling in the PF will be removed. He also said that the crusher appearing in the newspaper photograph is not illegal. TOI has never said the said crusher is illegal. Gajbhiye has also denied that the forest department has filed any primary offence report (POR) against him.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817214", "title": "President's office gets defamatory SMSs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Officials in the President's secretariat have been receiving defamatory text messages about the President from an unknown number for nearly a month now. Sources said the number has been identified as that of an inspector in the customs department.The President's secretary had approached Delhi Police regarding the matter a few weeks back. The President's secretariat confirmed the incident. The crime branch is investigating the case as top priority after registering a case under the relevant sections of the IT Act.Police sources said Chirsty Fernandez, secretary to the President, had approached them with a complaint regarding the messages and also named a suspect.In his complaint, Fernandez said the first message was received on the number of a secretariat official about a month ago around 10pm. In the messages, the sender has alleged that the President was ignoring his pleas against his dismissal since August 2009 in violation of his fundamental right to work. The accused has also made some remarks about a senior consultant at Rashtrapati Bhawan. Fernandez has also asked police to block further messages from this number. Efforts are on to trace the suspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11817501", "title": "Stray menace strays into many colonies", "text": "LUDHIANA: The residents of Gurcharan Park, Gandhi Colony, Cheema Park and Model Gram are fed up battling the stray dog menace and submitted a complaint letter to MC commissioner on Wednesday to do something to solve the problem. They rue that the stray dogs have become a major problem for them and they are unable to move out from their houses.It is not for the first time that the residents of these areas have come across this problem. Last year, the situation in the areas was so bad that four kids were brutally bitten by stray dogs and they had to be hospitalized. Even then the MC did nothing to provide relief to the residents.A businessman and resident of Gandhi Colony, Satinderbir Singh said, \"It has become difficult to move on the roads in our area because of these stray dogs. The dogs chase residents and even try to bite them.\" He alleged they first requested the officials several times over phone to solve the menace but when no action was taken, they submitted a complaint letter to MC commissioner.Echoing the same, another businessman and resident of Model Gram Balwinder Kumar said the dogs are very dangerous, as they can bite them anytime. He said they first ensure that there are no dogs in the street and only then step out of their houses.Rajiv Dhillon of Model Gram Extension said a scare has been created in the area due to these dogs, who should be caught immediately. Rajneesh Kumar of Gurcharan Park said, \"I do not allow my children to play outside because of these stray dogs, but for how long I would be able to keep them inside. MC should do something.\"Vinay Maini, a resident of Gandhi Colony, rued that the MC officials were turning a deaf ear towards their problem and the sterilization of dogs that they had started is nowhere in sight now.Jatinder Singh of Cheema Park added there has been no respite for the residents from the stray dogs for the past one year and they are fed up with the lame excuses of the civic authorities that they could not lift dogs.Commissioner M S Jaggi told TOI, \"I have not seen the complaint letter but would surely look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817213", "title": "KSEB, EMC to recycle CFLs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A year after unleashing widespread campaigns for promotion of compact fluorescent lamps (CFL) for households, Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) is now making efforts to put in place an effective mechanism for recycling damaged CFL lamps.\"Unless they are disposed safely, CFLs can cause gross damage to mother earth and the environment. That's why KSEB moots the idea of recycling damaged lamps\" said M Muhammed Ali Rawther, member, transmission and generation operation of KSEB.Energy Management Centre - Kerala has been asked to come up with a mechanism for the safe disposal of CFLs, which are fast replacing incandescent lamps and other traditional lighting equipment. As part of energy saving exercises, KSEB had supplied almost 1.25 crore CFLs to its consumers and more than 25 lakh CFLs are lying idle in the offices of KSEB.\"Each CFL lamp contains 0.5 mg mercury. If people continue to dispose the lamps just like they do damaged candescent lamps and tube lights, the mercury can create environment hazards in future, Rawther said.According to KM Dharesan Unnithan, director, Energy Management Centre-Kerala, effective recycling of CFLs was the need of the hour. \"The aluminium and mercury in the damaged CFLs can be effectively retrieved and recycled for various other purposes. We will soon start the CFL recycling programme, first for KSEB and later for the general public. Unless we don't address the problem now, it will pose serious threat to our environment,\" he said.To collect the damaged CFLs, supplied by KSEB to its consumers during the fag end of the LDF regime, the board recently announced that consumers can surrender them and collect fresh pieces in return from respective KSEB section offices.As per the agreement the board had entered with Philips , they would replace the lamps that got damaged within a year. However, the company will not be taking back the damaged stuff.KSEB plans to clear the CFL stock by distributing it among government offices, including KSEB. Meanwhile, crores of working incandescent lamps the board had collected from its consumers in lieu of CFLs are lying idle at various offices of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817204", "title": "Arch symposium on Feb 9", "text": "BHOPAL: Directorate of Archaeology, Archives and Museums, Madhya Pradesh would be organising a research symposium on 'Parmar era architecture, arts and culture' and a photo exhibition on February 9 along with a classical singing programme in the evening on the same day.A photo exhibition of prominent Parmar era temples in Madhya Pradesh will be organised at the hall of the State Museum. Prominent among these are the photographs of the monuments of Maheshwar, Bhojpur, and Mandsaur among others.Famous classical singer Kalapini Komkali will render classical songs at the museum's auditorium from 7 pm.The exhibition will remain open for common citizens from 12 noon to 7 pm at State Museum, Shyamla Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11819916", "title": "Goa polls: Congress in tailspin over dissidence", "text": "PANAJI: In a bind over largescale dissidence in the party ahead of March 3 Goa Assembly polls, Congress poll managers are pulling all stops to placate the dissenters who have raised the banner of revolt after being denied tickets.The anxiety in Congress is palpable from the fact that the ruling party has withheld announcing its third and final list of four candidates out of 33 seats it is contesting in alliance with NCP which is fielding candidates on 7 seats.\"We will try to meet every aspirant. Talk to them and try to take them on board,\" senior Congress leader Oscar Fernandes, who heads the screening committee to shortlist the candidates, told PTI last evening after holding a series of meetings throughout the day.In a bid to check dissidence, Fernandes is holding parleys with the hopefuls and a few upset party leaders in the coastal state.\"It is common thing that everybody who does not get a ticket feels hurt. The party will talk to everyone individually and put in all the efforts to ensure that they (dissidents) don't leave the organisation,\" he said.Congress has so far released two lists. However, owing to rebellion it is going slow in announcing the third one where dispute is on regarding two seats.In Mormugao, minority community candidate Saifulla Khan is vying for party ticket and so is Sankalp Amonkar.In Faturdo constituency, another hopeful M K Shaikh has thrown his hat in ring while Vijay Sardesai is staking claim for the seat.In a pointer to the heart burn in the party rank and file over distribution of tickets, two leaders, Dinar Tarcar and Pravin Zantye, have put down their papers.Tarcar would be contesting on Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party's (MGP's) ticket in St Cruz constituency while Zantye will file his nomination as an Independent from Mayem constituency.MGP has recently entered into a pre-poll alliance with main opposition BJP.Meanwhile, Victoria Fernandes, who is a lone woman legislator in Congress, is fuming over being denied ticket to contest from St Cruz seat.She has announced that her son, Rudolf, will be fighting as an Independent in the constituency against the official candidate of the party.Responding to a query, Fernandes said the party would announce the third list comprising four candidates in the next three days.\"We have selected candidates as per people's wish,\" he said, adding the decision not to field Victoria Fernandes was also taken after thorough deliberations.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817407", "title": "Passing tales of partition to posterity in their language", "text": "Jagdish Kaur, whose love for literature is well known among her colleagues and students in Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) where she is working as professor in department of journalism , is looking forward to publishing her latest project - 'Raakh Cho Ughe Phul'.Jagdish said it is a Punjabi translation of Dr Mohinder Singh Randhawa's book 'Out of Ashes' that is a compilation of the painful stories of refugees after the India-Pak partition and an account of the writer's experiences as director general (rehabilitation).The 45-year-old, who has done PhD in folk tales from Panjab University, said she was working on a University Grant Commission (UGC) project - Creation of Modern Cultural Infrastructure of Punjab - Role of Dr Mohinder Singh Randhawa - when the idea of translating his work struck her.\"While doing research on the project I read a lot about him and his works among which was 'Out of Ashes'. I was so moved that I wanted the book to be available for other Punjabis to read in their own language. So I made up my mind to translate it. Incidentally, Dr Randhawa was the second vice-chancellor of PAU, Ludhiana,'' said Jagdish, adding that she worked on the translation along with Davinder Kaur of Chandigarh and they took about two years to finalize the Punjabi version.Ruing that the present generation has no idea about the pain and struggle of the Partition, Jagdish said the book touches on the holocaust, temporary and permanent allotment of evacuee land and many other experiences. \"My effort is that the generations will know about the Partition and what it did to individuals,'' said Jagdish, who has earlier published three books.Talking about the challenges she faced during the project, Jagdish said one of the most difficult things was to capture the essence of the original work's language and translate it in Punjabi. \"I even consulted other books before translating some bits,'' she added.Gurbhajan Singh Gill, president of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, which is set to publish the translated work, said it's not only a book to read for information but also a book that helps to realize the sorrows of Partition. \"The translators have done a good job and we are going to publish it very soon,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816637", "title": "'More land needed for seed production'", "text": "PUNE: To meet the growing demand for seeds in the country, seed companies are in search of agricultural land for setting up seed production units. Besides the existing units in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, more units are likely to come up in Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand, where the availability of water is better, said N K Dadlani, director, National Seed Association of India.Dadlani was addressing a news conference to announce the third national level Indian seed congress that will be held in the city on Friday and Saturday. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil will inaugurate the congress.Raju Kapoor, executive director, National Seed Association of India, M G Shembekar, chairman of Indian Seed Congress 2012, and Satish Kagliwal, managing director of Nath Biogene (I) Ltd, were also present at the conference.Gujarat, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka produce almost all types of seeds required in the country, he said. \"With more agricultural land coming under seed production, especially from Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand where water scarcity or rainfall is not a major problem, the country can have excess seed production and can also look for exports of seeds. Gujarat and Maharashtra are sensitive to vagaries of rainfall, and if seed production goes down, the entire planning goes for a toss,\" Dadlani said.The seed association had witnessed a similar situation last year, when due to limited rainfall, seed production from units went down and the state government had asked the companies to first distribute seeds within their state and then to areas outside the state. To avoid similar situation, the seed association needs to have more seed production farms in the country to overcome situations like this, he said.Kapoor said, \"The seed industry is facing another major debate from genetically modified seeds, which are opposed by many organizations. There is a need to understand the science behind the technology and its implementation. The two-day conference will also focus on these issues and will attempt to satisfy queries of the people if any.\"Shembekar said, \"The seed market in the world is worth $6 billion of which $2 billion is only in India. The seed industry is growing at an annual growth rate of 15%-20%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815367", "title": "After accident on B2 bypass, residents stage protest", "text": "JAIPUR: An accident at B2 bypass on Wednesday, which claimed an 18-year-old student's life, affirmed the fear of Mansarovar residents, who asserted that movement of heavy vehicles at the bypass is putting the lives of residents at risk.After the accident, the residents have geared up for a fresh confrontation with the state government. \"We have been repeatedly telling the government that allowing heavy vehicles on B2 bypass puts our lives at stake. On Thursday, we will burn an effigy of Rohit Mahajan, DCP (traffic), who, in his obstinacy, allowed this to happen. He is directly responsible for the death of the student,\" said Abhay Purohit, president of Mansarovar Vikas Manch.Residents also claimed Mahajan misled the court by presenting false affidavit. \"DCP told the court the slip lanes were ready and that the entire infrastructure had been put in place for free flow of traffic. However, nothing has been done on the ground. Today's accident has happened because of absence of slip lanes. If this situation continues the monstrous trucks will claim many more lives,\" said a resident.They also alleged the administration for harassing the protestors and acting against public sentiments. \"We received the notice which says that our actions and protest are against the court's order will be considered as contempt of court,\" added Purhoit.After the January 28 decision of the high court to open the bypass to heavy vehicles, the residents had approached the apex court against the order. However, the Supreme Court has extended the date of hearing and the next hearing is scheduled on February 6. The Supreme Court asked for more supportive documents while extending the date.\"In the caveat filed by the Jaipur Development Authority in the Supreme Court on Friday, following the PIL filed by us, the authority has mentioned that the road along Dwarkadas Park is 200 feet wide, which is not true. The Supreme Court has asked us to get an affidavit on the actual width of the road,\" a resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11820073", "title": "2 Indians to file criminal case against Chinese traders", "text": "BEIJING: Two Indian traders who were illegally detained by local merchants at the Chinese trade hub Yiwu have decided to file a criminal case against 15 local suppliers for illegally detaining them.\"We have decided to file a criminal case against 15 local merchants for the illegal detention and torture inflicted on us,\" one of the traders Deepak Raheja told, a day after meeting external affairs minister S M Krishna.Chinese government said criminal proceedings have been launched against five local traders for ill-treating them. The duo also filed an application in a Jinhua court challenging legality of the Yiwu court impounding their passports.Raheja and Shayamsunder Agrawal met Krishna yesterday and briefed him their plight. Raheja said they told Krishna that they were keen to clear their name and leave China.This was the first occasion when the duo stirred of Shanghai after they were rescued with the help of the Indian officials and brought to the eastern Chinese city in January.The two assert that they were employees of a company called Euro Global Tading which bought USD 10 million RMB (USD 1.5 million) worth of supplies from Chinese traders based in Yiwu which is world's largest commodities trading hub.They were taken into custody by local traders after the Company's onwer Maheer Hussain Bazara, a Yemenese national vanished along with an Indian partner Feroze Khan.\"It is great the Minister met us. He gave us a patient hearing and expressed sympathy for our plight and promised all help,\" Raheja said.After the meeting, Krishna, who returned India today, said: \"I empathise with them regarding traumatic experience and raised it with Chinese counterparts. The Indian mission will provide all assistance to resolve the issue\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817663", "title": "HC orders shut Tasmac outlet near schools", "text": "CHENNAI: A bar-attached Tasmac outlet at Kilpauk was ordered to be closed by the Madras high court, which said the future and safety of children of five nearby schools are more important than the state-owned liquor retailer earning more revenue.Justice K Chandru, allowing a writ petition filed by the Golden Enclave Owners Association on Poonamallee Road, on Tuesday said: \"By the closure of one shop, no one will shed tears and it will not bring about any loss to the state especially, as the turnover from liquor sales in this state has already crossed Rs 16,500 crore per annum.\"The residents association moved the high court stating that the shop, after being shifted from Ormes Road as per court orders, was located near the enclave which had at least five schools in the vicinity. Residents and school children who went to nearby shops found it difficult to use the area due to the nuisance created by persons at the liquor shop. Left over of eatables and empty liquor bottles were thrown all around the apartment, they said.Principals of Union Christian Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Our Lady's Matriculation Higher Secondary School and Seetha Kingston Matriculation School too had filed separate counters, narrating the mental agony and psychololgical torture suffered by their students. An advocate-commissioner deputed by the high court too confirmed the nuisance caused by the shop.However, in its counter, the Tasmac contended that the schools were situated beyond the prohibited distance as per the Tamil Nadu Liquor Retail Vending (in Shops and Bars) Rules 2003.Justice Chandru, rejecting its submissions, said the safety and danger faced by school children who some times frequented the commercial complex for buying stationery and taking photocopies had been explained by the petitioner. Noting that the allegation of real risk and nuisance caused by drunkards cannot be ruled out, he said: \"When principals of three leading schools in the area have sent letters to the managing director of Tasmac, they ought to have filed a reply before this court or replied to the schools. Making revenue is not the only object of the state. The state should be equally concerned about the minor children who are sent to schools by their parents...The Tasmac, which is an instrumentality of the state, has to safeguard the interests of the general public, especially minor children who are facing unnecessary hardship,\"Justice Chandru said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11817039", "title": "Janus-faced moral police of Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: It's strange that the three BJP ministers caught watching porn in the assembly are in Karnataka, where a saffron-driven, puritanical streak and a moralistic tone endorsed by the state, have shut down harmless pleasures.Dancing is banned in bars that are now forced to shut by 11.30pm in a city that's the engine of India's 24/7 IT industry. Extremist Hindu groups attack women who go to pubs and among the porn-watching ministers are those who say that women are raped because they dress indecently.The government has looked on as even innocuous Valentine's Day celebrations have become the hate-targets of self-styled keepers of our sanskriti; where permission for SlutWalk is denied, ostensibly for security reasons.The amoral act of the trio is just the latest in a series of bad behaviour by the state's MLAs. In the past few years, the assembly building, built as an emphatic symbol of a new state by a former CM Kengal Hanumanthaiah, has been witness to fisticuffs on the floor of the House, bad language, and, of course, the infamous incident of MLA Goolihatti Shekar jumping on a table and baring his chest by ripping off his shirt.Unsurprisingly then, the MLAs caught in the political dirty picture might take a long view of the ongoing fracas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817173", "title": "Three escape after digging up police station wall as cops performed puja", "text": "BHOPAL: In a plot reminiscent of a Bollywood potboiler, three persons accused of theft escaped from the police custody after digging a hole through the wall of the Hanumanganj police station while the policemen were busy propitiating the deity in small temple in the station premises. Four constables were suspended while the town inspector has been line attached.Sources said that the three accused took full advantage of the situation to make their escape while the policemen were reciting Sunder Kand amidst the playing of traditional musical instruments like dholak, harmonium. The trio managed to break an iron rod from cell's toilet and with its help dug a hole on the 8-foot thick wall of the lockup to make their way to freedom.The trio has been identified as Akram, Bunty and Dilip. Akram and Bunty were arrested on charges of robbery and vehicle lifting only a few days back. The duo was caught with a stolen vehicle and other valuables. Later some more vehicles and valuables worth about Rs 10 lakh were recovered from them. They were taken on remand by the Hanumangaj police as they were suspects in a few more cases of thefts reported in Ibrahimpura area.Dilip was already in custody in connection with a theft.The accused had first dug up a hole in the wall and stopped when they realized that it would take them inside the police station. They abandoned the hole and dug up the opposite wall which led them out of the police station.The incident might have taken place in the wee hours of Wednesday when the puja was being performed. The sound of breaking the wall could not be heard because of the din created by the musical instruments. However, the police has denied this, saying the puja finished by 11 pm.The policemen said the accused were last seen at around 2 am but were found missing from the lockup in the morning. Police officials and staff who were on night duty at Hanumanganj police station had no clue about the incident.Following the incident, the trio was booked under Section 224 of the IPC (obstruction to lawful apprehension).Meanwhile, separate teams were pressed into the task of getting them back. The police said Akram and Bunty are residents of Aishbagh area while Dilip is of Sawenia village in Ratibad area.With boxSidelinedThe town inspector of Hanumanganj police station, Uma Shankar Tiwari has been attached with the police line, besides, four policemen, including head constable, Vishnu Prasad and constables, Santosh, Shiv Prasad and Jagdish Rajput have been suspended in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11817637", "title": "Sirsa spends more on liquor than milk", "text": "SIRSA: \"Desan mein desh Haryana, jit doodh dahi ka khana (Haryanvis are proud of their diet of milk and curd)\", the saying seems no longer relevant in Sirsa as sale of liquor has overtaken that of milk here, with booze sales breaking all previous records.According to information, while milk worth Rs 15 lakh is sold in the district every day, sale proceeds of liquor per day touches Rs 70 lakh. As per government records, there are 35 licensed liquor vends scattered across the district. Shops located in Industrial Area, Rania Bazar, Begu Road, Lalbati Chowk, JJ Colony road, auto market, Shiv Chowk, Barnala road and near bus stand have broken their previous sales records, sources said, adding that Sirsa has 14 English wine shops and 20 countrymade liquor shops.English wine shops sales are around Rs 44.5 lakh per day while sales of countrymade liquor shops are about Rs 30 lakh per day. This data pertains to licenced wine shops only as illegal trade is also said to be equally whopping.On the other hand, Vita milk plant produces 3,500 litres of milk, of which only a small quantity is supplied in the city as the balance is sent to other cities for consumption or used for making skimmed milk, they said.Interestingly, traditional confectioners, who used to be popular among youngsters for their boiled cream milk, have either closed shops or are on the verge of winding up their businesses.President of Dudh Vikreta Sangh, Tilak Raj, told TOI that members of the sangh supply approximately 46,000 litres of milk every day in the city, whereas Dairy Association president, Gurmail Singh said that 35 milk diaries are situated in the city with cumulative sales of 5,000 litres of milk daily. Thus total sale of milk doesn't cross Rs15 lakh daily in the city.Rahul Singh, a local liquor contractor, said, \"You can see long queues at English wine shops or countrymade liquor shops on any day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817766", "title": "Sena says 10% \u2018repeats\u2019 in manifesto promises", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray said on Wednesday that his party will repeat only 10% promises it made in its manifesto for the 2007 elections.The Sena is unveiling its manifesto on Thursday, but Thackeray claimed barring promises to modernize Byculla Zoo and replacement of water pipes, the saffron manifesto will have no repeats. \"I can confidently say we have fulfilled 90% promises... our latest manifesto will have fresh promises,\" he said.Taking pot-shots at MNS chief Raj Thackeray, who had threatened to stage rallies on footpaths and in front on Sena Bhavan in the absence of court permission to hold one at Shivaji Park, Uddhav said that it was unfortunate that he still needed to use the Sena as a crutch.Uddhav said the MNS chief should spend time in Mumbai and see the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820566", "title": "Shreya Ghoshal's act of love", "text": "Popular singer Shreya Ghoshal reveals her unique way of celebrating Valentine's DayWhen everyone is making big plans to celebrate the day of love with their loved ones, singer Shreya Ghoshal has her different way to celebrate it. The popular singer is all set to spend time with her fans online and appreciating their act of love on Valentine's Day.Yes, the singer is on mission on V-Day - to judge the act of love by her fans. She tweeted, \"I am so super excited about the mission 14th February. Do one good deed and tweet about it. The coming Valentine's Day, one of my fans/followers/music lovers will get my Follow.\"She further informs that the idea behind this is to make Valentine's Day meaningful and special by bringing a smile in the lives of those who need it more than us. Writing more about good deeds, she tweeted, \"You can show some love to you neighborhood by planting trees. Do anything! The Act of Love that touches me the most will get my Follow and love.\"So if you want your favorite singer to follow you on the social networking site, indulge in acts of love this Valentine's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11817233", "title": "Bengal gains Rs 346 crore from Singhvi-Mitra spat", "text": "KOLKATA: The argument between Abhishek Manu Singhvi and Amit Mitra over central assistance to Bengal has ultimately turned out to be a gain for the cash-strapped Mamata Banerjee government.The state got an additional 346 crore under the Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF) just a day after the powwow between the Congress leader and the Bengal finance minister over the nitty-gritty of fund allocation and actual fund flow.This is over and above the 1,100-crore backward region grant that panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee spoke about at Writers' Buildings on Wednesday. Finance ministry data shows the Centre released 700 crore as BRGF grants to the state between June 01, 2011, and February 6 this year. Congress national spokesperson Singhvi said in his written statement on Wednesday the Centre \"released 1,046 crore under the BRGF scheme till February 7.\"But the real story lies in the fine print. A day after the war of words that ended on February 6, the Union finance ministry hiked the release of funds under BRGF by another 346 crore for the 11 backward regions of Bengal.\"I am not counting much on what I said today about fund release. I have just quoted the finance ministry data, as on February 7, in my written statement. What I wanted to clarify is my statement on February 5 when I talked about allocation/approvals and not disbursals. I said that the Centre had approved central assistance of about 8,750 crore to Bengal under the BRGF in the 2011-12 financial ,\" Singhvi said.Mitra, who had rebutted Singhvi's allocation claim saying not a penny has come to the state's kitty, didn't take calls on Wednesday after Singhvi's written statement.\"Yes, it seems so when we compare the Union finance ministry data with the figure Abhishek Singhvi stated in his statement on Wednesday. The extra funds will indeed facilitate the development of the backward regions of Bengal. There is no denying that the state government is under constraint, but then the state finance minister should have made a detailed statement on the central funds received on plan and non-plan account till date before placing what he wants more from the Centre,\" the PCC chief said.According to finance ministry data, the Centre released Rs 1,857 crore as grants for specific schemes, and another Rs 13,877 crore on non-Plan account till February 6.Earlier in the day, minister Subrata Mukherjee said: \"The public health engineering department has got Rs 1,100 crore and the public works department Rs 1,278 crore. We have just received a letter from the Planning Commission that our project for supplying clean water to Bankura has been sanctioned. The amount (Rs 1,100 crore) is from the BRGF allocations.\"Going by what Mitra was stressing the other day, Mitra has been trying to drive home the point that Bengal has not received any special fund assistance from the Centre, or a moratorium on the interest payments of the huge Rs 2 lakh crore debt, a liability inherited from the Left Front government. The fact is that Bengal didn't get such relief than the statutory central support applicable to all the states.However, the BRGF is a scheme where the state government and local bodies - panchayats and municipalities - can take liberty in planning and implementing projects unlike other purpose-specific central assistance projects, a Union finance ministry official said.\"The plans for such projects are drawn up at the district planning committee level under Article 243 ZD of the Constitution. The fund can be applied for rural or town roads, drinking water or anything not covered under the specified central projects. They may also be used to fill gaps in cases where specified projects fail to meet the local demand. A total 11% of the fund can be used for staff provisioning and capacity building,\" the officials said.However , the fund is meant for 11 backward districts in West Bengal - Bankura, Birbhum , Purulia, Midnapore East, Midnapore West, South 24-Parganas , Murshidabad, Malda, South Dinajpur, North Dinajpur and Jalpaiguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817255", "title": "February chill: Days 8 degrees below normal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city shivered as cold winds swept through and the daytime temperature dipped to 21.9\u00b0C, a good eight degrees below normal on Wednesday. The night was cold too at 9.4\u00b0C, five degrees below normal.Weather officials said temperatures will continue to be severely low on Thursday and Friday are expected to start rising only after Friday. The dramatic dip in temperature saw people pull out windcheaters, sweater and shawls. While the elderly preferred to remain indoors, mothers pulled monkey caps over their kids to protect them from the dry, chilly winds blowing through the city.Cardiologists battled emergencies as the dramatic dip in temperature saw more people suffering acute myocardial infarction (MI) or heart attack due to blockage of blood supply. Geri Prajapati, 60, was brought to Lifecare Hospital after a severe heart attack on Wednesday. This was the third emergency team of cardiologists led by Dr Sameer Dani in less than 24 hours since the temperature plummeted on Tuesday night.\"This winter, we have seen a 30-40 per cent rise in acute heart attacks. In summer months, we see an average 12-15 cases acute MI per month which rose to 22-25 per month during December and January. Low temperatures put a greater load on the heart for the body to remain warm. Certain hormonal and chemical changes in the body during winter season also lead to increase in ruptures of plaque lining the heart arteries resulting in heart attacks. Rise in respiratory infections too put heart at greater risk . This winter, since the weather has remained consistently cold, we have seen more heart cases,\" said Dr Dani.Cardiologist Dr Tejas Patel said that low temperatures during winter have a squeezing effect on the heart where arteries go into a spasm and if it lasts for long, it results in heart attack. \"People who have existing blockages in arteries of the heart are at a greater risk during winter. I have seen a 20 per cent rise in acute MIs in my practice\", said Dr Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11815818", "title": "Miffed AG quits, blames pressure from BJP in Jaya case", "text": "BANGALORE: Senior counsel BV Acharya resigned as Karnataka's advocate-general on Wednesday following alleged pressure from various quarters, including the top BJP leadership, to relinquish his role as special public prosecutor in the disproportionate assets case against Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa.Acharya sent his resignation to governor HR Bhardwaj, the appointing authority, in the afternoon, and it was accepted.\"For several months now, there has been tremendous pressure on me to resign from the special public prosecutor's post in the Jayalalithaa case,\" he told TOI. Trial in the Rs 66-crore assets case is on at a special court in Bangalore.\"I refused to yield because the role was entrusted to me by the chief justice of Karnataka pursuant to directions from the Supreme Court. Of late, a PIL was filed in the high court saying I was holding two posts. Pressure was mounted on me once again; this time, some BJP leaders wanted me to resign from that post. I refused. So, I chose to quit the AG's post instead,\" Acharya said.No connection to Lokayukta caseHe stoutly denied rumours that the filing of a private complaint against him before the special Lokayukta court in connection with the BMS Trust issue was the main reason for his decision: \"That (compalint) has got nothing to do with it. A section of the media has been wrongly projecting it. The complaint was filed by some interested party, with various interested persons behind him. I will fight that case.\"Acharya was appointed advocate-general on August 6, 2011, by the DV Sadananda Gowda government. A member of the Law Commission of India, the 78-year-old, who hails from Belpur village in Udupi, has held the AG's post five times.PIL adjournedThe high court has adjourned one of the PILs filed against Acharya saying that he was holding two posts. This was pursuant to a memo for adjournment filed on the petitioner's behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817353", "title": "Govt mulls advanced transit system for city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state cabinet has decided to go ahead with the proposal for implementing the Personal Rapid Transit system -- an advanced form of public transport system.The government has decided to set up a CIAL model company for executing the project, said chief minister Oommen Chandy after the cabinet meeting.\"INKEL has been appointed as the nodal agency and they have been asked to submit a detailed project report. Amritsar is the only city which has taken up this project and started executing it. It is an elevated small car which can carry six persons,\" said Chandy.The proposal aims to start the project in Thiruvananthapuram city and also a long distance one in Kottayam, Erumeli, Pampa, Pala and Bharaninganam.No decision on Vizhinjam port: The chief minister said that the government has taken no decision on the Vizhinjam port. \"A decision will be taken only after all the processes are complete. At present the empowered committee has verified the financial bid submitted by a company. Once their process is through it will come back to the government for a final decision,\" said Chandy.If the government feels that the proposal submitted by Welspun is feasible, then a decision will be taken to go ahead, he added. Free hand for KSRTC: The state cabinet has decided to give decentralized freedom to Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) depots to operate buses on its own whenever there is a need.Apart from the regular service, now the bus depots can operate additional services on its own depending upon the demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816086", "title": "Women auto drivers in Mumbai soon?", "text": "MUMBAI: The operators of fleet taxis run exclusively by women are now keen that women be allowed to drive autos in Mumbai.Among those making this demand are the operators of Viira Cabs and Priyadarshini Cabs. A spokesperson for Priyadarshini Cabs said, \"We will propose to the state government to issue fresh permits to women drivers in both taxi and auto trade. It is high time we had women actively involved in the city's public transport. It will also ensure better services for women and senior citizens.\"Revati Roy from Viira Cabs said her company had been proposing the idea of having women auto drivers for a long time. \"It is high time the government issues special permits for women auto drivers,\" she added. A source from Forshe, another women-only fleetcab service said, \"We believe that women can be as good as their male counterparts. They are also well mannered.\"There have been an increasing number of complaints of meter tampering and rude behaviour by auto drivers.Not all drivers are in favour of women joining the profession. A driver, Sandeep Mule, said, \"It is a tough job and you can get any kind of passenger on board. Also, will they be willing to do night shifts?\" Auto union leader Thampy Kurian said, \"About a decade ago, there was a women driving autos in the suburbs, but she quit after marriage.\"A representation from Viira is likely to attend Friday's summit, which aims at discussing the feasibility of introducing fleet autos in Mumbai.Mumbai: You may soon find women driving autos in the suburbs.The operators of fleet taxis run exclusively by women are now keen that women should be allowed to ply autos in Mumbai.Among those who are demanding empowerment of women are Viira Cabs and Priyadarshini Cabs, both of which are successfully running fleetcabs driven by women. Said a spokesperson for Priyadarshini Cabs,\"We will propose to the state transport department to issue fresh permits to women drivers in both taxi and auto trade. Its high time we had women actively involved in city's public transport. It will also ensure better services for women and senior citizen passengers.\"Revati Roy from Viira Cabs said her company had been mooting the idea of having women auto drivers for a long time. \"It is high time the government issues special permits for women auto drivers. Also a group of women can come together and launch a fleet service which will cater to a niche category like senior citizens, students or just women,\" she said. Preeti Sharma Menon from Viira Cabs said her company had been instrumental in training women drivers for the past few years. \"The fleet business offers huge opportunities to drivers as they can work hard and earn a good salary. Some of the women come from economically backward sections and the job gives them dignity, respect and a chance to stand on their own feet,\" she stated.Said a source from Forshe, another women fleetcab service, \"We strongly believe that women can be as good as their male counterparts. Our drivers are well mannered and refrain from rude behaviour.\"Citizens have been complaining of rude behaviour (of drivers) and meter tampering on the rise in city autos. Team Anna's sms complaint box received more than 4,000 complaints of refusals and nearly 2,000 cases of meter tampering in the past two months.The entry of women in auto trade could, however, raise several eyebrows and not all male drivers are in favour of the fairer sex joining the profession. Said Sandeep Mule, a driver, \"its a tough job and you can get any kind of passenger on board. Also, will women drivers be willing to do night shifts?\"Auto union leader Thampy Kurian, however,said, \"About a decade ago, there was a woman driving autos in suburbs, but she quit after marriage,'' he said. It is learnt that Vasai has a woman driver, Anita Kudtarkar, who is perhaps the only woman driving auto in the Mumbai metropolitan region.Said Roy,\"If we want the women to join the auto trade, we should first introduce the fleet autos.\"Also, operators want these drivers to ply only during the daytime initially. A representation from Viira is likely to attend Friday's summit which aims at discussing the feasibility of introducing fleet autos in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816845", "title": "CBI rejects plea to reconsider action against 6 aviation ministry officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI turned down a request by the civil aviation ministry for reconsidering action against six officials for 'irregularities' in the over Rs 8,000-crore Airbus deal for supplying 43 aircraft to erstwhile Indian Airlines in 2005.CBI had approached the ministry last November seeking sanction to prosecute six of its officials for the alleged irregularities, but the ministry had responded to the probe agency asking it to reconsider, official sources said. The ministry had reasoned that the responsibility on the officials was not as huge as projected by the CBI in its findings.The deal was finalized in September, 2005, when an Empowered Group of Ministers had given its nod after Airbus agreed to set up the facilities along with the supply of 43 aircraft.The Comptroller and Auditor General in its report last September said the commitments made by Airbus regarding creation of MRO and training facilities was \"quite open-ended\".\"In respect of the MRO, the wording 'facilitate creation of MRO facilities in India in association with the promoters' did not give any indication of a binding commitment. There was no mention anywhere that the training and MRO facilities would be exclusive for India Airlines use or would be meant for all users of Airbus aircraft (public and private) in India and nearby,\" the report had said.The CAG said Indian Airlines entered a joint venture with EADS, parent company of Airbus, in 2008, but there was no tangible progress in that direction. It, however, said the training centres were started in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815622", "title": "Fashion designer\u2019s store in Juhu burgled of Rs 8 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Fashion designer Archana Kochhar's store in Juhu has been burgled of Rs 8 lakh in cash.The store, located in the basement of Juhu's Swastik Plaza, was closed on Sunday. The police suspected that the burglary took place anytime between Saturday night and Monday morning.Kochhar had kept the money in the boutique to pay her staffers, said the cops. On Monday morning, she found the sum missing from the locker and informed the Juhu police station. The police did not rule out the possibility of an insider's involvement in the case and were questioning the employees.The two guards who were on duty in Swastik Plaza over the weekend told the police that they did not notice any suspicious movement during that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817800", "title": "MP HC no to dispose of Bhopal waste near city", "text": "NAGPUR: The Madhya Pradesh High Court at Jabalpur on Wednesday has again declined Defence Research and Development Organization's (DRDO) request to dispose of the toxic waste left by 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy in its facility near Nagpur. A division bench asked the DRDO to first submit a compliance report of its earlier directions - to burn a sample of the waste in any of its labs and submit a report. The case would now be heard on March 5.During last hearing, the court asked DRDO to conduct impact assessment and chemical analysis of the hazardous toxic waste left by Bhopal tragedy. Though the Centre conducted the chemical analysis, it failed to file a report regarding impact assessment. It then moved the application along with Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and also Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control board (MPPCB) to conduct trial run of burning 2.5 metric tonnes of toxic waste from Bhopal at DRDO's incinerator in Nagpur.The principal bench of MP high court was hearing a plea by social activist Alok Pratap Singh who in 2004 knocked judiciary's doors seeking direction to hold Dow Chemicals responsible for pollution at the site. and prayed for cleaning up of the waste that is polluting groundwater. The court on July 12 had directed the MP government to transport the waste to Nagpur's DRDO facility. After an NGO Janmanch through its counsel Anil Kilor moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay, it stayed the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11817190", "title": "Akashavani goes digital", "text": "MANGALORE: Akashavani Mangalore is gearing up for a qualitative change in the manner in which it broadcasts its programmes by going digital in the near future.What it means for listeners is crystal clear transmission quality for programmes reaching their ears via FM radio sets or mobile phones.Akashavani has received digital units for its main switching console and playback studio and the work of installing these units is on in right earnestness.Akashavani currently produces its programmes on analog consoles and sends them to 10-kW FM transmitter using an analog switching console. In the first phase, the main switching console in the control room and playback studio console will go digital. Plans are afoot to digitise the talk and music studios as well. \"Such a step will make the entire process of AIR here digital,\" G Ramesh Chandran, Assistant Director (Engineering), said.The state-owned broadcaster which has already computerised its programme production process through use of computers is using digital recorders to record outdoor programmes as well.Ramesh Chandran told TOI here that hitherto all programmes were stored on tapes. \"But we have since shifted to computer hard disc based system of recording and editing our programmes and the high end software allows us to achieve highest quality,\" he said.The engineering staff of Akashavani is making an all-out effort to complete installation of equipment so that broadcast can go digital latest by April, Ramesh said. The engineering staff has received hands on training in installing such equipment, Ramesh who oversaw a similar venture in Thiruvananthapuram station of Akashavani said. Akashavani, Mangalore, which also broadcasts its programmes with the help of a 20-kW AM transmitter in Brahmawar in Udupi is planning to replace it with digital radio mondial, he said.\"We will be better placed to reach out to larger sections of population in the two coastal districts if the high power transmitter of DD at Vamanjoor here, eight LPTs and one very LPT at Sullia is put to better use as we strive to go digital with our transmission,\" he said.Changing timesFirst phase: Main switching console in the control room and playback studio will be digitizedSecond phase: Digitization of the talk and music studiosMove will ensure crystal clear transmission qualityAkashavani has received digital units for its main switching console and playback studio", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815583", "title": "Man found murdered near Jaipur-Delhi highway", "text": "JAIPUR: A man who was returning from his in-laws place in Shahpura near Jaipur was found murdered in Chandwaji area on the Jaipur-Delhi highway on Wednesday.Blood-stained body of the man identified as Magan Singh (29) was found in Manpur Macheri village near Chandwaji. Soon after spotting the body with multiple injuries some passers-by informed the police and a team of senior police officers and FSL experts rushed to the spot to take a stock of the situation, police said.\"The body was found in a nullah in the village. It was found that he had visited his in-laws in Shahpura three days ago. It is a clear case of murder since the body has severe injury marks and was probably hit by sharp-edged weapons,\" the SHO said.Police suspect some family problem to be behind the murder as there were unconfirmed reports that he was having extra-marital affairs.However, no arrests have been made in this connection so far by the police. \"A few persons were detained and are being questioned. We've got no concrete clue so far,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11815715", "title": "Seats in Maya's 4 dream schools in high demand", "text": "NOIDA: Admission has begun in the Mayawati's four dream schools in the district and over 5,000 forms have already been filled up for the 500 seats meant for classes I-IX. Schools explained that there has been an incredibly high demand for the limited seats this year.The Noida-Greater Noida educational sub-society, which looks after the schools, had previously intended to double the number of seats for the next session but were unable to do so since they couldn't hire teachers with the model code of conduct in place due to the elections.Teachers say there has been an incredible demand for forms, especially of class I. For instance, Mahamaya Balika Inter College saw submission of 1,200 forms, out of which 300 were for 80 seats in class I alone. Panchsheel Boy's Inter College in sector 91 saw submission of 827 forms, out of which 300 were for class I. Gautam Buddh Boy's Inter College at Knowledge Park-V in Greater Noida saw 1,627 forms being submitted out of which 471 were for the 80 seats in class I.The sub-committee officials say that 3,360 seats were to be added in the four schools taking the total to 6,240.The schools were also supposed to hire 160 new teachers before the admission process started. But as no new teachers were hired, the numbers of seats were not increased.Officials said the admission process from classes I-V will be through an interactive session between the pupils and teachers. For students for classes VI onwards, there will be a written exam. The entrance examination and interaction for the admission process began on February 4 and continue till March 2. Results will be announced on March 5.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816603", "title": "Congress caused hurdles in development: Mayawati", "text": "VARANASI: Keeping Congress on her target, Chief Minister Mayawati said a party that could not ensure any development in state despite ruling it for 40 years was now selling dreams of developing the state without having any political base in UP.While addressing an election meeting in support of Bahujan Samaj Party candidates on Lanka ground in Ghazipur district on Wednesday, she alleged when the BSP government was trying to ensure overall development of the state, the Congress-led UPA government at Centre caused hurdles by stopping the funds for state. She said if ambitious projects like Ganga Expressway could not come on floor, it was only because of Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi.She also fired salvos on the Samajwadi Party and said a party whose leaders masterminded the food and police recruitment scams had come with a manifesto that was nothing more than a bunch of fake promises.She said she never believed in releasing manifestos before poll as the BSP believed in ensuring development by preparing work plans. Apart from highlighting the achievements of her government and future programmes, she said her party would form its government again and people would enjoy 24-hour power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817293", "title": "Two toddlers burnt alive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a tragic accident, two toddlers were burnt alive in a taxi parked outside their home in Juhapura area. The two children - Aman Alai, 2 and Zeba Syed, 3 - were playing outside their home in Meccanagar in the Sankalitnagar area of Juhapura.On Wednesday, while both families were busy in a marriage function held at their home, the two children got into a taxi jeep and locked themselves in. After sometime, people in the neighborhood saw fire and feeble noise of children crying in the jeep. But by the time they reached it to save the children it was late. Both Zeba and Aman were immediately rushed to VS Hospital, but they succumbed to third degree burns around 5 pm. Vejalpur police has registered a case of accidental death. A team from the forensic department is examining the site.Vejalpur police inspector J H Jhalu claims, \"Prelimnary observation suggests that the two children may have been playing with matchsticks kept on the dashboard. One of them might have dropped a burning stick on the synthetic upholstery which led to the fire. Another possibility is that of a short circuit in the jeep. We have called the forensics department for further probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817878", "title": "'9 MLAs had criminal cases against them'", "text": "PANAJI: If statistics are to be believed, Goa's legislators present a poor picture of themselves on a number of counts.According to data released by the Association for Democratic Reform (ADR), an election watch organisation which collates data based on affidavits filed by candidates, the outgoing Goa legislative assembly had an average of only 26 sittings per year for 3.5 years till February 2011.Nine MLAs had criminal cases pending against them according to the 2007 affidavits, while the average asset per MLA was 4.25 cr.Five MLAs, including the speaker of the legislative assembly Pratapsingh Rane, had not furnished their PAN card details.ADR Goa unit coordinator Bhaskar Assoldnekar said \"Goa is the only state where the speaker had not disclosed PAN card details.\"Explaining the objectives of the ADR, Assoldnekar said ADR sought to generate information for voters based on the affidavits, so when the voters go to vote they are well informed about the candidates' background.He also said ADR was also aiming to bring more voters to the polling booth.Assoldnekar said the revenue expenditure of the state had increased by 23% to Rs 802 crore in 2009-10 while revenue receipts increased by only Rs 502 crore.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814776", "title": "Votes to NMC elections to be counted at 11 centres", "text": "NASHIK: The election authorities have made elaborate arrangements at 11 locations for the counting of votes polled during the general elections to 122 seats in 61 prabhags of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) scheduled for February 16.Save Satpur, all the other divisions have two election returning officers (EROs). In Panchavati division the counting of votes for prabhag 1 to 6 will be carried out at Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute Hall, while counting of votes for prabhag 7 to 12 will be held at Meenatai Thackeray Stadium.The counting for the polls of prabhags 13, 14, 24 and 25 will be held at the Shivaji Stadium, opposite collectorate and for prabhags 15, 16, 21, 22 and 23 at Shiv Satya Kala Kreeda Mandal at Gangapur Road.In Nashik East division, the counting for prabhag numbers 26 to 31 will be held at Mahatma Phule Kaladalan. For prabhags 37 to 40, 53, 54, votes will be counted at Sumanchandra Mangal Karyalaya, Pakhal Road. The counting for votes in Satpur division will be held at Satpur club house.Sambhaji Stadium will be the counting centre for prabhags 41 to 46 of Cidco division, while Mathura Garden at Kamatwade will be the counting centre for the remaining wards of the division.In Nashik Road, the Government Polytechnic (prabhags 32 to 36 and 55) and NMC's new divisional office (prabhags 56 to 61) will be the centres for counting of polls in the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "music composers", "code": "11822391", "title": "Jodi Breakers: Music Review", "text": "Music composers: Salim-Suleiman Lyrics: Irshad Kamil and Shabbir AhmedThe album of 'Jodi Breakers' begins with a rendition by Salim Merchant. The song 'Kunwara' - a typical shaadi number - with the relevant DJ mix and the use of the shehnai makes for a peppy and feel-good beginning.This song is followed by the item number Bipasha - beautifully sung by Shradha Pundit. This number has everything working for it - from Pundit's seductive voice to the lyrics, from the styles of music used in it (an arrangement of hip-hop, and qawali) to the beat. 'Bipasha' is also featured in a remix version in the album.After two peppy numbers, 'Darmiyan' is a frail entrant. Shafqat Amanat Ali is the lead singer of this one that gives the listeners nothing new and unique. Salim Merchant comes in with some English words that do nothing to lift the mode. Better than this, is the reprise version by Shreya Ghoshal, who does an excellent job with the key and uses the slow tempo beautifully to optimise emotional delivery.Mujhko Teri Zaroorat Hai is a number that does nothing much to please. Salim Merchant doesn't impress, although Shadaab Faridi makes up for Merchant's limitation. This track also has a remix version rendered by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, and that truly makes all the difference.The album of 'Jodi Breakers' ends with Jab Main Tumhare Saath Hun sung by Benny Dayal and Shilpa Rao. This jazzy number makes ample use of the saxophone. A well-delivered track by the singers makes for a fair end of the album. Overall, Jodi Breakers is an average album and has nothing spectacular to boast about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11815678", "title": "Sectarian tension eases in Old City area", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tension eased out to some extent in the Old City areas on Wednesday, as no incident of violence was reported from anywhere. However, discussions of what actually led to flare-up that too for three days continue to baffle residents.With city going to assembly poll on February 19 in the fourth phase, senior citizens and police officials see a definite connection between election and the sectarian riots that resulted in injuries to over half-adozen persons, including bullet injury to at least one.Police have still not been able to identify around a dozen masked men who were seen visiting a few localities especially in Thakurganj police station area, saying something to residents of the localities and vanishing from the spot thereafter. The presence of these masked men has strengthened the belief of a few police officials that the riot was more of staged managed than anything else. Elders, who on condition of anonymity based their reasoning on the fact that the city has never witnessed such type of rioting in phases, which also did not last for a long time, mainly because the natural anger over some issue was completely missing from the citizens.According to these elders, though there had been simmering tension between two sects of a particular community time and again in the past, the fact that clashes have never erupted without any reason is also true. No matter, how trivial that reason might have been, they added. However, this time the police have not been able to single out any palpable reason whatsoever that could have led to first clash near Dargah Hazrat Abbas in Saadatganj on Sunday late night.Eyewitnesses said that strangely, members from both the sects started assembling near the Dargah to the surprise of many on Sunday night and nobody knew the reason behind this assembly. The mob then started pelting stones on each other and even exchanged firing. The situation could be brought under control only when heavy security force was pressed into service to quell the violence.No wonder, trouble might not have at all erupted near Dargah Hazrat Abbas on Sunday night, had there been adequate police presence.At least three companies of the PAC did not turn up to take charge of the sensitive spots after the shift change at 8.00 pm citing some other duty next day, which actually created a void in the area that remained tense for years during the time of Moharram and Barawafat.The fact that rioting and clashes spread to other pockets in phases raise a question that people with some ulterior motive might have been working hard to incite the sentiments of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817806", "title": "HC reserves Tata's plea for judgment", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Wednesday closed the petition filed by leading industrialist Ratan Tata and others for the judgment. The Tata empire chairman had challenged the Nagpur lower court order that declared them as \"proclaimed offenders\" in a dispute related to alleged evasion of Provident Fund (PF) dues of Empress Mills workers. The Ganeshpeth police had registered an FIR against the Tata and others under Section 406 (Criminal breach of trust) way back in December, 1987. Noshir Adi Soonawala, Pratap Bhogilal, and Sudhir Thackersey are the other petitioners.Tata's petition was listed before a single-judge bench comprising Justice M L Tahilyani where senior counsel from Mumbai Amit Desai and Sudhir Puranik pleaded for the petitioners while A Sonare defended the state police. The verdict is likely to be out by next week, as per the lawyers.The police had originally registered offences against 13 persons, including Tata, for not furnishing Rs 8.94 lakh, deducted from the mills workers wages for two months (January and February, 1986), to the Employees' Provident Fund Office (EPFO) in the city. Following a complaint, the police filed an FIR and charge sheet in April 1988. Subsequently, the lower court issued summons to all accused in 1989 followed with a bailable warrant. When petitioners failed to respond, a non-bailable warrant was issued in March 2006. Finally, the first Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) court in city issued a proclamation order in August last year.Senior counsel Desai and Puranik told TOI that charges levelled on petitioners are not applicable and the respondents have failed to specify the actual offence, the petitioners had committed. They also argued that the lower court failed to apply mind before declaring their clients as \"proclaimed offenders\".They pointed out that there is a serious delay in registering the case and issuing warrant.Puranik further contended that the petitioners were never absconding and instead contacted the concerned police station after getting warrant. He added that though the holding company Tata Sons had already paid dues of Rs 18.16 lakh to the EPFO on December 30 in 1987, the FIR was lodged. The petitioners had prayed for quashing of proceedings and FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817461", "title": "BEST \u2018adjusts\u2019 govt\u2019s unpaid power bills", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever faced a power cut because you failed to pay the electric bill on time? The answer is obvious for the common man. But government departments, which owe crores to the city's power supplying agency, continue to enjoy free power.The city's public hospitals, MLA hostels and courts emerged as the largest defaulters. Put together, hundreds of public offices owe the BEST Rs 31 crore. But it continues to supply power to the powerful Mantralaya, Arthur Road Jail and MMRDA, all of which have been using electricity worth millions without paying a penny for it.Data procured by RTI activist Chetan Kothari found that hospitals owe the BEST the most-Rs 4.68 crore, followed by the various offices of the public works department (PWD)-Rs 3.67 crore and the city's courts which have an outstanding bill of Rs 1.99 crore.The data pertains to the current outstanding amount of various agencies till November 2011. We selected some of the outstanding amounts which have crossed the Rs 10-lakh mark. If calculated, smaller amounts in an unending list of pending dues, the outstanding amounts given above may shoot up further.Kothari said the BEST should not have two sets of rules, one for the general public and another for government offices. \"The number of unpaid bills has piled up over the years precisely because the BEST has been so callous about their recovery drive,\" he added.On its part, the BEST isn't worried about these arrears. Reason: it's all within the large syndicate called the government. In fact, the BEST has come up with its own ingenuous mechanism of striking out the government arrears. Sources said they do an internal adjustment in their account books about the pending amounts within government establishments. \"In return for the arrears, we have not paid transport tax to the government, which is about Rs 50 crore. It's an adjustment within the government departments,\" said a senior official.BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta also endorsed the fact that these pending amounts and subsidies to hospitals are adjusted among the government departments. \"It's understood that a government hospital carrying out a surgery at just Rs 200 is in public interest; services like these need subsidies,\" he said when asked about the largest pending dues with hospitals.But IIT-Bombay's professor Girish Kumar, from the electrical engineering department, termed such an arrangement vicious. He wondered why the government was not paying its electricity dues. \"More surprisingly, why is the BEST is sitting tight? Which undertaking would like to lose over Rs 31 crore?\" he asked.Economists said that such large payment defaults lead an undertaking to the path of lossmaking, before they are eventually shut down.Senior power expert Ashok Pendse said these adjustments are never shown in the account books and against this deficit, the money is borrowed from different institutions. \"Consumers have to pay the interest of these amounts. There are incidents when the government instead of paying subsidy to MSEDCL for agriculture and to power loom consumers, hiked state electricity duty to adjust the accounts. This affects power purchase, supply services and ultimately leads to either high tariff or load-shedding,\" he said.Surendra Kumar, IG prison and in-charge of Arthur Road Jail, said there are internal disputes about the areas and their billing which has resulted in accumulation. \"But we will surely look into it and resolve the issue,\" said Kumar when asked why the jail has not paid the dues.PWD authorities, who are supposed to look after payment of power bills for the MLA hostel and Mantralaya, were not reachable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817527", "title": "Mumbai weather: City shivers on coldest Feb day in four years", "text": "MUMBAI: The city on Wednesday experienced its coldest February day in the last four years with Santa Cruz recording a minimum temperature of 14.2 degrees Celsius. Many even thought it was the coldest day of the season, thanks to the windy conditions that persisted through the day.The day began with Mumbaikars waking up to strong winds. The chill factor was the highest in the morning and the evening. The city is likely to witness similar weather conditions for some time, the weather bureau has said.On Wednesday, the minimum temperature recorded in Colaba was 16.5 degrees C. The day-time temperatures were 27.9 and 26.5 degrees C at Colaba and Santa Cruz, respectively. The minimum temperature in Santa Cruz was two degrees below normal. The season's coldest day was January 29, when Santa Cruz recorded a low of 10 degrees Celsius. While being nowhere near the 8.5 degrees C recorded on February 8, 2008, Wednesday's temperature beat the lowest levels recorded in February in the previous three years (see box).According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), the cold spell in the northern plains of the country is responsible for the chill in the city. \"The western disturbance continues and has brought about a dip in the minimum temperature in most parts of northern India,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast at IMD, Mumbai.\"It felt really cold on Wednesday as the wind speed was high,\" said Rajeev. According to the IMD website, the wind speed recorded on the north Maharashtra coast was 20-25 knots, at times going up to even 30 knots. The weather bureau said the humidity levels in Mumbai were between 35% and 39% the whole day due to to dry winds from the northern landmass. \"The chill is likely to continue for the next two days, after which the mercury level will return to normal. But there is another western disturbance on its way. Temperatures can dip again in another four-five days,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817836", "title": "2003 batch PU teachers to be promoted", "text": "PATNA: Here's a good news for the teachers who joined Patna University (PU) service in 2003. They are likely to be accorded their long-awaited promotion soon, thanks to the initiative taken by PU authorities.The meeting of the Screening Committee to sort out the cases of teachers entitled to promotion as senior lecturers is scheduled to commence on Thursday. The University Selection Committee will also finalize these promotions soon after the Screening Committee meeting, said university sources. As many as 93 lecturers of the 2003 batch have applied for their promotion. As per University Grants Commission guidelines, the promotion of teachers, who are PhD holders, should have been given in 2007 itself, while promotion to the non-PhD holders was to be completed in 2009. But they had to wait for a long period as their services were confirmed only in 2008 after the vigilance clearance.All these teachers, who had joined their services after furnishing an undertaking in 2003, had been facing a vigilance inquiry ordered by the state government following complaint of largescale irregularities in the appointment of lecturers by the erstwhile Bihar State University (Constituent Colleges) Service Commission. The then chancellor of the universities, M Rama Jois, had allowed these teachers to join their services after furnishing an undertaking to the university concerned to the effectthat their services may be terminated if the vigilance probe goes against them. The commission had appointed more than 1,000 lecturers in 2003 of which 93 joined PU.Patna University Teachers' Association general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh has welcomed PU's move to promote the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817314", "title": "Now Kerala comrades too regret historic blunder II", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finally comrades in Kerala also called the bluff of CPM national leadership's decision to withdraw support to the UPA-1 government, citing the Indo-US nuclear deal.Majority of the 24 participants who took part in the discussion on working and organization report presented in the CPM state conference on Wednesday pointed out the decision was untimely and foolish.The controversial decision taken by the CPM in 2008 had earned the wrath of Bengal unit of the party as it caused an alliance between Congress and Trinamool Congress in Bengal.However, the Kerala unit of the party hasn't registered any discontent on the decision so far as it had been more inclined to the Prakash Karat line. The issue had, in fact, widened the rift between Karat and Yechuri in the national level with Kerala supporting Karat and Bengal staying with Yechuri.A few delegates were of the opinion that the nuclear deal was a serious issue and the party should not have supported it. But since there were so many issues like price rise, corruption and unemployment , any of those might have been suggested as a reason for withdrawal,'' said PB member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan. According to him, delegates complained that the decision of the party could not be communicated to the public properly.The debate on nuclear deal took place when the conference discussed the rout of the party in the 2009 election.\"Though we effectively campaigned by raising all issues, those failed to emerge as key issues as the nuclear deal has hogged the limelight,'' admitted Kodiyeri.A section of delegates also wanted the party leadership to change its priorities. The poor show of the party in the national level was cited by delegates and they expressed concern over the slow rate of growth in other parts of the country than in Kerala, Bengal and Tripura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817674", "title": "Goof-up sees NCP man lose party symbol", "text": "NAGPUR: In a goofup, a NCP candidate has not been given the party symbol due to mistakes in the nomination form. The candidate Dinanath Kharbikar, contesting from Maskasath, is now contesting against Kalpak Bhanarkar of BJP in a straight fight as an independent.Sources said that Kharbikar had mentioned his party as Indian Nationalist Congress Party instead of Nationalist Congress Party. Even though he submitted the AB form of NCP, he was not given the party symbol by election officials. The name of the party and that on the AB form has to match for allotment of that party's election symbol.NCP city president Ajay Patil said that it was not a major issue since the party had clearly mentioned in the election pamphlets that Kharbikar was the NCP candidate even though his symbol was the cup and saucer. \"All party workers of NCP and Congress are campaigning for him and informing voters about Kharbikar's poll symbol. This is not going to cost Kharbikar a single vote,\" he said.Due to disqualification of BJP candidate from Bastarwari Yogesh Gonnade, the party is left without a candidate in one seat. BJP has now declared its support to independent Ramdas Gudadhe, who is engaged in a straight fight with Congress' Pranit Kumar Jambhule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817216", "title": "'MCD to blame for Chandni mishap'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four months after the Chandni Mahal building collapse incident that claimed seven lives, Delhi Police on Wednesday told a trial court that \"discrepancies\" were found on the part of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) and police officials and said the tragedy could have been averted if both agencies had taken \"suitable action.\"\"Discrepancies/lapses on the part of MCD officials and staff of Police Station Chandni Mahal have been found,\" the police said while submitting its status report before Special Judge A K Mendiratta.In its report, the police said a work-stop notice was issued by the MCD on September 16, 2011, but \"the junior engineer and assistant engineer of the city zone did not take any action to stop the demolition/ construction work.\"\"If the MCD officer had taken suitable action to stop work at 833, Chandni Mahal, the tragedy that occurred on September 27, 2011, could have been averted. Inspector Satish Kain, the then SHO Chandni Mahal and ASI Shish Pal, division officer of the area, also failed to serve the work-stop notice instantly upon the owner and contractor\", the report stated.The inquiry report was filed in pursuance of a December 31, 2011, order by which the court had sought an investigation into the role of the local police and MCD officials in the building collapse. The report was made after a probe was conducted by its vigilance department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11815933", "title": "Slip-side from moral high ground", "text": "BANGALORE: The imposing Vidhana Soudha is among the country's most majestic legislature houses. It's to Karnataka what the Taj Mahal is to India; the image on every postcard, on every state government home page. The green carpeted assembly hall, with its gleaming rosewood and teak interiors generally evokes a hushed, reverent response from visitors.Obviously, the three Karnataka ministers - Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and Krishna Palemar - never ever felt burdened by such exalted feelings as they went about entertaining themselves with a porn clip to get away from boring legislative stuff such as debates and discussions in the assembly.The amoral behaviour of the trio is just the latest in a series of bad behaviour by the state's elected representatives. In the past few years, the august example of neo-Dravidian architecture, built as an emphatic symbol of a new state by Kengal Hanumanthaiah, has been a mute witness to conduct most vile: fisticuffs on the floor of the house, bad language, and, of course, the infamous incident of MLA Goolihatti Shekar jumping on a table and baring his chest by ripping off his shirt. That his behaviour in retrospect looks tame, says it all.It seems almost Freudian that a state that is so moralistic that harmless pleasures like dancing are banned for its people; one that shuts down by 11.30pm; where porn-watching ministers say that women are raped because they dress indecently; where girls in pubs attract the murderous rage of moral police; where innocuous Valentine Day celebrations become the hate-targets of self-styled keepers of our sanskriti; where permission for a SlutWalk is denied, ostensibly for security reasons, is the very same state that has MLAs brazenly watching porn on their mobiles in the assembly.Even more incredulous is the behaviour of the party that has always laid claim a moral high ground over its secular rivals. Having deemed resignation as enough repentance, the BJP instead of saying mea culpa, acting contrite and throwing the three out of the party has gone on the offensive. Quoting chapter and verse past incidents of indiscretions by MLAs and MPs in other states and other parties -- as if that were justification for the appalling behavior of its own lot -- BJP in Karnataka is trying to brazen out the situation. Apologizing to the public or being contrite doesn't seem to be in their DNA.The party has lurched from one crisis to another, literally from Day 1 in the office with dissidence, corruption charges and sexual peccadilloes of its MLAs being the constants.Ministers involved in sex scandals continue to hold office, M P Renukacharya being their standard bearer.Unsurprisingly then, the MLAs caught in the political dirty picture might take a long view of current fracas. For all the noise and bluster, Savadi, Patil and Palemar may yet bounce back, betting on the next scandal - always just round the corner for the saffronites-- taking the heat off them. Such has been the inglorious descent of BJP's first government in the south.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815559", "title": "New software to be installed in metro trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a fortnight after a man traveling on the Blue line (Dwarka sector 21-Noida city center/Vaishali) got stuck in the doors of the metro train, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is no closer to identifying the problem. However, it says it will soon be introducing a new software on the Bombardier trains as a possible solution. Said director (rolling stock) HS Anand, \"We are conducting extensive tests of the new software along with the manufacturer, Bombardier. Service trials followed by tests on one or two trains will be done under supervision. Thereafter, we plan to implement the software in all the trains,\" said Anand.The decision to install new software was taken even as technical experts continue to remain baffled by the problem. According to Anand, a team from Bombardier, accompanied by representatives of the French company that manufactured the faulty Metro door have been camping in Delhi, testing the train ever since the incident took place. \"Despite numerous tests however, the incident couldn't be recreated,\" admits Anand.Finally, the decision to install new software was taken, he said, adding, \"The software will be implemented in three-four trains at a go. So it will take till mid-March for the software to be installed in all Bombardier trains,\" Anand added. The doors of Bombardier trains are manufactured in China while the trains are assembled here. According to the director (rolling stock), the new software is expected to address the problem, which technical experts of the Delhi Metro speculate could be an inability of the door controller to identify if the train is moving or at a stand-still.Meanwhile, the Delhi Metro will soon start a drive to sensitize commuters on metro safety. It plans to deploy volunteers from the Northern Railway Bharat Scouts and Guides in crowded metro stations such as Rajiv Chowk, Kashmere Gate, Central Secretariat, Uttam Nagar, Yamuna Bank and Rajouri Garden from February 21 for a week to spread awareness about safety guidelines. Said a DMRC official, \"The volunteers would educate commuters about various issues related to safety while entering or exiting from the train at stations, boarding and deboarding, queuing for boarding etc.\" Interestingly, the awareness campaign comes even as the Delhi Metro started making announcements on the four and six-coach trains in stations as well as displaying messages on the passenger information system over the past two weeks.The incident involving the Bombardier train took place on January 17, when a man got his hand and ankle stuck inside the train door and was carried to the next station. The automatic door, which is supposed to detect any obstacle bigger than 19mm and stop the train from moving, failed to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815884", "title": "BJP goes on the offensive in assembly", "text": "Pushed to the wall over porngate, the ruling BJP on Wednesday adopted an offensive approach in the legislative assembly on Wednesday to deal with the combined opposition of Congress and JD(S) who demanded the disqualification of ministers Laxman Savadi, C C Patil and Krishna J Palemar.\"Don't make so much noise. You people are no Harishchandras,'' countered excise minister M P Renukacharya defending his three former cabinet colleagues, when the Congress sought a debate. When the House met in the morning, opposition leader Siddaramaiah and JD(S) members plunged into a discussion under what rules the issue seeking disqualification of members could be taken up.Siddaramaiah demanded speaker K G Bopaiah allow them to debate under Rule 147 (read with 363), which makes it mandatory for the speaker to take a decision. The JD(S) insisted on moving an adjournment motion.But law &amp; parliamentray affairs minister Suresh Kumar raised a point of order saying the issue cannot be discussed under Rule 147 as it warranted a 7-day notice.Intervening, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said the House should follow the rules, no matter what the issue was. \"I am not here to defend the ministers. They have realized their mistakes and resigned. But let us not deviate from the rules.'' This led to a heated exchange of words between treasury and opposition benches forcing Bopaiah to adjourn the House for half an hour.When the House reassembled around 1.30pm, the ruling party went on the offensive by creating a ruckus and not allowing Siddaramaiah to raise the issue. Most ruling party members stood up and didn't heed Bopaiah's request to sit down and allow Siddaramaiah to present his case.This strategy was decided at the BJP legislators' meeting during the break. Sources said this was followed after former CM BS Yeddyurappa insisted that this plan be followed. Yeddyurappa insisted that the ruling party should not give into the opposition's demand to disqualify the three members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11815914", "title": "Porngate: BJP unfazed as 3 Karnataka ministers resign", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka's ruling BJP remained remorseless as three of its ministers quit on Wednesday, the morning after TV cameras caught two of them watching porn clips on the cellphone of the third during an assembly debate, triggering a furore.The BJP has emboldened saffron groups in Bangalore and elsewhere to go on a moral policing spree - attacking women going to bars, forcing pubs to close early and threatening lovers on Valentine's Day. But it showed no remorse as it declined to elaborate why cooperation minister Laxman V Savadi, women and child development minister C C Patil and ports minister Krishna J Palemar had quit.Speaking in the council, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda praised them: \"I am happy about their conduct. I spoke to all three this morning. They said they hadn't committed any big mistake. They have resigned on their own. They said they wouldn't want to continue till they come clean. This is honourable behaviour in democracy. They have set a good precedent.''Speaker K G Bopaiah announced in the assembly later in the evening that the three had been debarred till an inquiry report is submitted on March 12. He then adjourned the House sine die - two days before the scheduled end.The speaker has set up a six-member inquiry committee headed by the chief minister and comprising opposition leader Siddaramaiah and JD(S) floor leader H D Revanna to probe the conduct of three BJP MLAs.But both Siddaramaiah and Revanna said they would not join the panel. The Speaker set March 12 as the deadline for the committee to submit its report.\"The BJP has converted this House into a nightclub. Criminal cases should be filed against Savadi, Patil and Palemar as they were watching a blue film on the floor of the House. They should be prosecuted. It's murder of democracy that opposition has not been allowed to debate the issue,\" Siddaramaiah said.That the BJP was not really rattled was clear by its conduct in the legislature. A member of the upper House, S R Leela, was seen distributing invitation cards for a lecture in the city where she is to be chief guest. Leela's act was a violation of council rules.Party sources said a plan was drawn up on Tuesday night to secure the trio's resignations, but they had to wait for BS Yeddyurappa, whose camp followers the three leaders are, to return from a tour of Bidar.The BJP core committee - comprising Gowda, K S Eshwarappa, Yeddyurappa and Jagadish Shettar - met briefly at 6.30am to finalize the strategy. The party collected the resignation letters from the three leaders at 8am and forwarded them to the Raj Bhavan, which accepted them later in the afternoon.By the time the Houses assembled, the news of the three ministers having resigned was out. The opposition parties wanted their suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11820791", "title": "National Vocational Education Qualification Framework launched", "text": "NEW DELHI: Human Resource Development Minister Kapil Sibal recently launched the National Vocational Education Qualification Framework ( NVEQF) which will be implemented in polytechnics, engineering colleges and other colleges across the country.Announcing the launch of the framework, Sibal said that a seven-level certification programme, starting in class IX, would be started in different fields of vocational training, culminating in a degree at the end of the seventh year.The programme, which will be launched from the academic year 2012-13, is sector-specific. The sectors include IT, media, entertainment, telecommunications, mobile communications, automobile, construction, retail, food processing, tourism, hotel, jewellery design and fashion design.A total of 1,000 hours of training will be necessary in every level annually, with hours fixed for different topics in the course. The programme is expected to cater to at least five million students for vocational degree and diploma every year.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815184", "title": "The blessing of two", "text": "KOLKATA: More and more parents are realizing the worth of the old slogan 'hum do, hamare do'. The 1970 campaign was meant to stem the population explosion, but it has come around to signify something entirely different four decades later - a break from the nuclear families' self-imposed norm of one child.For two decades now, with the middle-class 'boom', most urban homes followed a structural and economic pattern - both partners worked and preferred to have a single child. This was a direct follow-up of the disintegration of the joint family, which meant staying away from even in-laws. With jobs to manage and a household to run, these double-income upscale families chose to limit kids to just one. But the pattern is changing now.After having to deal with lone-child issues - aggression, depression, aloofness and loneliness - there is now a paradigm shift. A large number of city couples are opting for two kids and schools, counsellors, doctors and sociologists are united in their opinion that we are once again raising happy kids.In the process, mothers have to sacrifice lucrative careers. But after the initial hiccups and heartburn, they ultimately end up thanking their decision. Even Bengali working couples, who preferred to keep their family limited to one child, are also warming up to the idea of a second child.This change in attitude is clearly evident if you visit any of the kindergarten schools. At least half, if not more, mothers who are at the gates to receive or drop off a child are either pregnant with the second issue or are already looking to put the sibling in school. To encourage parents to have a second child, most schools give preference to younger siblings during admission, if the older child is already studying here.For quite sometime now, schools have been complaining about increasing aggression in kids. It's not just pushing and punching. Today there are instances where boys have almost gouged out eyes of their classmates, kicked hard enough to cause internal injuries and forced their \"victims\" strip. Teachers and administrators are at a loss over how to control aggression.\"Scolding has two types of results. Kids behave well for a couple of days but get back to their old habits or they revolt and behave worse. The problem stems from loneliness and cooped up emotions because kids have no one to share their lives with, right after their moms get back to work after maternity leave. In today's families, even grandparents are absent. The only solution is to perhaps have two kids so that they keep each other company,\" says Angela Ghose, junior school co-ordinator at St James School.\"It is not always physical in case of girls, but emotional aggression and this can lead to severe bouts of depression. You can have girls emotionally blackmailing those with weaker sensibilities. There have been cases where girls have ganged up against someone on social networking sites and abused her. Such bullies are invariably single kids. I have tracked emotional patterns of kids for years and have seen that those with siblings are much more balanced and have a loving and absorbing attitude,\" the principal of a leading girls school said.Take the case of Shreyoshi Banerjee, who gave up a high flying career with HSBC to bring up her two kids. Her husband, Rajib, works with TCS. After returning from London , one and a half years after marriage, the couple decided to have their first child and Trinisha was born in 2002. \"We always wanted two kids because we never wanted to burden Trinisha with all our attention and expectations. It hampers the emotional growth of a child. An only child will never be able to handle conflicts, rivalries and extreme emotions the way a child living with a sibling would. What we knew in theory was proven after our son, Utsav was born. The two keep each other busy. While Trinisha has learnt to be protective towards younger children, Utsav is coping with teaching-learning effectively,\" Sreyoshi said.Similarly, for Varsha and Manish Gupta, bringing up two kids has not been easy. Their older son, Nikunj, is five while the younger, Vivaan, is three. \"It can be tiring, but finally it is a rewarding experience when you see the two playing and keeping each other company. We did not want to raise a lonely and sad child. I had to give up my career in fashion designing but I can get back to work again when my kids are old enough,\" said Varsha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817237", "title": "UDF intact, says Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If at all there is any issue in the Kerala Congress party led by R Balakrishna Pillai, we will certainly involve in settling it. There are no issues in the UDF and the front is intact,'' said chief minister Oommen Chandy .When asked whether there was any demand to remove K B Ganesh Kumar from the cabinet, the chief minister said no such demands have come till now. \"Pillai is the senior most leader of the UDF and when his party is having a problem we all will be there to resolve it,'' he added.Meanwhile the UDF meeting scheduled here on Wednesday was postponed due to the crisis in the Kerala Congress party. It is learnt that Balakrishna Pillai was supposed to make a claim to remove the minister from his party from the cabinet in the UDF meeting.KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala has decided to speak to both Balakrishna Pillai and Ganesh Kumar to settle the differences between the two. However, the Kerala Congress (B) state committee meeting had criticised the functioning of the minister. Soon after the meeting in Kochi on Tuesday, Pillai had given strong signals of pulling back his son from the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816745", "title": "National footballer bags award given in memory of blast victim", "text": "PUNE: Many ties bind Sudanese national Ahmed Amjed Elzazoli and Shahbaaz Khan-football, their college and an award.On Wednesday, Khan received the 'best footballer of the year' award instituted by Nowrosjee Wadia College in memory of Elzazoli, their student and an inspiring footballer, who died in the German Bakery bomb blast on February 13, 2010.Khan, a national-level footballer, received a memento and a certificate. \"The award is in memory of Elzazoli, a footballer who was also a good human being. It is inspiring to receive the award,\" a touched Shahbaaz told TOI.\"Since the person in whose name the award has been instituted lost his life in a terror attack, it has special significance and brings a sense of responsibility,\" he added.Khan, a first-year student of science, has been playing football since school and represented his college at the state and national levels. He is a goal keeper and has performed exceptionally well in recent tournaments.The award is extra special, said Khan. He had never met Elzazoli, but admired him as a player. \"I saw him playing about three and half years ago at an international tournament organised in the city. His game was remarkable,\" he said.The college celebrated Gymkhana Day on Wednesday and the award, which will be given every year, was presented to Khan. \"The process to institute this award was started last year. But as Gymkhana Day activities were over, the award could not be given then,\" P K Patel, head of physical education department, said.Twentyfour-year-old Elzazoli had a keen interest in nature as well. According to his teachers, football was his passion. Ahmed had celebrated his birthday two days before the blast. He succumbed to injuries in a city based hospital a week after the terror attack. His college football team has made its mark in the inter-college, inter-university &amp; state-level events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11816973", "title": "Now, KSRTC to link localities directly", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore city division of the KSRTC is planning to introduce bus services linking different localities directly. The department is studying data and experimenting with trunk routes connecting these destinations.The four trunk routes connect different localities. Some of the buses on these routes pass through the city bus stand (CBS) but only to board passengers or alight on their onward journey. The trunk routes are being experimented with and the data is being collated. \"We will introduce new routes based on the study,\" said Mysore city divisional controller M N Srinivas, on Wednesday.There are few routes directly connecting different localities like J P Nagar to Kuvempunagar without touching the CBS which are not financially viable. The volume of traffic could be high only during certain periods. This has to be factored in, he said. \"Rs 31 is being spent for every kilometer travelled. We'll have to take this into consideration,\" he said.BUS DAYThe KSRTC is celebrating the 11th edition of Bus Day on Thursday pressing additional buses into service and cutting down frequencies on routes 116 (CBS to L&T; via Basavanagudi), 118 and 118A (CBS to Kumbarkoppla) and 119 (CBS to L&T; via Gokulam). This is to facilitate public and cut down the volume of traffic on city roads, he said. As against 45 trips, there will be 60 trips on 116 route, bringing down the frequency to 15 minutes from 20 minutes. There will be 70 trips on 119 route and 70 trips on 118 and 118A. Srinivas said the city buses get crowded during peak hours of traffic between 8am and 11am and 5pm to 7.30pm.He said the KSRTC is investing Rs 3 crore for a new bus depot at Vijaynagar IV stage where a bus terminal will also be built. This is the fourth bus depot, he stated, adding the public transporter has four depots on all the four sides of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817856", "title": "Faulty agri practices degrading land, affecting harvests", "text": "NAGPUR: While we may be proud of the food sufficiency brought about by the Green Revolution, few of us are aware of its consequences on the quality of land and water in the country. Trying to increase the yield of crops through chemicals and mechanized farming has had a telling effect on the soil, believe soil scientists.A survey by city-based National Bureau of Soil Survey and Land Use Planning (NBSS&LUP;) has found that of the total 329 million hectare land area of the country, 120.4 million hectare is in deteriorated condition. This fact was mentioned by Jagdish Prasad, principal scientist with the bureau, during an interaction with schoolchildren at a recent science expo.\"Earlier, there was a debate within the scientific community about the degradation and its magnitude. Therefore, we took it upon ourselves to assess the soil quality of the country. It was found that in many regions there was severe degradation of various kinds and intensities, due to reasons like soil erosion, accumulation of toxic waste, saline deposits, wind erosion, water logging,\" informed Prasad, vice-president of Indian Society of Soil Sciences for the academic session 2012-13.He said that all this has led to a decrease in the ability of the soil to produce crops, as the number of beneficial microbes in the soil has decreased due to various chemicals.He also said that NBSS&LUP; is trying to suggest necessary changes in the affected areas, depending on specific problems and possibilities. Reclamation of soil ecology, he assures, is possible if the suggested measures are implemented.\"Like the children pointed out, some areas may be prone to radioactive waste while at other places high amount of metal deposits may be present. Depending on the climate of the region, the solutions have to be designed specifically,\" he explained.Prasad believes that several faulty practices in agriculture, which is now largely dependant on market forces, has led to this scenario. Some remedial measures can still be implemented, like bringing about a sustainable level of productivity without compromising on soil ecology, he said.Assessing quality of soil and improving it is also difficult because there are no set legislative standards as is the case with water or air, he rued. Prasad quoted senior soil scientist Henry Lin from Pennsylvania State University to conclude, \"Soil, not oil, is essential for sustainability.\"BOXCAUSES, REASONS AND SOLUTIONS:Soil erosion: Prevalent in areas with high rainfall, specially ones with slopes having sparse vegetation like in the North-eastern states and Western Ghats. It is also seen in Central India, where black soil is very erosive because of its intensive propertiesSOLUTION: Building bunds and ridges to arrest erosion. If built with organic matter, these structures help bind soil even on slopes. Crops with fibrous roots can arrest larger area of the soil. Crop residue can also be used to do thisAlkalinity: Seen across the Indo-Gangetic Plain as the soil here has its origin in the Himalayas. Capillary movement of water increases the presence of sodiumSOLUTION: Plants like sun hemp, dhaincha and green manuring can help in such conditions. Adding metals like gypsum also balances alkalinity with acidityToxic material in soil - Common in areas with factories, refineries or tanneries; increase in levels of metals like chromium, lead, mercury and other heavy metals, irrigation also increases toxicitySOLUTION: Bio-remediation possible through plants not related to food chain. Planting khus, flowering plants, plantation crops that absorb these metals but would not be consumedDesertification (wind erosion) - It is commonly seen in desert areas of RajasthanSOLUTION: Building wind barriers, cultivation of tree belts across the direction of wind at appropriate intervals, preferably by planting indigenous plants like khejri and varieties of grasses as wind breakSalinity - Seen in the Indo-Gangetic deltaic region of West BengalSOLUTION: Planting crops that are salinity tolerant, like some varieties of rice and legumes. Since underground water in these areas is brackish, agro-intervention is the most apt solutionMicronutrient deficiency - Minerals like iron, manganese in insufficient quantities, so the acidic balance of soil is improperSOLUTION: Add proper micronutrients in soil. A soil test must be done to assess amounts to be added, otherwise problem may worsenWaterlogging - Common in poorly drained areas where water can't penetrate deep into the groundSOLUTION: Improving drainage, making proper channels for waterContamination of groundwater - More use of fertilizers results in increase in amount of nitrates and phosphates in soil. Overexploitation of groundwater can also lead to higher arsenic levelsSOLUTION: There should be long term solution rather than short term for this problem, mostly involving attitudinal changes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816472", "title": "Nothing wrong in meeting Kalmadi, says MLA Ramesh Bagwe", "text": "PUNE: Congress leaders from the city on Wednesday said that MLA Ramesh Bagwe had done no wrong by meeting suspended member of Parliament Suresh Kalmadi when he arrived in the city after his release on bail in the Commonwealth Games scam.They defended the action by saying that Nationalist Congress Party general secretary D P Tripathi too had 2G accused Shahid Balwa.Kalmadi returned to the city last week after nine months. Senior vice-president of Pune city Congress Deepak Mankar, who has got tickets for himself and his son, and Congress MLA Ramesh Bagwe, who has got tickets for both his two sons, led a large crowd of supporters to the airport with banners welcoming him. The 66-year-old MP, who has been in Tihar jail since April in connection with the Commonwealth Games scam, was released on bail a fortnight ago.\"He (Bagwe) has done no wrong. Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) general secretary D P Tripathi earlier met 2G accused Shahid Balwa. He then defended the meeting saying that it was an individual visit. Even in Bagwe's case it was individual visit and Congress has nothing to do with it. Those living in glass houses should not throw stones at others,\" said Congress co-ordination committee head Sharad Ranpise.\"Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre has made it clear that any Congress leader can meet Kalmadi at an individual level. The party is not involved in this,\" said Ranpise.On whether the party's candidates' list was influenced by Kalmadi, Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed said, \"All those who have got a party nomination are devoted party workers. We have given nominations to all sections of the society without any discrimination.\" Chhajed denied that he had met Kalmadi and added that Congress city unit is collectively campaigning for the party.Meanwhile, the city Congress will release its election manifesto on Thursday. Thakre and Maharashtra incharge of the party Mohan Prakash will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11817147", "title": "Coming: Tamil version of Moily\u2019s Ramayan", "text": "MANGALORE: His vocation as a full time politician has not in the least killed writer's instinct in M Veerappa Moily, Union Minister for Corporate Affairs.Moily, who is busy penning his second poetry 'Srimudi Parikramanam' to go with his earlier effort 'Ramayanam Mahanveshanam', is all set for release five volumes of his earlier epic translated in to Tamil at a function to be held in Chennai on April 1. Telugu version of the book will be released shortly.In an informal chat with TOI here on Wednesday, Moily said strict adherence to a time table to pursue his passion for literature has ensured that his literary instincts are alive and kicking.\"I am up and away with my writing from 4.30 am to 6.30 am, and devote an hour's time from 9.30 pm to dictate the text of my English book,\" Moily said.Jnanpith awardee Kunwar Narain released the third volume of Hindi version of Sri Ramayana Mahanveshnam at New Delhi on July 6 in 2011. The remaining two volumes in Hindi will be released in two months. Ramayana Mahanveshnam reflected confluence of cultures which constitutes Ayodhya, Kishkinda and Lanka. India has to learn from Ramayana to become nation of many voices, many cultures and many people, he says.The epic Mahanveshnam had received the prestigious Moortidevi Award of Bharatiya Jnanapith. On his epic poem on Draupadi, Moily said it will be in autobiographical form. He will be narrating the story of Draupadi from the first person view.The fourth book in his Unleashing India series on human resources development will be released at Delhi on February 24. The other topics include agriculture, irrigation and electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817879", "title": "CBSE chief gives tips to principals", "text": "PATNA: Principals of various CBSE-affiliated schools here on Wednesday underwent a training programme conducted by the board under the supervision of its chairman Vineet Joshi. Joshi is currently here to provide guidance to the principals.The two-day training programme which began on Wednesday has been planned for principals and teachers prior to CBSE examinations is aimed at familiarizing them with the process. It is also aimed at making the teachers and principals evaluate the examinees better, sources said.Over 200 principals and directors of CBSE-affiliated select schools from Jharkhand and Bihar participated in the training programme conducted at the Loyola High School here.Joshi, who elaborated on various new educational programmes and policies of CBSE, advised the principals to focus on comprehensive growth of students.\"Many schools lay too much stress on science education. Instead, the focus should be on holistic growth, equal focus should be given on sports and other activities,\" Joshi told participants. Joshi explained the board's international curriculum CBSE-i to the principals. The aim of CBSE-i is to carry forward the basic strength of the Indian educational system.Later CBSE Patna zone regional director S U Sorte told TOI: \"The chairman has asked schools in Patna zone to apply for CBSE-i curriculum. The selection, however, will be done by the competent authority which will consider various criteria.\"The CBSE is offering CBSE-i curriculum on pilot basis to 50 schools representing all regions of CBSE in the country.The teachers will participate in the training programme on Thursday. Around 400 teachers from Bihar and Jharkhand will be provided training by CBSE trainers on Thursday.\"The training is being rotated around the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system under which CBSE evaluates academic performance of examinees. It is being done before the examinations begin to enhance the capability of teachers,\" Sorte said.CBSE's class X and XII examinations are beginning from March 1. \"A total of 638 Class X schools and 378 Class XII schools are affiliated to CBSE in Bihar and Jharkhand. The examination will be conducted at 169 centres in Patna zone,\" Sorte added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816685", "title": "Wives swap kidneys, hubbies get new life", "text": "KOCHI: In a rare gesture, two women from Malappuram belonging to different religions swapped kidneys to save the lives of their husbands. Since each couple had different blood groups the concerned spouse wasn't of direct help.Abdul Majeed from Thanur and Balakrishnan from Malappuram got a second lease of life when Majeed's wife Thahia donated her kidney to Balakrishnan whose wife Bindu donated hers to Majeed.The two families, who were acquaintances, were brought together for the surgery by the transplantation counseling department of PVS Hospital in Kochi where the surgeries were done within a gap of one week in October last year. After counseling they agreed to swap kidneys as no legal issues were involved.The stipulated three-month observational period is over, and the two families are now closer to each other. \"I was not afraid of my life, I just wanted to save his life, and we never thought even for one second that they belonged to another religion,\" says Thahira (41) who first suggested the crossover transplantation. A mother of two, she was aware of the dangers involved, the rest she would need for at least three months, and the regular check-ups and medications. Bindu (34) agrees. She had to spend five days in hospital, and all she wanted was to help someone in need and a longer life for her husband. \"All our family members supported me, and they were in hospital throughout our hospitalization. No one mentioned the difference in religions, it was all about saving lives,\" says Bindu, who too has school-going children.The surgeries were conducted under the guidance of Dr George P Abraham and Dr Georgy K Ninan. \"We want more people to come forward for kidney donation. This is a matter of life and death and above religion,\" says Dr Ninan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815739", "title": "It\u2019ll be a no-show at cinemas on Feb 23", "text": "MUMBAI: Come February 23 and there will be a no-show on the silver screen across the country. Multiplexes and single-screen owners have decided to participate in a nationwide strike called by the Film Federation of India to protest against the government's proposal to bring the film industry under the purview of service tax.There are around 10,000 cinemas in India, according to estimates. Deepak Asher, president of the multiplex owners' association, said: \"All multiplexes in the country will be shut on February 23.\" The television industry, though, will not be affected.Concerned, an industry source said, \"It will get passed on to the consumer by way of higher ticket prices, which is not good for the industry.''Distributor and exhibitor Ramesh Sippy said: \"Single-screen theatres have already agreed to take part in the strike. A token strike will not have any impact; only an indefinite stir can work at this stage. The service tax will be a huge burden on producers..\"Association of Motion Pictures and Television Programme Producers president Ratan Jain said: \"A token strike is certainly on but we are yet to decide on an indefinite stir.\"It will be business as usual for the TV industry. Producer J D Majithia said: \"We need to take permission from broadcasters before going on a strike. The TV industry operates 24x7 and we cannot stop work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816646", "title": "Licences to check mobile music piracy", "text": "KOCHI: Shopkeepers transferring music to mobile chips have to think twice, as they may require Cell Muzik licence to sideload or download music to mobile phones. The licensing system was intoduced in Kochi on Wednesday.As per the new licensing system every mobile shop owner should have a valid Cell Muzik licence from South India Digital Music Management (SIDMM) that is authorized to issue permits by South Indian Music Companies Association (SIMCA).The new licence entitles the shopkeeper to load unlimited music files onto customer's mobiles.Sridhar Swaminathan, secretary of SIMCA said that sideloading music onto mobile chips without a valid licence is punishable under the Copyright Act of 1957.\"Our aim is to help shopkeepers to do their job without any fear of legal hassles or issues. The annual licence fee, which is between Rs 12,000 and Rs 15,000, will be decided based on the size and business potential of the mobile shop,\" he said.Swaminathan also said the licensing will be implemented in the state with the support of police officers. \"We don't want to have an open fight with the dealers or shop keepers indulged in sideloading music to mobile chips. First we will humbly request them to take the licence and if they are denying, we will be forced to initiate legal actions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817058", "title": "With snow, chill back in North India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Biting cold returned to many parts of north India after heavy snow and rain lashed the hill states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand on Tuesday night.Residents of Shimla and Manali woke up to a white blanket of snow on Wednesday morning. In Shimla, snowfall resumed towards late afternoon and by evening the city had recorded 30cm of snow. The minimum temperature plummeted to -1.6 degrees Celsius while the day was overcast and chilly with a maximum temperature of 4.6 degrees.\"I haven't seen so much snow in the month of February in Shimla,\" Nishant Nag, a 35-year-old hotel owner told TOI. This was just the fifth time since 2000 that the city had seen snow in February.In Manali, thousands of tourists enjoyed the snow but school-going children and commuters faced problems with vehicular traffic coming to a halt.Heavy snowfall was also reported from the higher reaches of Garhwal and Kumaon. The minimum temperature dropped to 2 to 3 degree Celsius in tarai towns such as Dehradun, Haridwar, Roorkee, Haldwani and Udham Singh Nagar.A report reaching the Uttarakhand Disaster Management Department said the Dehradun-Yamnotri and Rishikesh-Gangotri yatra routes were blocked at different spots due to snow.Weather experts in Dehradun said the cold could persist and even intensify in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817915", "title": "Mohan sent in 14-day judicial custody", "text": "KANPUR: Mohan was sent in 14 days judicial custody by district and sessions judge of Ramabai Nagar, Ali Zamin, on Wednesday after he was produced in the court by the police.Mohan, who was arrested by the Akbarpur police on Tuesday from his residence situated on the GIC campus, Nishat Ganj, Lucknow, has been made a co-accused in TET scam and charged with cheating and criminal conspiracy. He has also been charged under the Anti-Corruption Act.Presenting the prosecution case, additional district government counsel Anand Trivedi submitted that the police had nabbed Mohan on non-bailable warrant issued by this court. The raiding party had seized over Rs 4 lakh from his house and a photocopy of list of candidates depicting names and roll number of the examinees.The original list was recovered from the group of seven persons who were arrested on December 31 last. The police had also seized some documents related to TET and names and addresses of persons who were earlier arrested.Trivedi also told the court that the recovery and arrest was recorded by the police in presence of family members. The judicial officer, after hearing the submission, granted the judicial custody and Mohan was sent to jail.The director pleaded that he was fabricated in this case and was innocent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11821019", "title": "Apple to face protest over suppliers' working conditions", "text": "Apple Inc, maker of the iPad and iPhone, will face protesters tomorrow who want the company to change its manufacturing practices to address criticism of worker conditions at manufacturing partners operating in China.Customers plan to present a petition signed by more than 250,000 people asking the company to develop a worker-protection strategy that prevents abuse at Chinese factories where its gadgets are made, according to a statement from Change.org, a website that helped facilitate the petition.The petitioners want Cupertino , California-based Apple to vow to make an \"ethical\" iPhone 5 at facilities with better working conditions than those at Taipei-based Foxconn Technology Group , Apple's biggest supplier. The New York Times documented poor conditions at factories run by Apple partners, including excessive overtime, deaths from suicide and factory explosions, and overcrowded dormitories.The signatures are scheduled to be presented to Apple at locations in Washington, New York, San Francisco , London and Bangalore, according to Change.org's statement.Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has defended the company's labor practices. In an e-mail to employees last month, he said the company is \"attacking problems\" with conditions at factories that make its products and is committed to educating workers about their rights.\"We care about every worker in our worldwide supply chain,\"Steve Dowling, a spokesman for Apple, said in a telephone interview. \"We insist that our suppliers provide safe working conditions, treat workers with dignity and respect, and use environmentally responsible manufacturing processes wherever Apple products are made.\"Partners must \"live up to these requirements if they want to keep doing business with Apple,\" Dowling added.Apple rose 1.7 per cent to $476.68 at the close in New York, reaching its 52-week high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815838", "title": "Tarkari Khaleel arrested for hafta demand", "text": "A notorious rowdy, Tarkari Khaleel, who threatened to kill a vendor in Kalasipalyam vegetable market after the latter refused to pay haft (protection money) was caught by onlookers and handed over to police.Khaleel has been remanded to judicial custody.Police said the knife-wielding Khaleel had gone to the market and demanded that the vendor, identified as Irfan Khan , pay ransom. While onlookers caught Khalee, his three cronies fled from the spot.The absconding trio too was caught later.Khaleel is an accused in several cases of extortion, kidnapping and attempt to murder cases, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820026", "title": "India Surf Festival kicks off in Odisha", "text": "South African surfing models are out to promote the adventure sport on Ramachandi beach. The youth of Odisha isn't complaining!It was sun, sand and fun on the Ramachandi beach on the first day of India Surf Festival. Surfers soaring on the sunlit waves, surfing models sunbathing and the foreign and desi spectators having a gala time - all this was enough to warm up the atmosphere.Needless to say, the South African surfing models on the beach caught the maximum attention. When caught up with Emma Meii, the surfer and model from South Africa said, \"This is a lovely beach. It's very clean compared to the other beaches in India. I am here to watch the sport and enjoy. There are ample opportunities here to promote surfing. You know, it's an adventure sport and I believe the youth will go crazy. I guess , it's being organized for the first time here and if promoted properly, this place can be a good destination for international surfers. If you surf, you also have the opportunity to visit different places and make new friends as well. It's cool and full of fun. I am also a surfer but not going to surf here.\"Another surfer and model Yvette said, \"I am very happy with my experience in Odisha.\" Local spectators were obviously excited to witness these surfing models as cheerleaders to promote the sport. Exclaimed Pramod Kumar Swain, with his tongue firmly in cheek, \"I had never seen such cute babes on the beach. They are uninhibited and I am happy to have come down to watch this event. I wish, I could surf and mingle with them. I love adventure and want to learn surfing.\"Founder of the Surfing Yogis and organizer of the festival, Sanjay Samantaray, is happy with the response to the festival. \"This is our endeavour to show the people that such kinds of adventure sports , which are very popular at the international level, can also be hosted in India. We have a very clean beach here in Odisha and the water here is perfect for surfing. I want people to be more aware of this sport. As this is an expensive sport, we will be able to draw more number of international tourists to the state. We are trying to make it a major surfing destination. This will help to promote tourism in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814882", "title": "Three flout poll code, booked", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad police have booked three people, including two candidates, for violating the code of conduct.Congress candidates Sangita Avhad and Laxman Jaybhave, both contesting from ward 44, have been booked under Section 188 of Indian Penal Code (disobeying order promulgated by the election commissioner). A Saibaba Nagar resident, Namdev More, was found campaigning for the two using loudspeakers in Sahyadri Nagar, Cidco, on Tuesday. More had also put up banners of the two candidates. Since permission had not been not sought, the Ambad police booked the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11815405", "title": "Whiff of failed affair in teenager's suicide", "text": "MALDA: An 18-year-old college girl killed herself apparently after being rebuffed by the boy she loved.The student, a tribal girl from Sanyasdighi village under Jatradanga panchayat in Malda, was studying first year arts in Gour College. The youngest of four siblings, the girl used to live in a rented house at Sahapur with her mother to facilitate her education.\"On Friday, when my mother left for our house in Jatradanga, my sister drank some acid stored for washing. Some local children found her in that stateand informed the neighbours. She was then taken to hospital,\" said the girl's elder brother. On Wednesday, the girl died in hospital.Though her family members have no idea about the reason behind this extreme step, her friends disclosed that the girl, though a good student, was introvert by nature. of late, shehad been in a relationship with a boy of the college of late. But recently, the boy had apparently rebuffed her. This shock might have made her take such a step, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11818013", "title": "Two nominations filed on Wednesday", "text": "PANAJI: Two nominations were filed on Wednesday for the upcoming assembly elections.Dominic Savio Fernandes of the Janata Dal (United) filed his nomination for Panaji and Shyam Yeshwant Gaude of the CPI filed his nomination papers for Priol.Meanwhile, Aires Rodrigues has filed a complaint before the office of the chief electoral officer against the appointment of Daulat Hawaldar as the South Goa collector and district election officer.He has expressed apprehension that as Hawaldar was heading two bodies which were under the ministry headed Joaquim Alemao, he might be biased to the minister.The CEO has referred the complaint to the election commission of India.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815276", "title": "Panel critical of teachers' stir", "text": "KOLKATA: The expert committee on higher education , approved by governor M K Narayanan, lashed out at the West Bengal College and University Teachers' Association (WBCUTA) for giving a ceasework call on February 17 across the state. The association also decided to take out a silent rally on February 10 demanding notification of in demand of notifying of press for the \" career advancement scheme\" (CAS) by February 15.\"The government is open to discussions and is trying to give CAS an order. they decide to go on a cease-work.We are afraid that this ceasework decision may seal the possibility of talks. Education minister Bratya Basu had held meetings with representatives of WBCUTA. He had also assured them that their demands will be looked into,\" said committee member Arun Chattopadhyay.\"WBCUTA is a democratic organization of teachers from all parties. However, this decision which the organization has currently takenwas motivated by the CPM. Earlier, WBCUTA never took any decision without unanimous approval by its members. But Now, however, things are no more the same different.We are aware that though a few senior WBCUTA members opposed the move for a cease-work while discussions were on, the organization has decided to protest in an undemocratic manner,\" he added.Questions have, however, been raised on how a government-appointed committee could lash out at a teachers' organization while functioning from the state education department's Bikash Bhavan office.Retorting this, another committee member Ashokendu Sengupta said, \"We have been appointed by the government and the governor has approved our committee. We have the authority to make suggestions to the government as well as other organizations. We are already making these suggestions.Since WBCUTA had decided to go on a ceasework, we fear this may hamper discussions. They should have waited till the order was issued,\" retorted Ashokendu Sengupta, another committee member.Education minister Bratya Basu added, \"I find no reason why the committee cannot urge WBCUTA to refrain from holding a ceasework. The discussions are on. I too fear that protests in this form will only come in the way of further discussions.In the past 13 years, no teachers' organizations or even students organizations from opposition parties were allowed to submit deputations or hold meetings with the education minister.\"WBCUTA general secretary Tarun Patra said, \"The committee is claiming that our organization is a political one. But is this democracy?How can the expert committee decide if we should call a ceasework or not? Is this democracy?Will the government be able to keep its promise to bring out the order by February 15?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815686", "title": "Cops suspect Munni victim of larger racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Delhi Police reunited Munni - mother of the battered baby admitted at AIIMS - with her elder daughter, police sources in both Delhi and Rajasthan said the human trafficking racket - of which Munni was a victim - might be bigger than initially thought. Sources said the family of Munni's second husband has admitted to \"arranging\" for two women to marry its men. \"Besides my son who married Munni, one of his nephews too married a woman who was brought to us by an agent. We have spent Rs 2.7 lakh on the two women,'' said Dharam Ram, father of Munni's second husband, Harpal Singh. Sources said Munni was introduced to the family as Anita, a virgin.Rajasthan Police - which is helping Delhi Police - has reportedly traced the agent who introduced the Singh family to the alleged pimps Kanta Choudhry and Saroj. Kanta has been arrested. \"I was duped by the entire family that had come from Delhi,'' said Dharam Ram.In Delhi, DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma refused to confirm the reported development from Rajasthan. \"At present, we are raiding several places in Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan and a few other places. Our priority is to rescue Munni's son and arrest Rajkumar alias Dilshad, the taxi driver. We have arranged counseling for Munni as she is under mental stress regarding her two-year-old child who is admitted at the AIIMS Trauma Centre. We have also spoken to the doctors who have said that there is a possibility of her meeting her youngest daughter in the next 48 hours,'' said Sharma. In a late night development, a police team left for Patna to search for Munni's five-year-old son.Sharma said although they had accepted Munni as the mother of the battered baby, they would still conduct her DNA test. \"The DNA test will be helpful in strengthening our evidence. We have also requested Munni to stay back and help us in the investigations. It is up to her if she wants to return to Rajasthan after this.''Meanwhile, investigation in the case of the teenaged girl who brought the baby to AIIMS has revealed that Rana (husband of the pimp Aarti who pushed the girl into prostitution) and his aide Rahul might have bought the girl from another woman and confined her to a house in Dwarka before handing her to two other accused, Pooja and her husband Sandeep. The latter took the teen to Etah, where she was raped for three consecutive days. The cops said they were investigating whether Rajkumar got a share of the money when Sandeep took her to Etah to either marry her to an old man or push her into prostitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11817568", "title": "Take up turban issue with France immediately: Akal Takht jathedar", "text": "AMRITSAR: Jathedar of Akal Takht, Giani Gurbachan Singh, has asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to consider severing of diplomatic and economic ties with France until its government gives the right to wear turban to the minuscule Sikh community of France.In the light of United Nations Human Rights Committee's (UNHRC) directions to French government to take remedial measures for violation of religious freedom of Ranjit Singh, who was asked to remove his turban for his identity card photo, the jathedar has asked the PM to immediately take up the issue with his French counterpart to restore Sikhs' pride.Talking to TOI on Wednesday, the jathedar said the issue would be further contemplated during Sikh clerics' meeting scheduled for February 25.\"Sikhs are being humiliated at various airports where they are asked to remove their turbans for security vetting. It is disgraceful and should be stopped,\" said Giani Gurbachan Singh, adding that Sikh organizations across the globe should intensify their struggle and build pressure groups in their respective countries to force governments to restore the Sikhs' turban pride.The jathedar said the French government shouldn't forget the role of around 80,000 Sikhs, who had fought for France's freedom, wearing turban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11817708", "title": "Eco-Pro activists stage agitation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Wildlife organization Eco-Pro staged a day-long sit-in agitation before the office of chief conservator of forests (CCF) on Wednesday to press the demand of initiating fire protection works in the forest.However, it turned out that fire protection works have been stranded across the state for lack of grants. The organization is now planning to the take up the matter with the state forest minister.Incidents of fire in forests generally begin in March, and therefore forest authorities accomplish their preparation to tackle the fires by February 15 every year. However, this year, no initiative in this regard has been taken so far due to lack of funds.Alarmed by the delay, Eco-Pro had raised the issue with APCCF (planning and development) Shri Bhagwan during his recent visit here. But as no grants were released for fire protection, Eco-Pro activists led by their president Bandu Dhotre staged the sit-in.\"Lack of fire protection works such as fire line cutting and deployment of fire watchers, puts entire forest and wildlife in danger. While precious forest is lost in fires, herbivores too are deprived of their food in the area. Uncontrolled fires also lead to the death of newborns and cubs of wild animals, as they are unable to move away swiftly. Only fire protection measures can help checking this problem, but thanks to lack of funds its works are withheld,\" said Bandu Dhotre.CCF of Chandrapur circle BSK Reddy agreed that fire protection works are held up due to lack of grants. \"The situation is the same across the state as grants are not available to take up fire protection work. We have received a part of aid on Wednesday itself, and it would be immediately released to start the work,\" he said.Reddy said that they have sought help from Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) for taking up fire protection works in the buffer zone of tiger reserve. TATR is going provide some aid from its tiger protection foundation for fire protection in buffer, he added.Dhotre said that as fire protection works are held up across the state, his organization would take up the issue with the forest minister Patangrao Kadam. More than two dozen activists of Eco-Pro participated in the agitation.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817754", "title": "HC acquits woman of killing husband at Quepem", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently acquitted Angela Diniz charged with murdering her husband Floriano Diniz at Molcornem, Quepem, in 2003 due to the \"diversity\" in the medical evidence and the flaws in the investigation.In 2008, the trial court had sentenced her to undergo life imprisonment and to pay a fine of 10,000 for killing her husband. The prosecution case was based on the attachment of a wooden danda, blood-stained stones and other incriminating material found at the spot where the deceased was killed.The prosecution alleged that the accused committed the offence on December 16 after the husband learned about her alleged illicit relationship while he was employed overseas. The accused had approached the high court challenging the judgment of the trial court.While giving the benefit of doubt to the accused, a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre observed, \"The accused was arrested on December 20, 2003, but the panchnama of the disclosure made by the accused and the recovery of the burnt clothes, ash and two stones with blood stains was drawn on December 27, 2003. There was a delay in conducting the panchanama.\"The court also noted that as per the examination report of CFSL, Hyderabad, no blood was detected on the burnt clothes as well as in the ash. Though blood was detected on the two stones, however, it was not confirmed to be human blood, the court added.The court also referred to a panchanama drawn on December 17, 2003, at the scene of occurrence which indicates that the location surrounding the body was checked.The court further observed thus, \"Even four stones with stains, which looked like blood, were allegedly seen near the body of the deceased, but were surprisingly not attached. It is not understood how the articles like the said wooden danda with dried blood stains, pieces of danda, etc, were not found there on that day itself.\"The court noted that the wooden danda was attached by drawing a panchanama near the place of the incident 11 days after the arrest of the accused on December 31, 2003.As per the report of CFSL, no blood was detected on the wooden danda or piece of wood. \"In our considered view, the evidence on record is not even sufficient to suggest that the accused had an illicit relationship,\" the court opined.In this case, the public prosecutor pointed out various lapses committed by police sub-inspector Nerlon Albuquerque but contended that the said lapses would not benefit the accused. S Dessai, senior advocate, argued on behalf of the appellant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815949", "title": "Homecoming for lesser flamingos in Sewri", "text": "MUMBAI: Close to 5,000 lesser flamingos were recently seen at the mudflats along the Sewri bay.Debi Goenka, environmentalist from Conservation Action Trust (CAT), said, \"It is good news for the Mumbai coast and our Thane Creek that the birds were finally seen at Sewri a few days ago. Our volunteers spotted them birds at a good distance, feeding in the mudflats.\" The Sewri bay was in the hues of pink and whites due to their presence this Saturday, with the grey mudflats providing a striking contrast.Lesser flamingos, also scientifically known as Phoenicopterus minor, have been visiting the Mumbai coast and adjoining Thane creek, since 1990, but very little has been known about them.Annually thousands of flamingos fly from the Rann of Kutch region of Gujarat to the mudflats, which are their feeding ground and shelter to them. This year, they seem to have arrived a little late, however the wait was worth for, added Goenka.Apart from flamingos, many waders like the godwits, shanks, sandpipers, stints and gulls and black-headed ibises, egrets, herons and pied kingfishers were also observed along the Sewri mudflats.However, the flamingos and other wetland birds of Mumbai are facing a major threat due to loss of their habitats, the wetlands - mudflats and mangrove forests due to rampant reclamation and encroachment.The Thane creek area has been under considerable threat through urban development and road construction projects, pollution has resulted in changes to the water quality and habitat structure and condition.Since 2006, CAT along with the state forest department has been monitoring the flamingos in the creek and this year too it continues with its breathtaking venture. Another environmentalist of the NGO Vanashakti, D Stalin , said, This year the flamingos have arrived late in Mumbai. We have also spotted a few at Airoli, near Thane Creek. Actually, some of the flamingos at Sewri also fly towards Airoli and Vashi along Thane Creek for feeding purpose.''He added that since the mudflats of Uran in Navi Mumbai were vastly reclaimed from the purpose of building Navi Mumbai Special Economic Zone (NMSEZ), the birds are far and few in Uran, which was earlier known as bird paradise''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816038", "title": "Cong gets chance to adopt holier-than-thou attitude", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday said Karnataka's 'porngate' proved that BJP wanted to cover all facets of corruption, the moral transgression of its three ministers only complementing other examples from its stable.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said the principal opposition party had leaders like B S Yeddyurappa, Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank, Reddy brothers and Dilip Singh Judeo who covered aspects ranging from nepotism, financial corruption and even raising money to the level of God (reference to Judeo's remarks in an alleged bribe CD). \"The watching of porn inside assembly proves BJP wanted to present a complete face of corruption,\" he said.Alvi termed as unfortunate what happened in the Karnataka House, extending the controversy to slam BJP for its shifty stand on corruption. \"It has exposed BJP's real face,\" he said.The Congress spokesman faced tough queries on how Congress could claim a 'holier than thou' attitude after seeking help from veteran N D Tiwari in the Uttarakhand elections. Tiwari was ousted from AP Raj Bhawan after a CD featuring him in an alleged sex scandal surfaced in the state.However, he was part of the Congress campaign in the just-concluded elections in the hill state. Alvi parried the query by calling it a case of individuals voluntarily giving support to the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817235", "title": "Andhra top cop grilled in Sohrabuddin fake encounter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Deputy inspector general of Andhra Pradesh police N Balasubramanyam was questioned by CBI on Wednesday in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.This marks the start of investigation into the Hyderabad module of the encounter case. Since 2005, this part of the conspiracy was not probed by either CID (Crime) or CBI.Balasubramanyam was grilled on logistical support provided to the Gujarat cops who had abducted Sohrabuddin, his wife Kauserbi and Tulsiram Prajapati from Hyderabad right before staging the encounter in Ahmedabad.In 2005, the first one to reach Hyderabad was superintendent of police, Gujarat ATS, Rajkumar Pandian. A CBI officer said: \"Balasubramanyam had booked a room at the IPS officers' mess in Hyderabad for Pandian. He was then the superintendant of police of Prakasam district, posted at Ongole. Though Ongole is quite far from Hyderabad city, Balasubramanyam had gone out of the way to help Pandian. Though the two were not acquainted with each other, they had several conversations over their mobile phone right before the operation. This sequence of events suggests that there could be some other senior officials of Hyderabad police involved in the conspiracy.\"Prakasam police had provided logistical support to the Gujarat ATS team for abduction of the trio from an inter-state bus. \"Not just that, the Prakasam police team had also escorted Kauserbi, Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram to Gujarat,\" said CBI officials.On Wednesday, Balasubramanyam was asked by CBI officers who were the seven cops who had accompanied the Gujarat ATS team to Ahmedabad, right before the Sohrabuddin encounter.\"He was also questioned on who had asked him to help Gujarat police in this operation and what was the motive behind coming all the way to Ahmedabad,\" said CBI officials, adding that vital information has been collected during the questioning.Two days later, another Hyderabad cop - deputy superintendent of police, Ch Srinivas Rao, has been called for questioning by CBI. Rao was then an inspector posted at Rajendranagar police station in Cyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11817434", "title": "HUDA demolishes encroachments in Sec 7, Sec 27 Extn", "text": "GURGAON: The encroachments on the green belts in Sector 7 and Sector 7 Extension were demolished by HUDA on Wednesday. Residents had encroached upon the area by constructing boundary walls that had taken up a portion of the narrow roads.The officers were given special directions by the senior authorities to take a round of the colony and disallow encroachment on government land. The officers were told to go through the problem areas of the sector and sort out the issues at the earliest.The HUDA officers also undertook an anti-encroachment drive in the sector market. During the initiative, the shop owners were found flouting the rules and were directed to vacate the pavements for free passage. Many encroached pavements were cleared during the drive. Shop-owners were also told that an FIR would be lodged if they were found encroaching upon public land in the future.The vacant plots were used for dumping garbage and cow dung by the locals. The residents alleged that the filth had attracted mosquitoes and flies, posing a variety of health hazards.Even the parks were found to be in a poor condition. The officials were directed to beautify the parks of the sector at the earliest. According to residents, the parks have been in a dilapidated condition for several months now, with the authorities turning a blind to the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "11815337", "title": "Bimal Gurung threatens to burn GTA copy", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Mamata Banerjee's claim of sorting out the Hills issue, within three months of coming to power, received a fresh jolt on Wednesday after Bimal Gurung threatened to burn the agreement copy of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). At a meeting in Sibchu, the Gorkhaland Janmukti Morcha president said that if the GTA was not implemented by March 27, he would burn the copy on April 17.What's worse, the GJM chief hinted has given a strong hint that if the mouzas of Dooars and Terai are not included under the GTA, they would not accept it. Gurung's declaration came barely 48 hours ahead of the chief minister's scheduled visit to Siliguri to flag off the Uttar Banga Utsav.\"We did not demand GTA. It was the government who offered us the treaty. If it is not implemented by March 27, we will burn down the GTA agreement copy on April 17,\" Gurung said while addressing a meeting on the occasion of martyrs' day at Sibchu in Jalpaiguri district. It was on this day last year that three GJM supporters were killed in police firing.The party leadership has been demanding the inclusion of 198 mouzas from the Dooars and Terai in the proposed GTA for quite sometime now. Following this demand, the state government had constituted a high powered committee to decide on the issue. The committee is scheduled to hold a meeting on March 24.\"I have asked my men, who are members of the high powered committee, to walk out of the meeting if the committee denies including the mouzas of Dooars and Terai, which we have demanded,under the GTA,\" Gurung said, indicating that they are not going to accept anything that excludes parts of Dooars and Terai.Experts believe that by signing the GTA agreement hastily, the government is caught between two burning issues. If the mouzas, as demanded by the GJM, are not included under the GTA, GJM will not accept the treaty. And if it is included, the plains will rise up in protest.\"It will not be possible for the high powered committee to recommend inclusion of the mouzas of Dooars and Terai into the GTA. In that case, if GJM accepts the deal, it will lose its base in the plains,\" an observer said.The meeting was attended by expelled ABAVP leader John Barla. The Hills party is now trying to project him as the representative of the tribals living in the tea belt of Dooars and Terai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817169", "title": "Bhatkals hid near Batla after encounter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just months after the bloody encounter at Batla House in 2008, the Bhatkal brothers were holed up in Shaheen Bagh to breathe life into the battered terror outfit which they single-handedly built with help from jihad masters in Pakistan . And their hideout was the rented accommodation of IM co-founder Mohammad Tariq Anjum Hasan, who is now in police custody.Tariq's home is located just 2 km from Batla House - from where the IM's Azamgarh module led by Atif Ameen was busted in an encounter with the special cell. This shocking revelation by Tariq has sent alarm bells ringing. Questions are being raised on how the intelligence apparatus failed to nab the Bhatkal brothers even as they were within sniffing distance from ground zero.\"During interrogation, Tariq told us that the Bhatkal brothers had travelled to Delhi and stayed at his home for more than two months to re-establish contacts with cadres and enrol recruits,\" said a police officer. Tariq was recently arrested from Bihar.\"Tahir told us that it was at Shaheen Bagh that Bhatkals also met other wanted IM activists and hammered out a blueprint to fund terror. They decided to invest in property on the city's fringes and use the Meer Vihar facility to produce weapons,\" said an officer.According to sources, Bhatkal brothers began the reorganization work as early as December 2008, two months after the setback. \"It was in early 2009 that Iqbal Bhatkal left India. There are claims that he returned twice and once even to the capital to conduct recces. We know he had been staying in various places in Araria in Bihar before slipping into Nepal. We have enough evidence to suggest that IM pointsman Shahrukh extensively travelled to Bihar and Nepal. TOI has already highlighted how Shahrukh went about luring youngsters into the IM fold,\" said an officer.Sources said Shahrukh took care not to talk to the Bhatkals on phone as he feared he would be tracked down. He would keep in touch through e-mail. However, when in Nepal , police have found him using the mobile to talk to Bhatkals. IM then ploughed in hawala money to strengthen the organization in Sitamarhi, Araria, Darbhanga and Madhubani.As early as 2004, investigators say, core members of the network, met at Riyaz Bhatkal's hideout Jolly Beach to discuss plans and put their most loyal lieutenant, Shahrukh, at the helm of India operations.Sources also say just as the brothers had trusted Sharukh, the lieutenant trusted Gauhar Aziz Khomani, the man who has been nabbed by the Delhi police special cell. Though never seen at the front, Gauhar has been charged with planning the conspiracy, providing logistical support across the country for IM operatives. Gauhar had met Shahrukh for the first time in 2003 where he was sounded out by the Indian Mujahideen brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816536", "title": "Minimum temperature drops by 2.5 deg C, may fall further", "text": "PUNE: After a week of warmer weather, temperatures in the city have gone down noticeably, setting off a fresh spell of colder days and nights.The minimum temperature, which was 13.2 deg C on Tuesday, two degrees above the normal mark, dropped to 10.7 degrees Celsius on Wednesday and is expected to fall further in the next two days, said Sunita Devi, director (weather central) at the India Meteorological Department ( IMD).The day temperature dropped 2 degrees below normal to 29.3 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. On Tuesday the maximum temperature was 31.8 degrees Celsius.For the last week, day temperatures had remained 2 degrees above normal, hovering around 31 to 32 degrees Celsius. It touched 32.8 degrees Celsius on February 6.\"The drop in night temperature is due to the intrusion of north-westerly winds that are bringing cold and dry air. We have very dry atmosphere in the lower troposphere and a lot of cooling in the night is taking place because of the lack of moisture,\" said Devi. \"We expect this pattern to continue for the next couple of days when the night temperatures will go down further.\"Referring to the drop in the day temperatures, Devi said, \"The presence of high clouds are partly blocking the incoming solar radiation. This, combined with the cold and dry north-westerlies is bringing down the day temperatures.\"The IMD's all-India weather summary stated on Wednesday that a western disturbance prevails over the eastern parts of Jammu and Kashmir. Similarly, a trough exists in the mid and upper tropospheric westerlies. These systems are expected to move east-northeastwards.Night temperatures were appreciably below normal, i.e. a difference of 3 to 4 degrees Celsius from normal, in some parts of the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre. The same were below normal, i.e. a difference of 2 degrees Celsius, in the remaining parts of this belt.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature at 8.4 degrees Celsius (-3), while Jalgaon recorded 10.2 degrees Celsius (-4) and Ahmednagar 12.3 degrees Celsius (-3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817830", "title": "Music concert at Panaji", "text": "Kala Academy, Panaji, along with the William Joseph Music Foundation, Bangalore, will organize a global peace and harmony concert on February 13, at 7pm. The concert will pay tribute to Padma Vibhushan late Mario Miranda .The concert will be conducted by Ashley Williams . Admission to the concert is through invitation passes which will be available at the Kala Academy's security counter.Inter-collegiate festival 'Psygnus 2012': The Abbe Faria post graduate department of psychology, St Xavier's College of arts, science and commerce, Mapusa, will orgnanize an inter-collegiate festival 'Psygnus 2012', on February 15 from 9am onwards.The intercollegiate festival is open to all colleges and it includes the following events: lifeline, blindart, theatrix, alterego, twister, happy feet, psygnus times. A college team should comprise eight students and should be accompanied by one teacher. For more information contact Tina D'Cunha (Ph: 9423889408) or email at .Gond art expo, workshop: Gallery Gitanjali, Panaji, will host an exhibition of Gond Art entitled 'Painted Stories', featuring works of Gond artists Rajendra Shyam, Durga Bai, Subhash Vyam, Suresh Durve, Ramesh, Manoj Tekam and Santosh Maravi.The exhibition will be held from February 22 to 29. The exhibition will also provide an unique opportunity to understand Gond art patterns, the artists, their unique styles and the inspiration for each of their signature patterns, besides a complete hands-on experience of making artworks, states a press release.Workshops will be held for adults on February 25 and 26, from 9.30am to 1.30pm; and for children from 2.30pm to 6.30pm on February 25. For details call on 9823572035.TB health visitors course: The TB health visitor's course conducted by The Tuberculosis association of India will commence from July 1 at the New Delhi TB centre, New Delhi. The nine-month course will include both theoretical and practical training.The minimum qualification for admission to this course is 10+2 with science (Biology group). The maximum age limit is 28 years as on July 1 2012. Relaxation of age for candidates working in government institutions may be permitted by the selection committee.Applications forms and other necessary information are available at the Tuberculosis Association of Goa office, Nizari Bhavan, Menezes Braganza road, Panaji. For more details call on 2434673.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11797537", "title": "Valentine's Day: Rose Day on demand as love was in the air", "text": "RANCHI: Red depicts love, yellow is for friendship, pink for happiness, white for pure love and orange for desire - roses of various colours were on demand as love was in the air in the Capital on Tuesday - the first day of the Valentine's week. Youths were seen buying roses on the 'Rose Day'.So the price of roses has suddenly doubled. A rose flower, which was available for Rs 10 a stick on normal days, sold at Rs 20 on 'Rose day'.Anand, a flower seller, said, \"Over 200 people have bought roses since morning. For this special occasion, we have brought roses from Kolkata for this week. Red roses are mostly in demand, but people are also buying yellow and pink roses.\"Another flower seller Chhotu said, \"The prices will be even higher on February 14 - Valentine's Day. It will shoot up to Rs 40 that day.\"Each day of the Valentine's week is dedicated to something related to love. The gift shops and bakeries have all geared up for the week. Heart-shaped soft toys, musical teddy bears and chocolate boxes adore the showcases of every gift shop. Neeraj, owner of a gift shop, said, \"Soft toys range from Rs 100 to Rs 1000. The teddy bears range from Rs 250 to Rs 2000 depending on the size and quality.\"The bakeries have also made preparations for the 'V day' by baking various heart-shaped cakes and cookies. Some bakeries are also making home deliveries on demand. Rajesh, a bakery owner, said, \"We are even doing home delivery to nearby areas as the occasion calls for it.\"People of every age group are excited about the Valentine's Day. Monica, a middle-aged woman, said, \"It has been 10 years of my marriage but Valentine's Day rejuvenates our love.\"Some people say the day is not just for couples but also for friends and family. \"It is a day to express your love. It can be love for anyone,\" said Radhika, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817567", "title": "Rose Garden to twinkle at night", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Rose Garden in Chandigarh, which is the biggest in Asia, is set to get a fresh lease of life. As a part of the project \"Chandigarh by night\" taken up by Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) faculty members and students, six bridges located in the garden will soon be illuminated.Aimed at boosting night tourism in the city, this collaborative effort of eight students of Bachelors of Architecture eighth semester and CITCO is currently at execution stage. The side of the garden facing Jan Marg will be illuminated the most.\"The specifications of the project have already been worked out. Tourists at times find it tough to visit prominent places, including the Rose Garden, during late evening hours. Illuminating different corners will make the place more vibrant,\" said CCA principal Pradeep Kumar Bhagat.\"The place will not just be illuminateda?\u00a6 utmost care is also being taken to preserve the garden's flora. The illumination is being done in a manner that it does not affect those areas of the garden where clusters of trees or flower-beds are,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814845", "title": "Parking woes, rising crime plague residents", "text": "NASHIK: Despite being one of the posh neighbourhoods in Nashik, Gangapur Road has its share of slums, as well as a host of problems ranging from the mosquito menace and sewage disposal issues to traffic and parking woes.The ward includes areas as diverse as Rathi Amrai, Mangal Nagar, Kala Nagar, police HQ, Gole Colony and Pandit Colony, apart from the residential areas around the BSNL office, Dongre Grounds and KTHM College. The needs of the voters are as varied as their economic status.Residents of Malhar Khan slum are fairly vocal while demanding their rights, but have become so accustomed to some problems that they don't notice them anymore. When asked about the broken sewage pipes, residents say it is normal. \"Broken sewage pipes or mosquitoes do not bother us. We don't even mind that there is no good school in our area. All we want as of now is the house tax in our names. We have been staying here for decades. The water and light connections are in our name. But the NMC doesn't recognize us for the purpose of house tax. Leaders come and go, but this issue has never been resolved,\" said Surekha Bukane, who runs a small shop in the slum.Residents of Pandit Colony, however, seem pretty satisfied about the amenities they have. Most residents said that civic facilities were not a problem in Gole Colony or Pandit Colony. The only grouse the residents have is the parking. Since several shops have been set up in the area, there is hardly any room on the road for vehicles or pedestrians. Former deputy mayor Ajay Boraste says the issue can be resolved by making some routes one-way streets and allowing parking on other roads on alternate days.On the issue of slumdwellers, Boraste said that instead of rehabilitating the slumdwellers, the slums should be developed on the lines of SRA. Incidents of chain-snatching and burglary are also on the rise. The demand for public lavatories in the slum is also pending since many years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817335", "title": "High mast lamps at major junctions", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Corporation is going to light up all the important junctions in the city. High mast lamps loaded with six sodium vapour lamps will be installed at around 12 main junctions.Corporation has called for eligible tenders to implement the scheme. High mast lamps were earlier installed by the civic body at Sasthamangalam and Vellayambalam. In addition, TRDCL had also installed high mast lamps at Chackai, Palayam, Kowdiar, Panavila, Statue junction and Pazhavangadi.The corporation will convene a meeting with the officials of Road Fund Board to finalize the places for these lamps. \"The Road Fund Board has installed lamps at certain junctions through TRDCL. The corporation will place lamps in all other junctions. The list can be finalized only after the meeting. We are looking at installing lamps in at least 10 junctions,\" said deputy mayor Happy Kumar.The project will be implemented at a cost of Rs 30 lakh. A high mast lamp is expected to cost between Rs 3 to 4 lakh. Major junctions will have lamps with a power of 30 lumens. These lamps will be mounted on poles measuring nine to 18 metres.The design for these will be submitted by various agencies and will be checked with the help of a photo meter. High capacity lamps will be installed at junctions in case the present lamps do not have the desired reach.V S Padmakumar, chairman works standing committee said that the project will be implemented in all the important junctions within two months. The project was envisaged during the tenure of the previous corporation council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817545", "title": "Traffic to hit a dead end in Sec-11 market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The busy Sector 11 market is set to be a test case for getting rid of maddening traffic and promoting pedestrian paradigm with a 'cul-de-sac' (dead-end street). Like Sector 17 plaza, this market too will have a pedestrian area in front of the showrooms, keeping cars away, and an underground parking lot below the stretch.If successful, the model will be replicated in the markets of other sectors where finding a parking space is fast becoming impossible.UT architecture department is working out details of the project, which will be implemented shortly. The V4 road (meandering shopping streets) will be closed on both sides in front of the busy Sector 11 shopping area, providing vehicular entry only to owners of houses abutting the road. \"Earlier, a road used to pass in front of Neelam Cinema in Sector 17 and the area was not a part of the pedestrian plaza. As a test case, Sector 11 market too will be made traffic-free, and other congested areas like Sector 19 can be next in the line,\" said a member of the committee that mooted the idea.It has been decided that the plan can be replicated elsewhere only after getting feedback from people. However, \"it may not be possible to divert the V4 road in all sectors\", experts have observed, adding that \"the change in the neighbourhood shopping concept and the V4 roads turning into busy thoroughfares have necessitated such steps to make pedestrian zones\".Master architect Le Corbusier's dream of making Chandigarh Pedestrian and Bicycle City has not been fully implemented, UT has admitted in its original draft master plan, adding that steps will now be taken to realize it.\"The original plan of V7 roads (footpaths and cycle lanes), which was later amended with dedicated cycle tracks (V8), has not been implemented fully. Surveys of the existing locations have been done by the chief engineer and a final proposal is being worked out,\" reads the document.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11817613", "title": "Groom's father killed in road accident", "text": "SIRSA: Celebrations turned into gloom when a man died in the road accident while on way to give invitation cards of son's marriage, here, on Wednesday afternoon.The incident took place when Jagraj Singh, 50 years, was on way to Jiwan Nagar from his residence in Kussar village of the district to give wedding cards of his son, whose marriage was fixed for Friday.Enquiries revealed that as Jagraj, who was riding a motorcycle reached Keharwala village on the outskirts of Jiwan Nagar, a speeding car coming from the opposite side rammed into his vehicle, leaving him unconscious in a pool of blood.Passerby, informed the police, who rushed him to a local general hospital, where the doctors declared him brought dead. The investigation officer, inspector Praveen Kumar, said, \"A case has been registered against the car driver. The police started investigation into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817933", "title": "Showers disrupt power supply", "text": "KANPUR: Power supply remained disrupted on Tuesday evening. Heavy rain led to snapping of wires and caused fault in the underground power cables. There was no power in several areas. The Kesco staff had a tough time in locating the faults. It also resulted in the disruption of water supply.The entire city remained affected. The worst affected were the localities of Kanpur south. In Saket Nagar, Usmanpur, Gaushala, Gulmohar Vihar and various adjoining localities, there was no power till 4pm on Wednesday.The residents made repeated complaints. In the absence of the water, people could not perform their daily chores.The power was restored at 12.45 pm. But exactly at 1 pm, rostering was done and power was restored at 4 pm.Kesco official AKS Chauhan said that some faults had taken place due to rain which caused problems.In Barra Vishwa Bank Colony, a tree fell on the power cables which led to the disruption in supply.There was power rostering for over four hours on Monday also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11817453", "title": "For him, writing is more about substance than style", "text": "DUGRI: Sarbjeet Singh of Dugri is one man who believes more in content and substance than style. That is why a few months ago when he published his book, \" Sukhan Di Mani\", he did not indulge in any show-offs, events or promotional functions, as he feels if the content of the book is good, it doesn't need any promotion.Now he is receiving a number of calls from all over the world in praise of his book, so much so that now he is distributing this book free of cost, especially in Punjab. Till date, over 60,000 books have been distributed.The book has been published in three languages, Punjabi, Hindi and English. It is in the form of question-answers from the scripture of 5th Sikh Guru Arjun Dev ji with the theme that God is the source of all virtues and the best religion is to meditate god's name and do good deeds.He said his book's sale picked up after many writers wrote a good review of it. After reading those reviews, people are calling him and demanding the book and all this is happening without any promotion.Sarbjeet said he had read a study that stated that now a day's books on self introspection and self development are preferred the readers and is book also falls under the same category.A doctorate in journalism , Sarbjeet has written 17 books on theology, drugs, drug counselling and media, all of which were well appreciated by readers. He said his only objective is to aware the society through his works and to a large extent, he feels he has been successful in his efforts.Forty seven-year-old Sarbjeet worked a lot for eradication of drug abuse in the state and had been associated with the United Nation international drug programme for long. He said people today are forgetting the right way of living life and wasting it under the influence of materialism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11815754", "title": "Don't stress them out, it's not worth it", "text": "BANGALORE: When the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) introduced the concept of an optional board exam in 2011, not many in the city took a chance and most ended up taking it. Stake holders said it's because it was the maiden year. But another spring has gone and Chennai region is still stuck with its obsession for exams. Probably because in our education system, exams still remain the basic parameter to assess a child's capabilities.According to the information provided by the regional office in Chennai, the total number of students taking the Class 10 exam in the region in 2012 is 1.52 lakh. Of them, only 55,352 have opted for the school-based exam. Which implies that two-thirds (96,972) are still appearing for the board exam.\"It's only the second year and parents need more time to soak in the idea of an education system without exams. Students also have more options to pursue Class 11 if they appear for the boards. The whole idea of CBSE introducing optional exams was to make it stress-free. However, it has yet not started reflecting it,\" said Mansoor Ali Khan, general secretary, Management of Independent CBSE Schools Association.(Chennai region has around 970 schools of the total 6,300-odd schools affiliated to CBSE covering Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Goa, Puducherry, Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Daman and Diu.)The new age thinking is that exams alone cannot determine the potential of a student. \"We have studied the question paper pattern in five states and have realized that 75%-80% questions test only the memory power. There's very little application skills, scientific temper or creative thinking that are tested,\" said Dileep Ranjekar, CEO, Azim Premji Foundation.There is no denial that in the current education system, exam marks remain the stepping stone for a child's academic pursuits. Therefore, the expectations of parents soar and schools dream of a 100% pass. But experts say that children should be given a free hand in the way they want to prepare for the exam.\"A child should not be nagged for a better academic performance. Academic report card can never be a parameter for a child's capabilities. You can force your child into getting all 'A's, but the child may still flunk in life later,\" said Meera Ravi, family counsellor.\"Exams are important, but parents today are so obsessed with an excellent academic score card that knowingly or unknowingly they become unapproachable. A child is left alone to tackle the pressure. An amicable environment should be created at home and a non-verbal signal should be passed on to the child, so that the child could share his or her worries,\" said Meera.Agreed Swarnalatha Iyer, consultant psychologist. \"A bad performance in exam is not the end of the world. There are greater battles to be won. No child plans or wants to fail in any exam. The least parents can do is create a healthy home environment, where everybody is not talking only about the exam and performance.\"Every exam is an excellent opportunity to reexamine oneself and realize one's interests. \"There are so many opportunities out there. What is required is to become what he is cut out for. There is no point in becoming a doctor or an engineer and remaining unproductive,\" said MS Thimmappa, former vice-chancellor, Bangalore University.Exam is no monster, but a part of the learning process. Just do your best.Watch outIf your child is exhibiting any of the following symptoms, it means he or she is depressed and under performance pressure.* Child sleeps constantly and is always fatigued* Faces difficulty with eating* Has no interest in activities that he or she loved to do* Is watching television and is on social-networking sites more* Is moody and withdraws from family* Is irritable and snaps back", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11816331", "title": "Gadkari promises Ram Raj in UP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Development and law and order are the two main issues in the Assembly elections and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) would usher in Ram Raj if it gains power in the state, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari stated while talking to newspersons during his visit to the city on Wednesday.Stating that all the four pillars of democracy were attacked under Mulayam Singh Yadav's rule, Gadkari said that lawlessness (gunda gardi) was rampant under SP's rule while corruption is the cornerstone of Mayawati government. Only the BJP is committed to provide a clean and stable government in the state.Questioning the rationale behind SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's promise of providing jobs to rape victims, he said that instead of this, the perpetrators of the crime should get strict punishment.Exhorting the voters to free themselves from the corruptionridden government in the state, Gadkari said that they should decide whom to vote for corruption-free governance.Taking a dig at the Congress party's promise of providing reservation to Muslims, the BJP president said that by doing so the party would hurt the interest of OBCs, given the fact that the promise of 4.5 per cent quota would eat into the existing quota of OBCs.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817629", "title": "Boyfriend turns fiend, rapes drugged teen through night", "text": "CHENNAI: Five college students who devised and executed a detailed plan to rape a 19-year-old woman, a girlfriend of one of the youths, have been arrested. The woman has been admitted to a government hospital.On Sunday night, K Sivanandan, a hotel management student, took his girlfriend Menaka (name changed) to his friend M Arvind Santhosh's house, saying his friend was unwell, police said quoting the woman's statement from the hospital bed. According to Menaka's statement, she was shocked to see Santhosh drinking alcohol with three other friends there. One of his friends, N Deepan Kumar, forced her to have a drink which, she later realised, was spiked. As she was losing consciousness, Kumar took her to a bedroom, where she was raped by the five friends. Police said they kept giving her alcohol through the night to prevent her from regaining senses.When she did not regain consciousness on Monday morning, police said, they panicked and took her to a private hospital run by Santhosh's father in Pallavaram. Doctors there treated her and later the youths shifted her to another private hospital. Meanwhile, Menaka's mother, who lives alone after her husband's death a few years ago, called up Sivanandan asking why her daughter had not returned home.He told her that her daughter was unwell and was admitted to a private hospital. Soon, Sivanandan and Kumar brought Menaka to her house in an auto. When Menaka regained her memory on Monday evening, she informed her mother about incidents. Her mother took her to a government hospital in Chromepet which referred her to a the Government Maternity Hospital in Egmore. Doctors there found signs of rape and called police.Police arrested Sivanandan and his friends Santhosh (19), a first year engineering student; Hariharan (19), a first year polytechnic student near Vandalur; and Kumar (18), a first year BTech student near Tambaram. Police have launched a hunt for Navin (19), a first year engineering student of a college in Kattankolathur.Police said, Sivanandan and Menaka were classmates in school. After high school, Menaka went to work in a supermarket, while Sivanandan joined a hotel management institute. \"As Menaka's family knew Sivanandan well, they didn't restrict him visiting their house. Taking advantage, Sivanandan and his friends devised the plan,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "sonbhadra", "code": "11816248", "title": "Tribals blow bugle for justice", "text": "Sonbhadra: \"Idhar se police va van vibhag ka jaana varjit hai (The entry of police and forest department personnel is prohibited from this side).\" The signboard on the road leading to Kodvania village on UPJharkhand border is not just a token protest of a disgruntled group put up during election.The road not only marks the beginning of the end of the Naxalism in the region but is also the symbol of self-respect of about five lakh forest dwellers, who have been suppressed for ages and are still fighting for their rights, even 65 years after Independence. The foundation of the dusty road paved with rocky bricks was laid on August 1, 2007, when nearly 100 tribal families acquired (in local parlance 'dakhal' meaning reclaim) over 250 acres of forest land and started cooperative farming. In the ensuing crack down by the authorities, many forest dwellers were arrested.Some were labelled as Naxal sympathisers and booked under the National Security Act (NSA). But the incident triggered a chain-reaction and within few months tribals took over more than 20,000 acres of the forest land in around 25 villages of Sonbhadra. The unique part was that women led the entire movement.\"In retaliation, our houses were plundered, people brutally beaten and even women were sent to jail,\"recalled 50-year-old Sukano, leader of the Kaimur Khetra (will it be kshetra?) Majdoor Kisan Mahila Sangharsh Samiti (KKMKMSS), an association of tribals and communities dependent on forest for livelihood.\"As the news of our struggle reached Lucknow, Mayawati government ordered a probe and we were released but cases against us are still pending,\" said Lalti, another KKMKMSS leader. \"We constructed the kuchha road and put the signboard as a mark of protest and to welcome our leaders who were released from the jail,\" she added. The women here openly say that police atrocities were maximum during Rajnath (BJP rule); Mulayam (SP) regime saw mafia dominance and corruption ruled during Maya (BSP) raj.Now, with assembly election round the corner, these women have announced that their vote will go to the contestant who they feel will help them get justice. By justice, they mean individual and community rights on forest land and its produce as provided in the Forest Rights Act (FRA) 2006 and withdrawal of criminal cases filed against them during agitations. Be it newly wedded 18-year-old Kunti or Dulari (50), grandmother of ten - almost the entire Kodvania village is facing charges which include illegal tree cutting, encroachment, threatening and assaulting forest personnel and obstructing government work among others.\"Corruption, police atrocities and mafia-government officers nexus has been part of all the regimes with some degree of difference in the prevalence rate under various governments. We have heard that 352 Mahamaya houses for our area were sanctioned but only 100 have been built, nobody knows what happened to the rest. Schools are there but no teaching. Roads are in bad shape. The nearest health centre is 50 km away. We have to pay bribe for everything -be it BPL card or widow pension or Janani Suraksha Yojana. The only difference is that forest dwellers have awakened and demanding their rights,\" said Lal Shah (40) of Kurwa village.Indeed, from Kodvania to Derma, and Kurwa villages at one corner of the district to Joru, Khad and Bomnagar on the other, the common refrain is \"why should we work for others as labourers when we have land of our own\". Everywhere, forest dwellers have occupied 200-500 acres of arable forest land in which they grow pulses, mustard and vegetables etc. The produce is shared by all. But it is sufficient only for daily needs. They still live below poverty line. \"If we get rights to use forest produce such as bamboo and tendu leaves as promised in the FRA, it would give us enough for a decent life,\" said 30-year old Phulbasia in Son Nagar village. Sonbhadra is home to 16 scheduled tribes and has the highest tribal population in UP. The tribes are Agariya, Chero, Gond, Dhuriya, Nayak, Ojha, Rajgode, Khairwar, Kharwar, Pankha, Panika, Parahiya, Bhuiya, Bhuniya, Pathari and Baiga. These tribes are entitled to maximum four hectares of land under the FRA.In the traditional forest communities come dalits and backward classes which are dependent on the forest. They have to prove that they were residing in the forest for 75 years for individual and community rights. So far, only around 10,000 tribal families have got land titles in the district. Other forest dwellers have got nothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815438", "title": "'Europe's auto hub' keen to invest in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Bavaria, the German state commonly called Europe's automobile hub, is keen to invest in Bengal's automobile sector.This has assumed significance after the exit of Tata Motors from Bengal in October 2008. A 27-member Bavarian parliamentary delegation met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee on Wednesday. They had an hour's meeting with Chatterjee along with industry secretary Basudeb Banerjee and WBIDC MD Nandini Chakraborty.The commerce and industries minister said the German state has expressed interest to invest in Bengal. Incidentally, Bavaria is the headquarters of automobile-makers BMW , Volkswagen and Audi . Other big companies like Siemens , Allianz, Munich Re , Continental, Adidas , Puma are based in Bavaria as well.\"They want to know what kind of investment Bavaria can make. We know that it is strong in automobiles, auto ancillaries and industrial clusters. We have sought their help in developing an auto industry here,\" he said.Chatterjee said a Bavarian delegation has invited him to visit the German state. \"If we get a formal invitation, we shall consider it. They can help us make logistic hubs along with auto-related industries,\" he added.Chatterjee pointed out that a Bavarian delegation has expressed interest in investing in biotech and solar energy , too. \"We told them that Bengal has cheap and skilled manpower which they could utilize,\" he added.WBIDC managing director Nandini Chakraborty later added that key members of the delegation have assured that they would talk to industries in Bavaria for investment in Bengal. \"In fact, the Bavarian delegation was keen to discuss about industry and sought appointments for it,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820645", "title": "Management Must-knows", "text": "V K Menon, senior director - careers, admissions and financial aid at the ISB, speaks with Ruchi Chopda about importance of selecting the right role post the completion of one's management studiesQ-In spite of forecasts that the Indian economy will grow at 7% this fiscal year, why do MBA students still want to pursue jobs overseas?The view from ISB is slightly different. Probably, it is tinged by the fact that students here come with prior experience. Our average experience is of five years and biased by the fact that about 35 to 40 per cent have been working abroad, so that foreign fixation is not too strong. The focus is on the role. When it comes to careers, what students and we look at, is in terms of a globalised world, hence the role becomes important. Take any of the premium Indian companies, they can have a role, the role could be in India or abroad and as the student actually joins that particular role, he/ she thinks about joining a premium company in that sector. Then he/ she is not fussed about working in India or abroad. That is the trend most common out here. I dont think youll find too many students who are very keen or desperate to go abroad. Even if that category does exist, it will be a very small percentage. But the indifferent category will be very high. Indifferent means that it does not matter whether the role is abroad or in India so long as it is the right role. The focus is on the career because these guys are not at a mid-career stage but a quarter career one. They have done five years of work and want to work on something new. So, they do not mind going abroad or working in India depending on the role they get.Q- What is the approximate ratio of ISB graduates wanting to go abroad and staying back in India?Last year, we had about 80 global offers with another 20 Indian offers with jobs abroad. Out of that, about 60 percent accepted these jobs and 40 percent rejected them in favour of the Indian companies.Q- In a scenario where most economies are reeling under the financial crisis, how wise would are the aspirations of MBA students wanting to go abroad?Its a counter-intuitive phenomena; the pull for premium graduates from ISB in the global markets is going to increase significantly. That trend is very clear in terms of the number of companies that are coming in. The confusion arises when you try to merge the macro-phenomena with the micro-activity that some country maybe doing good or bad, but the requirement for premium graduates from a few companies in the country could be high. That is the category which is recruiting. If you look at aggregation of demand from a school like ISB, you would see rapid growth in the segment. Also, in a downtrend, the demand for talent goes up because companies want to nurture the best talent. So, the category of right talent is not impacted by the global scenario as it is too large a thing to superimpose on such a thing. And when you talk of countries influencing another country, there are different norms when it comes to procedural activities such as visa norms, work permits, etc which are the limiting factors.Q- Where does India lack in retaining its talent pool? What can be done about the same?From my limited experience at ISB, I do not think this is true. As I mentioned earlier, about 40 percent of the students are doing reverse bending. These students, who were working in the global markets, are coming into India via ISB. So, ISB is not seeing the reverse phenomena in a big way. It is a neutral phenomenon. In a premium institution, it is completely dependent on the kind of job the students get.Q- What are the things graduates need to keep in mind while deciding on their country of employment post graduation?First thing to consider is the role that is on offer. Second, whether you fit the role. Third is the procedure of the company and fourth are the macro policies of the country - work permits, visas, regulations, government policies etc.Q- How about job security?If all the above criteria are met, you dont have to worry about job security. In fact, you will outshine a lot of others and progress rapidly. It is about how you fit in the structure rather than the structure fitting you.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817734", "title": "Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to campaign in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress party that witnessed much disquiet in the last few weeks over NMC polls with some leaders and aspirants even trading charges and fisticuffs, finally settled down to plan its campaign strategy.With only a week left to canvass for votes, a meeting of all official nominees with senior party leaders was held on Wednesday afternoon.City Congress unit president Jaiprakash Gupta, who presided over the meeting held at a lawn in Khare Town, announced that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be campaigning in the city on Saturday. He will address a series of meetings- at least six- at various locations across the city for Congress candidates.On Monday, it will be the turn of Union science and technology minister and former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh. He will also address half-a-dozen meetings in the city.\"Around 100 candidates of Congress and nine of the Lokmanch were present for the briefing in which AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar, Satish Chaturvedi, EGS minister Nitin Raut, minister of state Rajendra Mulak guided the candidates,\" said Gupta. Former minister Anees Ahmed who had gone to Wadvihira in Narkhed to attend cremation of Mandatai, mother of food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, reached late. South Nagpur MLA Dinanth Padole and leader of opposition in civic house Vikas Thakre were also present.Addressing the meeting, Muttemwar apologized to all aspirants who were denied party ticket. \"Some 1600 hopefuls and only 100 tickets, the choice was very difficult but we tried our best with party interests and winnability as criteria,\" said Muttemwar. \"So, those who got the ticket have the responsibility of keeping intact the faith reposed in them by the party,\" he stressed. The city MP exhorted the candidates to present themselves with confidence in the polls. \"Expose the misdeeds, the corruption indulged in by the BJP-led coalition in the last five years,\" he said. RPI's Sadanand Fulzele and Dalit Panthers' Prakash Ramteke also addressed the meeting.Gupta said location of the CM and Deshmukh's meetings were being worked out.Vilasrao back in his 'dream city'Nagpur: Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh will be campaigning in the city in the municipal corporation elections after a gap of a decade. In 2002 civic elections, as the then state chief minister, he was the star campaigner and had won hearts here by stating that Nagpur was his dream city and he would spare no effort to develop it.Apparently with IRDP work completed under his stewardship, Nagpur at that time could boast of new, well laid-out , broad roads that transformed the looks of the city. Much has changed in the last one decade and things do not look that rosy. Interestingly, in 2007 though he was the chief minister, Vilasrao skipped Nagpur during NMC elections. Probably the wide rift among local leaders and the party's inability to unite them was the reason. Now, with his close associate Vilas Muttemwar tasked with steering the NMC poll campaign and the desperation shown by the party in wresting power from BJP-led coalition seem to have brought Deshmukh back here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11816924", "title": "Krishna meets Yiwu\u2019s Indians, assures help", "text": "BEIJING: External affairs minister S M Krishna on Wednesday met two Indian traders who were ill-treated in eastern China's Yiwu city recently, after raising the issue with his Chinese counterpart, Yang Jiechi .\"I empathize with them regarding their traumatic experience and I raised the matter with my Chinese counterpart,\" said Krishna, who was in Beijing to inaugurate a new Indian embassy building. He assured the traders that the Indian mission would continue to provide them assistance.Chinese businessmen had abducted and tortured the two - Shayam Sunder Agarwal and Deepak Raheja - after a dispute over non-payment of dues. The Indian government has arranged lawyers and provided legal aid to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815575", "title": "Ambulance shortage to end soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The shortage of ambulances in the city is likely to end soon as the government has approved the purchase of 70 new vehicles. The decision was taken in a meeting chaired by health minister AK Walia on Wednesday. The minister told TOI that the new ambulances are being purchased from funds released by the Central government under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).\"The ambulances are being purchased at government approved rates,\" he added. At present, there are less than 40 ambulance vehicles run by the state under Centralised Accident and Trauma Services (CATS). This includes 31 factory-built ambulances - 21 advanced life support ( ALS) and 10 basic life support (BLS) ambulances - purchased during Commonwealth Games.The Delhi government had earlier scrapped a deal with the Fortis Group to procure 150 new ambulances citing technical shortcomings.\"We are also going to buy 50 Euro IV compliant BLS ambulances soon. The 70 being purchased under the NRHM scheme are simple patient transfer vehicles,\" Walia said.Senior health officials said once the new ambulances are delivered, planning will be done to station them for maximum utilization. A recent study conducted by AIIMS showed that the government-run CATS ambulance fleet refused 28% calls received monthly between June 2009 and May 2010 due to non-availability of ambulances. Of the 70,768 calls received during this period, only 51,124 could be attended.The average response time, from receiving a call to reaching the site, was also found to be 10 minutes (approximately), which is significantly higher than the internationally accepted norm of eight minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "datavali (etawah)", "code": "11817982", "title": "Beating Chugalchi's grave with shoes for success in polls", "text": "DATAVALI (ETAWAH): Located on Etawah-Farrukhabad road, 'Chugalchi Ka Maqbara' in Datavali village of Etawah district is buzzing with activities these days. Political candidates are thronging the tomb of courtier Bholu Sayeed. According to folklore, he was responsible for a clash between two rulers that left a trail of death and destruction some 500 years ago.Rashtriya Nirman Dal candidate Rajendra Prajapati, contesting from Etawah Sadar seat, chose to start his poll campaign on an auspicious note by visiting 'Chugalchi Ka Maqbara' and beating the grave of Bholu Sayeed with his shoes and praying for victory. \"Legend has it that if anyone wants to get hit in life, just hit the grave of Bholu Sayeed with shoe or slipper five times and pray to ward off bad luck,\" says Prajapati. \"Election or no election, whenever I get time, I try to visit this tomb to offer prayers and seek blessings of Bholu Sayeed,\" he says further.\"The tomb is thronged even by travellers from far off places, who stop here to seek blessings from the Chugalchi (slanderer),\" says Naresh, a follower of Prajapati.Waseem, a local, was also witnessed in a queue for his turn to hit 500-year-old tomb. \"I have come here to pray for my leader's victory in the Assembly election,\" he explains. Waseem believes that beating the grave five times will protect his leader from evil influences.Situated at a distance of 3 kms from Etawah district headquarters, the tomb is in a dilapidated state. \"Visitors come here to worship Chugalchi. And in my entire life, I have never seen anyone burning incense sticks or offering flowers or 'chadars'. As per the folklore, they just beat the grave with shoes or slippers and pray for making his/her wish come true,\" says Panchbahadur Singh of Hariharpura, bordering the village of Datavali. Chugalchi ka Maqbara has no caretaker. \"We have been only hearing but no one exactly knows how the practice originated,\" says a villager Ishwar Dayal.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814892", "title": "Rappelling is child's play for this Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "NASHIK: On Sunday, six-year-old Prithviraj Chavan made rappelling seem like child's play as he skillfully descended down a 70-foot rock at Anjaneri with confidence and enthusiasm. The activity had been organized to provide basic training in rock climbing and Prithviraj was the youngest of the participants.\"I am not afraid of heights. I climbed the rock twice and rappelled three times,\" said Prithviraj, a senior KG student. He said he has been into adventure sports since he was 5. \"I want to be in the Indian army when I grow up,\" the youngster said.Trainer Dayanand Koli said that Prithviraj was fearless and more than eager to try rappelling. He waited for the entire group of 15 to complete and then attempted it two more times, said Koli.The oldest in the group was 77-year-old Prabhakar Patil, who was part of the organizers, Vaineteya Giriarohan Giribhraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817738", "title": "Taleigao locals catch 3 boys for robbing security guard", "text": "PANAJI: Three boys were caught in Taleigao by people when they tried to escape after stealing a security guard's mobile and wallet on Tuesday night. They were then handed over to the Panaji police.Bharat Gogoi in his complaint to the police said that he was returning home after work as a security guard at a government hospital in Taleigao, when three boys approached him. One of the boys caught him and the other two forcibly took his mobile and wallet. He had 2,200 in his wallet. Hearing the security guard's cry for help, people caught hold of the three and handed them to the police.Of the three accused, two are minors and have been sent to the state-run remand home, Apna Ghar. The third accused Agnel Fernandes, 20, has been arrested by the police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "11816580", "title": "Two-day meet on environment", "text": "AURANGABAD: 'A practical approach to solve environmental problems and facilitate people's participation to save environment' will be the subject of discussion at the two-day national conference on 'Green engineering and environmental pollution' at the Jawaharlal Nehru Engineering College here from February 10.The inter-disciplinary conference is aimed at discussing threats to the environment and ways to reach out to people instead of banking merely on government schemes or planting trees, Ankushrao Kadam, trustee of the Mahatma Gandhi Mission which runs the JNEC, said at a press meet here on Wednesday.\"Students should be made aware of how much carbon dioxide a single motorcycle generates. Parents need to convince their children against using motorbikes as a fashion statement and how it takes a toll on the environment,\" Kadam said.The conference would focus on involving the general public in the save environment campaign, Kadam added. \"Let us begin with convincing our children up to the age 25 years against using motorbikes or four-wheelers to reach their educational institutions.''He said, \"It's not the motorbikes alone that pose a threat to the environment, we have to be alert on a number of fronts, like mindless use of antibiotics. Attention has to be paid to ensure that cows are not injected with steroids for extracting more milk.\"The Mahatma Gandhi Mission director Pratap Borade said that over 100 experts from across the country will participate in the conference. The subjects of discussion include alternative resources to generate power and how green engineering and bio-engineering technologies could provide solutions to mitigate, manage and protect our biosphere. The conference would be inaugurated by Rajesh Tope, minister for higher and technical education, while Vijay Pandharipande, vice-chancellor, Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, would preside, he said.BN Pande, honorary professor at the department of civil and environmental engineering, JNEC said that the engineering profession was being challenged with a new set of requirements due to exorbitant population growth all over the world and resource scarcity and environmental changes. Principal Sudheer Deshmukh, vice-principal HH Shinde, head of the civil engineering department PM Patil and AD Diwan, former assistant director general of Indian Council of Agriculture Research, were also present during the media briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11816933", "title": "Gujarat HC slams Narendra Modi\u2019s handling of riots", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Narendra Modi government came in for some harsh words from the Gujarat high court on Wednesday for its handling of the 2002 riots. Inadequacy, inaction and negligence on part of the government to prevent the riots resulted in large-scale destruction of religious structures across the state, the court observed.Not only did the court ask the government to compensate the trusts managing the nearly 600 damaged mosques, temples and shrines, it also said the money should be realized from those who were responsible for the destruction.Hearing a PIL filed by Islamic Relief Committee, Gujarat, (IRCG) in 2003, the division bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala observed that the state had failed to discharge its constitutional duty to protect a citizen's right to meaningful life and religion.The government said it could not help religious trusts repair places of worship because of policy decisions, but the judges said the state could not ignore fundamental rights of citizens. Compensate the trusts just as those who had lost their houses and shops were compensated, the court said.The bench directed that principal judges in all 26 districts should receive applications for compensation from the trusts and decide on their veracity and compensation amount. They have been given six months to get back to the HC. The government also got the rap for not tabling the final human rights report on the riots in the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815040", "title": "Health minister to continue as rebel within", "text": "HYDERABAD: Health minister DL Ravindra Reddy, who was stripped of the medical education and some other portfolios in the latest cabinet reshuffle, on Wednesday hit back by saying that there were many leaders in the ruling party who set out with suitcases to Delhi and other places and secured various posts including ministerial positions.Upset over the clipping of his portfolio, Ravindra Reddy stopped short of resigning from the cabinet but vowed that he would not step into the Secretariat and would work from the Congress Legislature Party henceforth. \"Like former textiles minister P Shankar Rao who remained in the cabinet and proved a thorn in the flesh of Kiran Kumar, Ravindra Reddy will also work against the chief minister from now on and try to bring about his downfall,\" sources close to the health minister said.Addressing the media on Wednesday, Ravindra Reddy said he was not the one to quit the party or resign from the cabinet just because his portfolio was downsized. \"I never lobbied for the ministerial berth, it was offered to me by the CM himself. I have been ill-treated because I do not fall in the category of those leaders in the Congress who go to Delhi and other places with suitcases and secure posts including ministerial berths. I earned the position by serving the party since the days of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi ,\" he said.Hitting out at Kiran Kumar, Ravindra Reddy said the way he was humiliated by the chief minister had pained him. \"It was the chief minister who clubbed all the wings in the health department for administrative convenience. Now, he claims he has split the department in the name of administrative convenience,\" he said.Sources said Ravindra Reddy was prevailed upon not to quit by four senior ministers in the Kiran cabinet. \"They told him that it would be better for him to stay in the cabinet and plot Kiran Kumar's downfall and promised to work with him as a team in this mission,\" said the sources.Earlier in the day, the health minister had a two-hour long meeting with PCC president Botsa Satayanarayana. Botsa is said to have made Ravindra Reddy talk to AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad and party president Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel. Finally, the health minister's resignation threat petered away. Both the CM and Ravindra Reddy hail from Rayalaseema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816656", "title": "Many NER trains diverted till Feb 11", "text": "VARANASI: The NER (Varanasi) has come up with cancellation, route diversion and short termination of a number of trains due to non-interlocking work at Patna railway station under east central railway (ECR). As per NER (Varanasi) spokesperson, 15109 Rajgir-Varanasi Buddha Purnima Express will remain cancelled from February 9 to February 12 while 15110 Varanasi-Rajgir Express will remain cancelled from February 8 to February 11. Similarly, the route of 12333 Howrah-Allahabad City Vibhuti Express would be diverted to Howrah-Asansol-Dhanbad-Mughalsarai instead of Howrah-Asansol-Jasidih-Jhajha-Kiul-Patna-Mughalsarai from February 9 to February 11.As per report, 12791 Secunderabad-Patna Express would terminate at Danapur between February 8 and February 11 while 12792 Patna-Secunderabad would start from Danapur between February 10 to February 13", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815616", "title": "Judgment on quota dispute anytime soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Legal arguments in the politically sensitive matter of quota in promotions for the Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribe (ST) category employees in the state services were completed on Wednesday.A division bench of Justice N K Jain and Justice R S Rathore of the high court that was hearing the contempt of court allegations against the state government in the case for the past two days, however, reserved its judgment.The high court was hearing the litigation, which has a direct bearing on the promotion rules of the state's nearly seven lakh employee-force, since October 2010. The non-reserved category employees opposed the quota, while the state government justified it.Considering the growing divide between the reserved and the non-reserved categories' employees on the issue and its political repercussions for the ruling party, chief minister Ashok Gehlot slammed the quota opponents at several public functions in the past six months.The Samta Andolan, an organisation representing the non-reserved category employees, and one Bajrang Lal Sharma were among the couple of litigants who dragged chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj on contempt charges in the matter.It was alleged that the state government was allowing quota in promotions in violation of the high court judgment of February 5, 2010. The court had then quashed the SC/ST's quota in promotions on the ground that the preconditions laid down by the Supreme Court for allowing this Constitutional provision had not been fulfilled.The state government appealed against the February 2010 judgment and filed a special leave petition, but the apex court upheld the high court decision and disposed of the appeal in December 2010.Defending itself against the contempt of court charges, the state government on Wednesday argued before the division bench that it complied with the high court judgment by meeting the apex court's preconditions and issuing a fresh notification allowing the quota to SC/ST employees on September 11, 2011.Senior advocate C S Vaidyanathan, who represented the government, reasoned that the new notification was in compliance of the February 2010 judgment, while one of the petitioners' counsels S P Sharma argued that the notification did not mention this.The Samta Andolan's counsel Shobhit Tiwari pointed out that the latest notification protected the promotions of even those SC/ST employees who ought to have been reverted as per the February 2010 judgment.The division bench, too, wanted the government to explain on what basis it allowed the quota benefit between February 5, 2010 and September 11, 2011.The government, meanwhile, defended its decision to constitute the Bhatnagar committee to gather quantifiable data of the SC/ST employees' representation in the state services and allow the quota benefit on its recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816679", "title": "Experts discuss solar thermal technology", "text": "VARANASI: The second day of Solaris 2012, the international conference on 'Energy Security, Global Warming and Sustainable Climate', organised by the Centre for Energu Studies-Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) jointly with Bag Energy Research Society (BERS) at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU began with technical sessions on 'Indo-Italian Cooperation'.Prof Lidia Szpykowicz from Embassy of Italy, New Delhi delivered an informative presentation on Indo-Italian Cooperation to meet the energy needs. Elaborating the scenario in European countries, Prof V K Sharma from Italy discussed solar thermal technologies to meet the broad range of heat demand for domestic water heating, space heating and electricity generation.Apart from that solar batteries, environmental impacts of the solar energy systems, analysis of hybrid photovoltaic thermal bio gas plants, solar refrigeration were discussed at length by eminent scientists, scholars, and environmentalists in the next technical sessions on the second day of three-day conference.Detailed information was also discussed regarding the scope and status of solar power plants in India. The three-day conference is being held to discuss the challenges of energy security and scope of solar energy to meet the energy needs at present and in the coming future.Seminar: A three-day national seminar cum workshop on 'Samagra Jeevan Drishti avum Manav Moolaya' organised by Malviya Moolaya Anusheelan Kendra, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) was inaugurated at Dr S Radhakrishnan auditorium on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817207", "title": "Two child labourers rescued from ice cream parlour", "text": "BHOPAL: Two orphaned minors, who were working as labourers at an ice cream parlour at Manisha Market in Shahpura, were rescued on Monday. The owner tried to flaunt political clout but in vain.Hailing from a village near Bhojpur temple, in the nearby Raisen district the orphan brothers were living in the state capital with their aunt at Shahapura.Rahul and Virendra, aged 12 and 13 respectively, were working at the parlour for the last couple of months. On Monday, they were rescued by a team of local police, labour inspector and an NGO.Rahul, younger of the two said, \"We worked at the outlet from 12 noon to 11 pm in the night. There were five other workers besides both of us.\"Virendra the elder brothersaid, \"We were paid Rs 70 as daily wages. I study in class VI at a school near 1100 quarters but Rahul studied only till class III.\"Dr Neeraj of NGO Childline said, \"Following repeated complaints from a caller, we went to investigate the matter at the ice cream parlour. There, we found both the brothers engaged in labour. Though we warned the owner about the consequences of taking work from minors, it fell on deaf ears. Following no action from the owner, we informed the police department and the other officials concerned about it.\"The owner, calling himself a district coordinator also tried to flaunt his political connection to a prominent BJP MLA,\" he alleged. On Monday, a team from the Shahapura police, labour inspector AS Yadav and the NGO team went to the spot together and rescued the two minors.Labour Inspector AS Yadav said, \"A case under Child Labour Act has been registered against the owner. A notice would be sent following which a reply would be sought in 7 days. Case would come up at the Chief Judicial Magistrate (CGM) within 3 months.\"As per the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act 1986, \"child\" means a person who has not completed 14 years of age.The Act prohibits employment of children in 18 occupations. Any person who employs any child in contravention to the Act is liable for punishment with imprisonment for a term of three months but which may extend to one year or a fine of anywhere between Rs 10,000-20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11820555", "title": "IBM opens new centre in Bangalore", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT giant IBM has set up a centre in Bangalore that will offer solutions to automate and accelerate the purchasing, sales and customer service functions.The new Centre of Excellence (CoE) at the India Software Lab will offer solutions to organisations across India, South Asia and Asia Pacific.The CoE will consist of a team of 25 technical experts selected from the business to business and commerce enterprise marketing management teams from India Software Lab, IBM said in a statement.India Software Lab (ISL) is one of the largest product development centres for IBM globally. ISL focuses on developing products, technology and solutions for IBM Software Group, IBM Systems and Technology Group and IBM Engineering &amp; Technology Services.\"By bringing together a powerful combination of technical expertise, domain knowledge, and best practices from IBM's extensive global engagements, the CoE will offer innovative solutions to automate and accelerate the purchasing, marketing, sales and customer service functions to organisations across India, South Asia and Asia Pacific,\" India Software Lab Vice-President Gopalakrishnan said.IBM commerce solutions have enabled customers like ING to increase average campaign response rates and expects to reduce its direct marketing costs by 35 per cent per year, the company added.\"The CoE for Smarter Commerce, will work closely with the business teams on customising Smarter Commerce solutions for companies. These solutions, across different technology platforms, will integrate and more effectively manage the value chain across buying, marketing, selling and service processes for different sectors,\" Gopalakrishnan said.In India, IBM is working with leading companies in retail, financial services, auto and manufacturing sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817704", "title": "Parents happy with CBSE move on int\u2019l curriculum", "text": "CHENNAI: The move of the Central Board of Secondary Education to extend its international curriculum (CBSE-i) to schools in the country has been welcomed by academics and parents.It is expected to make an international schooling experience available for people beyond the high income group and could be ideal for those wanting to encourage their children to pursue undergraduate studies abroad.\"Some time ago the trend was to allow children to be schooled under any board of education and then pay around 10 lakh to get admission in a professional course. But now parents have realized that it is smart to invest in education much earlier so children can make the right career choices later,\" said Vinayak Sudhakar, school development manager of the Cambridge Board in India.He said the number of schools offering a Cambridge curriculum in the country had increased from around 100 five years ago to 300 now, with 30 schools in Tamil Nadu alone.With Cambridge and International Baccalaureate schooling still out of reach of the middle class, parents and academics feel CBSE-i could be the answer. Existing international schools said they were forced to charge much higher fees than other Indian boards of education as the cost of affiliation to the board was high. While the affiliation cost for an IB diploma programme in a school is around 5.13 lakh, the CBSE currently offers affiliation for less than half that amount. Add to this the cost of prescribed textbooks and finding teachers to deliver the content.International schools said they pay 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh a month to qualified teachers. International boards of education charge heavily for exams. A candidate wanting to take five papers may have to pay 15,000 under the Cambridge board while the IB exams cost twice as much. The CBSE rates have not been announced but academics expect them to be much lower. Consequently, fee structures in schools offering CBSE-i are also expected to be more reasonable.Schooling under CBSE-i could also do away with the bridge course that students going abroad for an undergraduate course are compelled to take before pursuing higher education in a foreign university, experts said. \"The number of parents eyeing an undergraduate degree in a foreign university for their children has increased. But they are also worried about acceptance in Indian universities. This move could increase the acceptance as it comes from an Indian board of education,\" said educational consultant K R Maalathi.However, some international schools feel parents keen on sending their children abroad for UG studies would prefer to remain with Cambridge or IB curricula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11815526", "title": "Tewatia files nomination for Jewar seat as JD(U) candidate", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Farmer leader and prime accused in the Bhatta-Parsaul clash of May 7, 2011, Manvir Tewatia, on Wednesday filed his nomination as a JD(U) candidate for the upcoming elections for the Jewar assembly seat. Tewatia, who was arrested by the UP police in July last year, is at present lodged in Dasna jail as an undertrial for allegedly inciting violence. Meanwhile, Tewatia's family has alleged that the UP police and administration are trying to hamper his contest in the polls. The police also detained his father on Wednesday for allegedly disrupting law and order in the district.Tewatia's wife, Nutan said, \"The court had ordered for completing nomination formalities of my husband. On February 3, the court had directed the jail administration to allow him to file his nomination, but the police acted as a roadblock stating that he did not have a joint bank account with his poll agent,\" said counsel for Tewatia, Ved Prakash Sharma.\"We had to move the court again so that my husband could file his papers. As he is lodged in jail, only the family can campaign for him, but on Wednesday the police detained my father-in-law Ajaypal citing law and order problems,\" Nutan told TOI, adding that she will register a complaint with the Election Commission against the UP administration and police.Several supporters of Tewatia flooded the district collectorate office on Wednesday during his nomination process. At the same time, the district police detained his father and took him to Surajpur police station. He was released late in the evening.Tewatia, who hails from Nathu Garhi village in Bulandshahr district, started his career as a local builder. Within a short span, he formed an association and became the leader of local builders. He than started a factory in site-IV in Kasna. Currently, he lives in Golf Vista in sector Alfa-II in Greater Noida. He came into the limelight when he fought against land acquisition with farmers in Tappal in Aligarh.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11817833", "title": "Man kills friend", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A routine post-poll discussion at a pan kiosk took an ugly turn leaving one dead and another hurt at Keljhar village in Rajura tehsil on Tuesday night.Sources said that victim Bhoju Madavi, Maroti Madavi and assailant Maroti Pusnak started arguing which turned into an ugly fight when Pusnake picked up a stick lying around and bashed up the two.Bhoju died on the spot while Maroti was seriously injured. Pusnake is absconding. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11819415", "title": "Google-Motorola merger set to get US nod", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US Justice Department will probably give antitrust approval next week to Google Inc's bid for Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc and to plans by a consortium led by Microsoft Corp and Apple Inc to buy Nortel Network Corp patents, said two people familiar with the matter.In its investigation of the deals, the Justice Department became concerned with the increasing tendency of patent holders suing to stop other companies from using their essential smartphone technology, one of the people said. The department will continue to examine companies such as Google that haven't sworn off the practice, one of the people said.Both Microsoft and Apple have said they won't keep other companies from using their technology if they have previously signed an agreement to that effect, said the two people, who weren't authorized to speak about the investigations publicly.Gina Talamona, a Justice Department spokeswoman, declined to comment on the department's plans.Google spokesmen Adam Kovacevich and Mistique Cano didn't immediately respond to e-mails and phone calls seeking comment on the possible approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816092", "title": "BJP promises strict action against erring Karnataka leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left red faced by three ministers in the Karnataka government caught by TV cameras watching porn on mobile phones inside the state assembly, BJP secured their resignations and condemned their behaviour but is still fending off calls for tougher action.Senior BJP leaders like party president Nitin Gadkari and leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said \"strict action\" will be taken if it was established that the ministers had indulged in an \"unseemly act\" but the sleazy incident dented the party's claim that it supported \"clean politics\".Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi's swipe that BJP had covered all aspects of corruption from bribes to moral decadence put the saffron party on the defensive as the ministers' salacious actions contrast sharply with the party's penchant for playing moral police.While on one hand BJP usually does not pass up an opportunity to sound preachy and outfits claiming to be allied with the Sangh Parivar like Ram Sene have repeatedly targeted occasions like Valentine's day, the blase manner in which the ministers surfed through an allegedly vulgar MMS in the assembly seems astounding.The report of a House committee is awaited, but BJP's opponents are saying the MLAs should quit their seats and the party is hemming and hawing on this. The former ministers are seen to be supporters of sacked former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa who is sulking at his ouster. Action against them can only add to the BJP's woes in a state where its cup of woes is flowing over.Even if Yeddyurappa is in no position to stir up a revolt and the porngate controversy can hardly be a trigger, BJP government continues to have a rocky ride in a state where its association and later falling out with the Reddy brothers of Bellary mining fame has left its credentials in tatters.The fresh troubles in Karnataka also cast a shadow on BJP's poll campaign in Uttar Pradesh and Goa where it is striving to present itself as a political party that shares public anger against corruption, sloth and malfeasance in governance. The porngate episode certainly goes down poorly with BJP's middle class sympathizers.The three former ministers -- Laxman Sevadi, C C Patil and J Krishna Palemar - are barred from attending House proceedings till an inquiry is in progress. BJP spokespersons like Rajiv Pratap Rudy sought to counter-attack the Congress, arguing that it had not acted against offenders like former Rajasthan minister Mahipal Maderna and former Andhra Pradesh governor N D Tiwari.Maderna is facing an investigation for the disappearance and murder of a nurse he was linked to and Tiwari had to resign after being taped in a sex romp in the Raj Bhawan. But the reference only resulted in a comparison or even equivalence between BJP and Congress, rather than a clear cut acceptance that the former ministers have erred.BJP was even considering the possibility of a \"conspiracy angle\" to the case. According to sources, party insiders are discussing the possibility of an MMS being sent to the minister's mobile phone which was opened with the person anticipating its contents. This does not, however, explain why the mobile was passed around and viewed for several minutes.Gadkari said, \"First of all, they said they are innocent. We said resign immediately and an inquiry will be done. It is unfortunate.\"The BJP president told Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda that action should be taken immediately but offered bytes like \"there is deterioration in every sector, whether it is the media or administration or society. It is a matter of concern\".Jaitley said, \"We have a deep sense of regret that any of our members should be involved... unlike what happened in the Raj Bhawan (governor's residence) in Hyderabad or in Rajasthan, we have taken the responsibility.\"\"The incident is unacceptable. BJP has said this clearly and also taken the resignation of those ministers. We have also made it clear that tough action will be taken against them. But naturally, inquiry will be done,\" Rudy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11820812", "title": "Fresh petitions filed in Zakia Jafri case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court on Thursday issued notices to Supreme Court-appointed SIT after social activists Teesta Setalvad and Mukul Sinha filed two separate applications seeking the copies of the SIT report filed in the Zakia Jafri case.The court of metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt issued notices to the SIT and posted the hearing to Feb 13.The SIT on Wednesday filed a closure report in the sealed cover on the complaint of Jafri, wife of ex-Congress MP Eshan Jaffery.Jafri in her complaint had sought prosecution of Modi, along with 57 others, for aiding and abetting communal riots.Ehsan Jafri was among the 69 persons killed in the Gulberg Housing society riots. Around 1,200 people were killed in the communal riots.On September 12 last year, the Supreme Court had refused to pass any order on Modi's alleged inaction in containing riots in 2002 and left it to the concerned magistrate's court to decide the course of action against him on the basis of the SIT report.In the petition, Zakia had alleged that Modi and 62 top government officials deliberately refused to take action to contain the state-wide riots, triggered by the February 27, 2002 Godhra train carnage.The SC had further said that in case the magistrate decides to drop proceedings against Modi and others, he has to hear the plea of Zakia, who had filed a complaint against the chief minister and others.Jafri had told the apex court that a proper probe should be carried out by the SIT, headed by former CBI chief R K Raghavan, into her allegations of inaction and various acts of omission and commission by Modi and others during the riots.The apex court in 2009 had earlier handed over the task of probing the case to SIT which submitted its report in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11817781", "title": "7k Aadhaar cards lie undelivered", "text": "KARWAR: Untraced addresses of Aadhaar card holders in coastal taluks of Uttara Kannada district has left postal authorities in a fix. About 7,000 Aadhaar cards are lying in various post offices in Karwar, Ankola, Kumta Honnavar and Bhatkal taluk because these addresses were not traced.This has led to the talks whether Aadhaar cards were registered with fake or dummy addresses in Uttara Kannada. Two days ago, the postal department issued a release asking people who had registered for an Aadhaar card but have not yet received it to contact the nearest post office and take them. Officials involved with registration of these cards say they had registered according to the guidelines issued by the government.But there are allegations that the procedure itself was wrong as a mere bank passbook was treated as 'address proof' and it's not difficult to open bank accounts. Nagaraj Joshi, a social activist, points out that officials who were appointed in the registration centre to verify the address proof were either outsiders or had no knowledge about people who were furnishing different ID proofs. \"They would just sign the form and some people must have exploited this,\" he said.Dattaram, a resident of Karwar, said authorities should have taken care while issuing cards in sensitive areas like coastal belts. But clarifying the stand of postal department, P L Hadaginal, superintendent of posts, Karwar, said there were many cases where people registered for Aadhaar citing one place, but work in another place. This had happened in other districts as well. \"To inform people and speed up the card delivery they issued the release,\" he said.Joshi alleges that non delivery of these cards was not due to any staff issue. \"Addresses couldn't be traced, so an investigation should be ordered,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11816993", "title": "Padmanabhaswamy temple inventory begins on Feb 18", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The much awaited inventory and documentation of all valuables inside the world-renowned Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple will begin on February 18. Selected officials of Keltron will do the process along with technical help from the VSSC and Archeological department.The advanced inventory system developed exclusively on an open source software by Keltron will be used for the purpose. Rs 2.5 crores have been spent to strap the inventory process in place. Ten Hindu males from Kerala State Electronic Development Corporation Ltd (Keltron) have completed a two-week training to use the software developed by Keltron's Security &amp; Surveillance Department at the Karakulam complex.\"A mock trial was completed by Keltron and equipment moved to the temple on Tuesday. The inventory takers have hooked up the computers and will run a trial on Wednesday as the work-flow will be demonstrated to the expert committee at 9am on Thursday,\" said a source from the expert committee.An archeological consultant sieved through 2,000 employees from Keltron via series of questionnaires and parameters which included them to be male, Hindu, computer literate and able to communicate in English as they will be interacting with the expert committee and gemologists.\"VSCC has offered their expertise for all technical/electronic maters, while an archeological consultant has been at hand to train the ten chosen inventory takers. These people will have to follow strict physical hygiene and keep their identity under wraps. They have undergone a three-layer police verification which includes their near and dear ones. The inventory will take place from 9 am to 5 pm with a lunch-break, but it will involve long periods of standing as no one is allowed to sit before the God,\" said an employee of Keltron's Security &amp; Surveillance Department.ISRO has lent the inventory team a Laser Engraving machine. \"Religious artifacts that will be washed daily cannot be bar-coded like the rest of them as it won't stick,\" said the expert committee source.Two photography experts and an assistant have also been trained to be included in the Ten-member team. Each item will be photographed from different angles, bar or laser coded, weighed and tested for purity and grade and packaged.The inventory taking could last up to a year and the place where the precious materials will be checked, have been rigged with surveillance cameras. The people entrusted with the job will be watched day-in-and day-out, and will be under tremendous stress. \"But the team considers it an honour,\" said the source from the Expert committee.M Velayudhan Nair has replaced CV Ananda Bose as president of the expert committee as Bose retired from service in September last year. The expert committee will meet at the temple tomorrow to witness the work-flow demonstration by the inventory takers.To avoid redundancy and to double the workflow in coming days, two numbers of each machine have been brought. It includes, a purity testing machine 4 categories of weighing machines totalling to eight, laser engraving machine borrowed from ISRO, 2D and 3D photography cameras, bar coding machine.Keltron is using FOSS software for the documentation and inventory process and works on two independent isolated networks. Surveillance and videography is also being carried out by Keltron with the police as its monitoring agency. The inventory takers will have to stand the entire time, as no one is allowed to sit before the God, and dress according to temple rules in Mundu. Some of the artifacts may only be handled by temple priests.The processThe artifacts will be brought out of the temple vault in a trolley and immediately a unique ID, which is a running number, will be generated. The item will then be photographed using 2D and 3D camera. An accession code with a drop-down menu will be added to the unique ID. The accession code essentially classifies the artifact into ornament, vessel, ritualistic item etc as per international archaeological standard. Malayalam words can be used in inverted coma to describe artifacts and ornaments. The accession code will include date, vault in which the artifact was found. The entire code of an object can run up to 18 digits and contain a meaningful data.Then an electronic weighing machine interfaced with the computer system will register the weight. If the artifact is big enough to measure, then its length and breadth will be charted.A purity testing machine will chart all metals according to a periodic table classification and test each metal for individual purity. If there are precious stones in the ornament, two gemologists on stand-by will determine the age, and clarity of the gem, this is the only manual process in the Inventory and documentation procedure. The artifact will then be packed in natural yarn and put in a pouch and bar-coded and kept in the outbox to be taken back to the vault.To avoid redundancy and to double the workflow in coming days, two numbers of each machine have been brought. It includes, a purity testing machine 4 categories of weighing machines totalling to eight, laser engraving machine borrowed from ISRO, 2D and 3D photography cameras, bar coding machine.Keltron is using FOSS software for the documentation and inventory process and works on two independent isolated networks. Surveillance and videography is also being carried out by Keltron with the police as its monitoring agency.The inventory takers will have to stand the entire time, as no one is allowed to sit before the God, and dress according to temple rules in Mundu. Some of the artifacts may only be handled by temple priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11816934", "title": "ABVP demands VTU V-C\u2019s resignation", "text": "MYSORE: The engineering college bandh called by ABVP against Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) vice-chancellor H Maheshappa for allegedly producing fake documents to become VC of VTU got a mixed response here in the city on Wednesday.Demanding strict action against VC Maheshwarappa, members of the ABVP visited engineering colleges in the city and forcibly made authorities to close down the college. However, ABVP convener of Mysore district Rakesh said that students of Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (SJCE), National Institute of Engineering (NIE), Vidyavardhaka, Vidya Vikas and GSS engineering colleges voluntarily boycotted their classes in support of ABVP's protest.Members of ABVP also staged a dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office. Rakesh alleged that the governor was trying to protect Maheshappa by not taking action against him and he urged the state government to take stern action immediately against Maheshappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814787", "title": "Star campaigners to hit poll trail in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: With just a week left for the elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), all political parties are planning road shows and public rallies of their star campaigners to woo voters.The chief of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Raj Thackeray, is arriving in Nashik on Thursday to hold a meeting with the office-bearers and release the party's manifesto. \"Two road shows and one public rally of Raj Thackeray have been organized in the city. Raj will conduct road shows on February 10 and 11 but the locations have not yet been finalized. He will address a public rally on February 12 at the Golf Club grounds here,\" a senior MNS leader said.Shiv Sena leaders are also busy preparing for their star attractions ahead of the elections. \"Executive president Uddhav Thackeray will visit on February 10. The party manifesto for the NMC polls is to be released by him on the same day. Uddhav will address three public rallies on February 10 at Cidco, Panchavati and Nashik Road areas. The road shows of Shiv Sena youth leader Aditya Thackeray has also been organized on February 12 in all six divisions-Panchavati, Nashik East, Nashik West, Nashik Road, Cidco and Satpur,\" Nashik city chief of Shiv Sena Arjun Tile said.\"Moreover, the public rally of former chief minister and senior leader Manohar Joshi has been scheduled on February 12. We have still not finalized the location but we are planning it on Yashwant Maharaj grounds on the banks of the Godavari,\" he said.Bharatiya Janata Party will also be releasing its manifesto on February 10.\"BJP national secretary Kirit Somaiya , state joint organizing secretary Rajendra Phadke and senior leader Girish Mahajan are coming to Nashik on February 10 and the party manifesto for NMC polls is to be released by them. We are planning public rallies of senior leaders Gopinath Munde , Vinod Tavade and Eknath Khadse but it is yet to be finalized. The final programme will be finalized soon,\" a senior BJP leader said. The Congress is also chalking out plans and will hold joint rallies with its ally the NCP at some places.\"Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is coming to Nashik on February 10. He will address the public rally at B D Bhalekar grounds. Maharashtra state Congress president Manikrao Thakre, state minister for agriculture Balasaheb Thorat, PWD minister and Nashik's guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal will also address the public rally on the occasion. The joint manifesto of Congress-NCP will be released,\" said a senior official from the Congress.The NCP is expected to hold public rallies of Chhagan Bhujbal, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and home minister R R Patil, but their schedule is yet to be finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820429", "title": "Innovations for the poor", "text": "The annual forum of Action For India at IIT-Delhi discussed the role of technology in scaling up social enterprises. Vishakha Sharma reportsOver the years India has witnessed growth in innovations in industrial, financial, and technological segments. However, as per Action For India (AFI), a social start-up enterprise, with 42% of the population living below the international poverty line of US$ 1.25 per-day, this growth fuelled by innovation has been far from inclusive. And despite a number of social enterprises working towards alleviating poverty, socio-economic issues continue to persist on a large scale. In order to arrive at possible solutions, AFIs annual forum held at IIT-Delhi on January 21, discussed how technology can help social enterprises scale-up.Need for technologyAccroding to Sam Pitroda, entrepreneur, policymaker and honorary chairman, AFI , on the one hand, while India has the largest number of poor, it also has a large talent pool which can address challenges faced by them.People in India are innovating, but the key is to scale some of these innovations, standardise, and make sure they reach out to a large number of people. To me, if innovation doesnt touch millions, it has very little meaning. In the 21st Century, we have a whole set of new tools to redefine ourselves and innovate. The use of technology brings about openness, accessibility, connectivity, networking, democratisation, and decentralisation. And as a result, new opportunities in productivity, efficiency, cost reduction and access provide a ground to innovate, he said.Young innovatorsPresent at the forum were 100 young social innovators under the age of 40, whose innovations in agriculture, education, energy and healthcare, have impacted lives at the bottom of the pyramid. As per these social innovators, areas where technology can enable the scaling-up of social innovation, includesGathering, monitoring and data analysis: Computerised data management systems will permit tracking information at organisational, sectoral and regional levelsDeveloping open multi-stakeholder platform: A platform that specifically addresses the need for developing software relevant to social enterprises is critical to achieving scaleAutomation in training and skills development programmes: Developing simulators and technology-enabled training programmes can ensure quality skills development across all sectorsGovernment supportTo support social entrepreneurs set up new business models to bring about positive change, efforts are underway to increase the corpus of the National Innovation Fund that has been announced by Pranab Mukerjee, minister of finance. This fund is expected to be operational by June or July.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madrid", "code": "11820651", "title": "Apple's \u2018recession-proof\u2019 in Europe", "text": "MADRID: As Spain enters its second recession in as many years, Apple Inc is flourishing.Renovation on a 19th-century, seven-floor building with more than 6,000 square meters (64,600 square feet) of floor space on Madrid's central Puerta del Sol square is under way to house Apple's new Spanish flagship store, according to the city mayor's office.Apple is in talks with the building's owner to use three floors as an outlet, said a person with knowledge of the matter, asking not to be named because the discussions are confidential.The lure of Apple's products and retail stores helped the world's largest technology company by market value win consumers even in markets where spending power is declining. With almost half of young people out of work and 18 months of falling retail sales, Apple sold more than 800,000 iPhones in Spain in the first nine months of 2011, up 60 per cent from a year earlier, according to researcher Gartner Inc.\"The Apple evangelists will buy these products, with or without an economic crisis,\" said Victor Conde, a marketing professor at Universidad Nebrija in Madrid. \"They may get by without dining out much or going to the theater for a play as long as they're able to have the latest iPhone.\" Apple's Spanish expansion is catching up with other European markets. Its current five stores in Spain compare with 33 in the UK, nine each in France and Italy, and eight in Germany.European pushApple, based in Cupertino , California, is planning a flagship store in Amsterdam , said Tanya Ridd, a London-based spokeswoman. It's also considering its first flagship in Berlin , said two people with knowledge of the matter. Ridd declined to comment on Apple's German plans.Underlining its intent to boost sales in markets outside the U.S., Apple on Jan. 31 appointed 48-year-old John Browett from the largest U.K. consumer-electronics retailer, Dixons Retail Plc, to lead its 361-store business.As chief executive officer of Dixons, which is similar to US retailer Best Buy Co, Browett forged a close relationship with Apple, including striking a deal to be able to sell the iPad ahead of rival electronics retailers in the UK. He also implemented store formats and added service areas similar to the Genius Bar at Apple stores to provide technical support and help with repairs and upgrades.Out of Apple's 40 new locations this year, 30 will be abroad, the company said in October. The location of its flagship stores in the best retail spots is critical to their success, said Alfredo Arahuetes, dean of Comillas Pontifical University's business school in Madrid.'Trend-setter'\"They open stores in landmarks because they want to improve their visibility and access for customers,\" Arahuetes said. \"That type of store in Madrid will allow Apple to strengthen its position as a trend-setter.\"The downtown building, nicknamed Tio Pepe after a brand of sherry that has for decades advertised on top of the structure, is being developed for use by Apple, according to a Dec. 29 statement by the Madrid mayor's office.The office has to give permission for the renovation because the construction is a historic building in the downtown area, said Maria Antonia Landero, a spokeswoman for the office.After the basic renovation, scheduled to finish in April, work on the interior design will start and Apple and the building's owner, real estate company Ana Maria Sol SL, are in talks about the details, said the person with knowledge of the matter.Apple spokesman Paco Lara declined to comment on the company's plans in Spain, saying \"it's logical to think there will be store openings this year as we had two openings in 2010 and three last year.\" Ana Maria Sol also declined to comment.Buzzing store\"I'm very excited about the possibility of having an Apple store in the downtown area,\" Ignacio Galaso, a 26-year-old intern at Gas Natural SDG SA, said at the Apple outlet in the Parquesur shopping mall 15 kilometers (9.3 miles) south of city center, where he spent 90 euros ($118) on an AirPort Express to strengthen wireless signals at home.\"I haven't bought the new iPhone yet. If I had 600 euros, I would buy it right away. The Apple store inside the Parquesur shopping mall was buzzing with people on Jan. 31 while the local Burger King and Zara clothing store were almost empty. Roberto Martinez, a 38- year-old interior designer looking for a device to charge his iPhone in his BMW 5-Series car, said he doesn't like visiting a mall on the city's outskirts.\"Even as I live close to this shopping mall, it would be better to have one closer to Madrid's downtown,\" he said.Too expensiveApple opened its first Spanish outlet in Barcelona , in the La Maquinista shopping mall, on Sept. 4, 2010. The same month, Spain's Aaa credit rating was cut by Moody's Investors Service and the country's workers disrupted transport and television broadcasts in the first general strike in eight years to protest cuts in government spending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817732", "title": "Three held for illegal possesion of drugs", "text": "PANAJI: In three separate raids, spread over two days, the anti narcotic cell (ANC) police seized cocaine, ganja and charas, all worth about 1.16 lakh from three persons.The raids were conducted on February 6 and February 7 at Margao, Mandrem and Arambol. At Margao, the ANC team caught 40-year-old Dinesh Mishra red-handed with 2.10kg of ganja worth about 20,100. In another raid in Mandrem, the police caught a 33-year-old Nigerian national, Chidi Okonkwo, for being in illegal possession of 3.20g of cocaine approximately worth 22,400.In the third raid at Arambol, the police caught 44-year-old Caitan alias Caitu Rodrigues for being in illegal possession of 740g of charas approximately worth 74,000.They have been remanded to five days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11815426", "title": "Eve-teasers still at large", "text": "HOWRAH: Four of the six youths, who assaulted two teenaged girls and their aunt on Dharamtala Road in Malipanchghara on Tuesday evening, are still at large. The victims are too scared to step out of their home and hence, did not attend their classes on Wednesday evening. The girls even didn't go to attend their classes on Wednesday evening.Cops, meanwhile, visited the girls' house and assured them of safety.The incident occurred at 3pm on Tuesday when Purnima Shaw, 16, her sister Pranati, 15, and aunt Malati Devi (names changed), went to the Nayamandir area to watch the processions taken out on the occasion of Ma Sitala's Snan Yatra. According to Priya, they were standing near a petrol pump when some youths turned up. She claimed that the group had been harassing her for quite some time. They had stopped for a while after her parents complained to locals but seemed to have selected the chaos around the procession the prevalent chaos around the procession to resume their activities.\"We have been living in the rented house for three years. Ever since we arrived, the group bothered us. Matters improved for a while after we lodged a complaint with locals. On Tuesday evening, we were watching the procession when the youths arrived on motorcycles. All of them seemed to have been drunk. When they started bothering me, my aunt asked us to return home. By then, the youths were tugging at my dupatta and I complained to the volunteers present. The volunteers came to our help and there was an altercation between them and the eve-teasers. Finally, the volunteers drove off the group. Before leaving, they warned us of dire consequences,\" Priya said.Around 7.30pm, the three were returning home when they were accosted by the mob. Priya said there were nearly 20 youths blocking their way. \"They used abusive language but we tried to go past them. This is when one of them approached with a sharp weapon. My aunt came in the way and was injured in the right hand. The crooks then rained blows upon us. My sister was beaten with a lathi. When we raised an alarm, locals came out and the gang dispersed,\" the teenager said.The trio rushed to the Malipanchghara police station and lodged a complaint against the six youths they could identify in the darkness. The police sent them to the T L Jaiswal Hospital for a medical examination and then raided the neighbourhood. By late in the night, Neeraj Prasad and Surjit Yadav were arrested. Dilip Rai, Bhim Rai, Mukesh and Sunny are still absconding. The police have assured us that all of them will be arrested,\" Priya said.According to Sukesh Jain, DC (HQ), Howrah city police, attempts are on to nab the four. The family will be provided necessary protection, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817973", "title": "EC rule allows voters to abstain from voting", "text": "KANPUR: The people have a right to dissent with the list of candidates. The Rule 49 O of the Election Commission gives a voter an option not to vote at the election after he/she has been identified at the polling station and his/her name registered in register of voters (Form-17A). The presiding officer shall make a note to that effect against the name of that voter and obtain his signature.In such a case, the voters who exercise the option of not voting in the election under Rule 49 O would only be deemed to have abstained from voting and under the law, the candidate who secures highest number of valid votes polled, irrespective of his winning margin, is declared elected.Recently, Sanjeeba, a social worker, had staged a 'nukkad natak', making people aware about rule 49 O. Sanjeeba told TOI that the Election Commission should popularise this rule so as to create awareness among people who do not want to vote for any candidate in constituency. He said that there will be many people who would wish not to vote as the candidates contesting elections from a particular Assembly seat may not be of their liking.Meanwhile, the students of a madrasa took out an awareness rally, asking people to vote. Such awareness rallies have become common these days in the city. Now, it would depend on the voters either to use their right to franchise or to follow rule 49 O and chose not to vote.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816766", "title": "Citizens to push for rail overbridges at Ghorpadi", "text": "PUNE: Residents of Ghorpadi and Mundhwa have decided to approach the army, the defence ministry and, if needed, the prime minister's office (PMO), to highlight the need for rail overbridges (ROBs) at Pune-Solapur and Pune-Miraj railway crossings.Hundreds of people living in B T Kawade Road area, Ghorpadi, Wanowrie, Fatimanagar, Mundhwa, Hadapsar and Magarpatta have to wait for long hours at these railway crossings every day. The proposal for the two ROBs has been pending for over seven years now with sanctions awaited from multiple agencies like the Pune Municipal Corporation, the Pune Cantonment Board, Railways, Pune Sub Area (Army), and the defence estates.Lt Col (retd) M K Gupta Ray, a member of the Ghorpadi-Mundhwa railbridge committee, said they will first meet the principal director of the defence estates on Thursday to know the status of the proposal and how it can be taken forward. Next week, the committee will meet officers of the Pune Sub Area, followed by a meeting with PMC officials. The committee members said the defence department is not inclined to release its land for security reasons. \"We do not find any worthwhile security reason to stop the project. It is a social need and the army cannot ignore this,\" Ray said.The committee said that another contentious issue is the cost. \"The two overbridges would collectively cost Rs 180 crore. The Pune Municipal Corporation needs to incur the cost since the bridges will benefit the city and its residents,\" Ray said.\"If a railway overbridge cannot be constructed, a subway can be planned. School children, office-goers and employees of call centres struggle to reach their destinations on time. Ambulances and other emergency vehicles get stuck. Not long ago a young boy lost his life because he could not be shifted to a hospital in time due to gate closure,\" said Shobha Gupta Ray. The railbridge committee has decided to launch its website www.gmrb.co.in, on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817286", "title": "Restrictions on title deeds eased", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government has decided to give title deeds to 4,900 people in the state before March 31. As per the Land Assignments Act 3400 title deeds are ready for distribution, said chief minister Oommen Chandy while speaking to reporters after the cabinet meeting.The state cabinet also decided to give sanction for the transaction of the title deeds given by the government.The restrictions imposed at present will be removed. Apart from this, it has also been decided that those who have 4 acres of land will be eligible for the government title deeds.The period for giving notice before doing pokkuvaravu has been cut short to one month from three months.This has been decided to reduce the delay in doing the pokkuvaravu. However, if anyone gives a false affidavit a penalty of Rs.25,000 and an imprisonment up to six months will be imposed.The survey officers will also have the powers to create sub divisions in a taluk, the powers which is at present enjoyed by only additional tahasildars.In the past 50 years, the resurvey has been completed only in 767 villages.It has been decided to complete the resurvey of the remaining 841 villages within one year, he added.Co-op banks may be bought under education loan schemeThe state cabinet has decided to approach the Centre for including the co-operative banks under the newly launched scheme enabling the banks to provide educational loans without any interest until the course is completed.At present the scheme is applicable to only loans taken from scheduled and nationalised banks. Now we have decided to urge the Centre to include co-operative banks also under this. This would benefit the students as they will have the benefit of repaying loans without any interest until the course is completed. The banks are given the interest during this period by the Centre,'' said chief minister Oommen Chandy after the cabinet meeting. The government has taken this decision since the students or the parents who are taking loans become a huge debtors.Hence the Centre had decided that some relaxation should be given to the students while they are studying and the interests should be levied only after the completion of the course.Education loan has become the new generation problem after the farmer's loan. The government will have to take serious measures to combat this crisis. So we have decided that if any student or guardian whoever takes the loan dies before repaying it, then the loans should be written off,'' said the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817827", "title": "Railway work hits train services", "text": "PATNA: The railways cancelled the run of seven passenger trains on Thursday due to the ongoing route relay interlocking (RRI) work being carried out at Patna Junction. The cancelled trains include Patna-Dehri-on-Sone, Rajendra Nagar-Banka, Rajendra Nagar-Islampur, Rajgir-Varanasi, Patna-Saharsa Kosi Express, Patna-Gaya passenger and Patna-Jhajha passenger trains, said ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha.Meanwhile, senior divisional commercial manager (senior DCM)of Danapur division Arvind Rajak said that the railways has made all possible arrangements for the convenience of passengers boarding trains either at Patna Junction or at Danapur station. The railways is taking care of passenger amenities, including proper announcements at each station about arrival and departure of each mail and express train, he said, adding a helpline number -- 06115-232398 -- has been working round-the-clock to cater to the needs of passengers. The senior DCM said that the RRI system, which is a big exercise, is likely to prove a boon for the division, particularly Patna Junction, in streamlining traffic movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817919", "title": "Homeless people brave inclement weather in open", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Municipal Corporation's (KMC) commitment to provide shelter homes to the poor and homeless seem to be diluting with time.However, the need for shelter was diminishing with the changing weather pattern, but the 10.8mm rainfall on Tuesday again add to the chill. This further lowered the temperature and increased the need of covered place to sleep.\"The construction of shelter homes should have been over before the arrival of winters. The target was high, so it would have been good even if a few shelter home had been constructed. But it seems that the construction of shelter homes are on papers only,\" said a social activist.It was decided that new 23 shelter homes will be constructed. These shelter homes were to be come up at Parmath, Panki, Jageshwar Hospital, Phoolbagh, Suterkhana, Bhairav Ghat, Chunniganj, Seesamau, Swaroop Nagar, Shyamm Nagar and other places.The guidelines of the Supreme Court stipulate that there should be one shelter home for a population of one lakh. Going by the latest census, the city population stands at 45 lakh. There should be at least 45 shelter homes.Even the existing shelter homes at Express Road and Birhana Road Maternity Centre are in a bad shape.Only two shelter homes have been constructed in around two-and-a-half month.\"As per the Supreme Court's order, the construction of shelter homes shall be monitored by the divisional commissioner. The financial requirement for the implementing the proposal was to be met by the state urban development agency,\" a KMC official said.Even after several orders to the construction managers to wind up the work by mid-January, the speed of work remains slow.KMC incharge of shelter home UP Agarwal said that the construction of all the new shelter homes is nearing completion. \"The construction of shelter homes got delayed due to the Assembly elections. According to the SC orders, the shelter homes will also remain open in summers to provide permanent shelters to the poor and homeless,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11817757", "title": "Politicians in poll mode, on a spree for village stay", "text": "DHARWAD: With the possibility of polls to the state legislative assembly being held early, politicians are slowly entering into election mode.In Dharwad district MLAs elected from rural constituencies are creating opportunities to visit villages and meet people. Dharwad MLA Seema Masuti ( BJP ), whose constituency covers 56 villages of the erstwhile Dharwad Rural constituency and eight wards of HDMC in Dharwad division, has embarked on a \"village stay\" programme, a concept introduced by former CM H D Kumaraswamy.On Saturday, Masuti toured Shivalli village, addressed a gathering and halted at the house of a farmer. Shivalli which lies on the Dharwad-Navalgund Road has been facing the problem of drinking water since decades and the promise of supplying Malaprabha water to the village has remained a promise. Masuti again assured the villagers that Malaprabha water would be supplied to them soon.\"The state government had given its share of money for the implementation of the World Bank-funded project and the tender process will be completed by the end of February and the work will be completed within a year,\" she said. However, the villagers are not ready to buy her words completely. \"How can they complete a project in a year which they could not do in four years? Fourteen villages in Dharwad taluk are to be covered under the Malaprabha water supply project,\" said Malleshappa of Kanakur village which comes under the project.The legislators are opting to visit villages where some work has been done and where they do not have to face hostile crowd.\"They conveniently skip villages which are crying for attention. Students in Hale Tegur village have been suffering lack of connectivity to their schools and colleges. Nobody has bothered to solve their problem. The road from Uppinabetageri (MLA's village) to Nanagundikoppa towards Bailhongal and Uppinabetageri to Garag via Kallur is literally non-existent,\"said Ambuja Gudadari. Some villagers are optimistic. \"Let the politicians resort to village stay for political gain. We are not bothered about their motive as long as it gets the village some development works,\" said Bheemanna Patil of Garag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11816855", "title": "Pre-paid auto service shuts down come a cropper", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Despite the good intention behind the decision to introduce a pre-paid auto rickshaw service system at the Kozhikode railway station, authorities were forced to wrap up the facility within two months of its launch, thanks to opposition from auto drivers.The facility was introduced by the city traffic police at the station following demands from different quarters of the society as city auto drivers were plying only to places of their choice.\"The system was introduced after calculating the distance between various points in the city and fixing the fare to reach each point. However, due to lack of cooperation from the auto drivers, we were forced to suspend it,\" said assistant commissioner, traffic (south), Xavier Sebastian. He added that the auto drivers are opposing the system on the grounds that they are not charging exorbitant fare compared to their counterparts in other cities in the state.The support of various political parties and the corporation is essential for the system to succeed, according to traffic police officials.Adding to the problem, the auto drivers are reluctant to ply to and from the western side of the station, where the fourth platform is located, complain passengers.A senior railway official at the Kozhikode station said, \"Even though the railways allotted two counters on each side of the station to the city traffic police for managing the pre-paid auto service, they have not been able to run it properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815457", "title": "Latest tech for testing donated blood in city", "text": "KOLKATA: The latest technology for screening donated blood is in town.In fact, it's a first not only for Kolkata, but for the entire eastern region. And, it is not a corporate hospital that has set this benchmark. The state-run Medical College and Hospital Calcutta (MCHC) is adopting the Nucleic Acid Testing (NAT) technology to screen donated blood that will be used for transfusion to thalassaemia patients.This initiative assumes importance as West Bengal accounts for the largest number of thalassaemic children in the country. As of now, donated blood in the state blood banks are screened by ELISA tests to detect HIV infection which is not foolproof. The NAT provides a highly sensitive detection of the genetic material of the virus itself and can accurately detect Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C apart from HIV.A team from MCHC's Institute of Hematology and Transfusion Medicine (IMTM) brought in the technology after a 15-month nationwide study on the efficacy of NAT, which was concluded recently. The team screened 5,063 blood samples. The study suggested the traditional ELISA method could miss out detection of infection of one unit for every 631 units.\"Adopting the NAT method is the surest way of ensuring safest blood to the receiver. This technology is a boon, particularly for thalassaemia patients who undergo blood transfusions regularly. But this will also ensure safe blood to other patients who need transfusion,\" said Dr Somnath Mukherjee, transfusion medicine expert at IHTM.The study also evaluated the prevalence of HIV, Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C in 361 thalassaemia patients who had received 100 units of blood and above. These blood units had been screened by ELISA and had tested negative for HIV, Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C. Out of the total 361 patients, 16 had contacted Hepatitis B, 34 Hepatitis C and 19 HIV during the repeated blood transfusions.Every year, around 5,000 children in West Bengal are born thalassaemic. Currently, about 900 patients receive blood transfusion at IHTM. The NAT facility in this wing of MCHC was installed by Novartis for the study and the set-up will now be utilized for screening donated blood before it is transfused to thalassaemia patients.\"To start with, 130 thalassaemic children will get their blood screened through NAT. These children have been sponsored by ONGC Officers' Mahila Samity. The set-up has more capacity. We could have reached out to more patients if funds weren't a constraint,\" said Dr Prantar Chakraborty, associate professor of hematology in MCHC, also a co-investigator in the study.The cost of getting a NAT done costs Rs 800 compared to Rs 110 for an ELISA test. The cost of setting up a NAT facility works out to about Rs 70 lakh for a semi-automatic one and Rs 3 crore for a fully automatic one. Doctors said the cost of screening samples will ultimately decline if screening is done on a larger scale.The Apollo Hospitals in Delhi and Chennai have had this facility for quite sometime now, but its Kolkata unit is yet to get this facility. Sources in MCHC say that if private hospitals in Kolkata want to send blood samples for screening, it could be worked out by some tie-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820208", "title": "I am curious about my dad's book on mom: Prateik", "text": "Prateik talks to TOI about how Amy Jackson is more than a 'pretty costar', whether he believes in the institution of marriage or not and why he is curious to read his father's book on Smita PatilYour last film, 'My Friend Pinto', did not do well at the box-office. Have you done any post mortem for that? Yes, I have. I never claim that I am Mr Know It All and am spot-on while trying to figure out what went wrong in a film. But it's true that I gave my 200 percent to the movie. I have my sweat and soul to the character. What I didn't understand is why the marketing of the film never went up to the mark. The producers, I suppose, didn't care much and that was heart breaking. The film was pitched on my shoulders and both for the director and me, it was a huge disappointment.Did you like the script? I loved the script and the moment I read it, I wanted to get straight into the project. While we were shooting, everything was being made according to what the script demanded. We could see that the movie was being shot on the basis of what we had read. It was looking good. But, the end product was very different. The producers got involved and what we finally saw was not how we had visualized the movie in the beginning.Have you ensured such a thing doesn't happen with your forthcoming release? When I did \"MFP\", I didn't step into the marketing side of the film. I was sure that I was working with absolute professionals. But the outcome of the movie has taught me certain things. Now, I want to know what's going on in the marketing front of a movie. The end product should look like what we had wanted. I never want to call the shots. I might come up with ideas but I respect what my director says. I want to be more involved in a movie's promotions too.There was this rumour of you taking to celibacy to ensure that 'MFP' turns into a hit. Was that a publicity gimmick that went sour? It was a promotional gimmick. I thought, it was ridiculous but I just went with the flow because I was told that it would be funny and creative. For this film, I am in constant touch with everyone involved with the marketing team. I am aware and in sync with the promotional strategies too.So, what do you have to say about the stories regarding your romance with Amy? Is that a gimmick too? It is not a marketing story. The movie is based on a romantic subject. We have been working together for five months and, now, we are really close to each other.Are you living-in with her? That's not true.What's the most romantic film that you have watched? In Hindi, they would be \"Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam\" and \"Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge\". I have watched them a decent amount of times. In English, I would vote for \"Romeo And Juliet\". I am also doing a Hindi adaptation of it called \"Issak\". I love the layers in this adaptation which has love, action and violence.What's the most romantic thing that you've done? That was when I was 14. I stood on the terrace for hours on end for my girlfriend. I can't define love since the emotions are deep and layered.Is there any don't do's for you while being in love? Don't lie and don't cheat.Have you been cheated on? Yes.Could you forgive your partner? I can give a generic answer to that without getting personal. Unless one is absolutely spiritual and completely in love, I suppose it is difficult to forgive.Coming to your career, what's the path that you want to take forward? There is no particular kind of genre that I am looking forward to working in. I want to do all kinds of cinema. All that matters to me is good content, script and character. I am only interested in bettering myself.In the season of remakes, is there any remake you want to star in? \"Namak Halaal\". It is such a fun film.Any film of your father's that you want to do? Which was the movie that had the song \"Hothon se chulo tum?\" 'Amar Prem'... Yes, that one. I wish, I could sing that song in a remake of the movie.Since your dad is in politics, do you ever see yourself taking the same path? I have never dreamt of it. I am too engrossed in my crazy world of cinema and want to explore all the avenues there is in the world of movies.Your father is supposed to pen a book on his relationship with Smita Patil titled A Book of Pain. What's your reaction to it? I am curious. For me, it is like a fairy tale. In fact, anything about my parents is a fairy tale. I am curious to know and learn about them. Like any kid, I too want to know what happened between them.Do you see yourself turning into a writer where you reveal your own story? You never know till it actually happens but I might one day end up writing. It could be a script for a film or even stories. I don't know.What's your plan for Valentine's Day? Is it like any other day for you? It is not like any other day but I will be working. Thankfully, it is with my pretty co-star.If you are to define your relationship with Amy, would she be just your 'pretty co-star'? No. She is someone I am extremely fond of and close to.Do you believe in marriage? I believe in marriage. If one is sure of one's feelings, it is a good idea to be married. Talks about marriage and family open up a whole new world for me. For me, all that is a fairy tale. Under normal circumstances, kids grow up with his parents. They see them interacting. I have never had that privilege or experience. I have never seen my father and mother in one room together. I didn't see them having fun or even quarrelling with each other.So, what's your idea of a family? Me, my wife and four kids. I want two boys and two girls! A gorgeous wife and four very pretty children. That makes my family complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817192", "title": "MANIT results goes on-line", "text": "BHOPAL: Now students of MANIT will avail the facility of online mark-sheets. MANIT has started uploading the mark-sheet on its official website . Though uploading results online is a part of process making information available online, it would also facilitate the parents to view the results of their wards even if the students tend to hide them.Exam controller of MANIT, M M Malik replied, \"It was noticed that few students after their poor results did not inform their parents about the results. On several occasions, they make different stories before their parents about delay in the results. Now, parents would have easy access to results of students on-line.\"He further said that process of online mark-sheets started recently after the semester exams concluded. \"We have successfully uploaded mark-sheets of all students appeared in last semester exam,\" Malik said.Anyone can download the mark-sheet through scholar number. \"We have also informed parents also about this development,\" Malik said.Every year around 4000 students appeared in each semester exam of MANIT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11819872", "title": "Mahrukh Mirza launches son Aasad", "text": "Aasad Mirza will be making his acting debut in his father Mahrukh Mirza's film Say Yes To Love, slated to release on February 17.Mahrukh Mirza has directed films like Mashooq, Yaara Dildara and Rama O Rama. He has also been credited as a story writer and producer for Sitamgar, Misaal and Kasme Vaade.Excited about the launch of his son, Mahrukh said, \"I feel nice and proud and I hope he will carry the Mirza Brothers banner ahead. He is grown up and he has trained himself for many years in acting and dancing to make a mark in his debut film.\"Having been a background dancer for many years, Aasad told Mumbai Mirror, \"It was not easy. I trained as a dancer for three years. During that time, I did several shows as a background dancer. Also, my dad believes in the old school of filmmaking so before any shot, he ensured that I rehearsed a lot.\"Interestingly, this film will also mark the acting debut of Sanjay Dutt's niece Nazia Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11816867", "title": "Khaki-clad yes, but they are not cops", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Home guards posted in important traffic signals seem to be assuming the role of cops in city.Though they have no authority to stop vehicles and check the documents, they been doing exactly the same. This has invited the wrath of motorists in the city.The home guards in the state work as an auxiliary unit to support the cops in maintaining law and order. In city, 30 out of the total 400 home guards have been assigned to traffic duties.\"Home guards stop our vehicles and insist on checking the documents. I was aware not that they did not have the right to do so. Now I resist them,\" said A Sajith, of Malapparamba.Motorists allege that the home guards partial to city buses who violate law. \"They allow buses to stop and pick up passengers from anywhere, but car owners are abused for stopping vehicles even if it is to check the route with a passer-by,\" said Mohammed Ijas, a businessman.A home guard at traffic duty averred to the fact that a few of them do assume the role of cops.But the issue is not restricted to roads alone. A homemaker from Athanikkal said that one of home guards attached to Elathur police station frequently visits their house and inspects vehicles parked in the courtyard. Meanwhile the police officials have clarified that they not given any right to home guards to check vehicles. G Sparjankumar, city police commissioner, said directions have been issued to home guards to not to check vehicles and documents.\"Even if they identify violation of traffic rules including helmet and seat belt rule, they have to inform the incident to the local police station or the Sub Inspectors. The police seek the assistance of home guards only for regulating traffic,\" he said. He added that if the public have a complaint against home guard they can approach the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817230", "title": "Diabetes centre at GTB hospital soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: A world-class diabetes and endocrine care centre will come up at the Guru Teg Bahadur hospital in central Delhi by next year to cater to the growing number of diabetic patients. Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit laid the foundation of the proposed centre, being built at a cost of Rs 22 crore, on Wednesday. A trauma centre and a dental college will also come up at the hospital campus. The centre will have a 30-bed ward which will include an ICU in addition to offering patients diabetes management and counselling services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820940", "title": "Dress the part to look the part", "text": "Interview preparation for most people is about going over past accomplishments, predicting likely questions and being ready with the answers. But, this comprises just 20% of the preparation.Almost 80% of the image you project and hence what you communicate is visual in nature. Verbal cues how you speak and how you respond to questions constitute the remaining 20%.The second critical factor is that within the first few minutes, the interviewer takes in the image you project and forms a First Impression of you. Considering that during these few minutes, it is just the visual cues that you project, you can now see that the interview is over before you begin to respond to questions.This is confirmed by research which shows that once people form their First Impressions, they spend the rest of the interview simply confirming these impressions. Hence, it is critical that you understand the impact of the image you project through the visual elements in an interview. You need to look the part, before you can convince them that you are capable of playing the part.Looking at what constitutes the image you project, it is your clothing, grooming, body language, etiquette and vocal communication, which perform the function through a combination of visual, vocal and olfactory cues.Given the large number of qualified executives available for any position, there is enormous competition from which you need to stand out. When you consider the fact that almost 80% of your success is determined by visual cues, taking care of your image through these elements helps you communicate your trustworthiness, commitment and efficiency, primary traits that interviewers look for. With that, the image you project becomes not just an edge, but a weapon in your hand by creating powerful First Impressions and getting the position and pay you seek.Lets look at each element in brief. The image you need to project differs from industry to industry, depending on the culture and customer expectations of that industry. If we take Financial Services, customer expectation is of a formal image that communicates efficiency and competency. Hence, your clothing should be highly formal. Depending on the position you have applied for in the organisational hierarchy, you would be dressed in dark colours, crisp and firm fabrics, straight lines and small, geometric patterns.When dealing with the retail industry, your clothing must project an image of approachability while showing efficiency and responsibility, and hence you would choose less formal clothing with lighter colours, softer fabrics and rounded shapes and patterns.When dealing with sales and marketing companies it is important to project an image, which is also aggressive as that is one important trait in such jobs. It is also important to create attention up and close to your face as prospective customers need to concentrate on what you say and this can be achieved by creating a great contrast up and close to the face.The safe thing to do is to dress formally for interviews except when you give an interview for offbeat or creative profiles. With casual dressing, the interviewer could mistake your personality for a casual work attitude or that you are not serious about the job.If in any doubt, observe the way people dress within that industry and choose a mid to highly formal version of it, depending on the profile. Company spokespersons, sales and customer care executives give you valuable cues to the visual cues that apply to the industry.With grooming, the fundamental rule is to be well-groomed without distractions like excessive or noisy jewellery, overpowering perfumes, tattoos, body piercings, unclean nails and the like. Be modest in your appearance, be neat without wrinkled clothing or scuffed shoes and conform to the norms.When it comes to body language, etiquette and vocal communication carry a pleasant, open attitude within and communicate the same. A negative or defeatist thought process never translates into confident demeanour. Remember, the interviewer is judging you to see whether the company can have a relationship with you. This means, the interviewer is looking for openness, commitment and trustworthiness.So dress the part to look the part. Use the visual cues to make powerful First Impressions through the image you project.[The writer is Director, First Impression Consulting Pvt Ltd; Master Image Consultant - MFIPI (UK), Federation of Image Professionals International]Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814936", "title": "Exhibition on Lok Biradari Prakalp begins", "text": "NASHIK: The five-day exhibition on Lokbiradari Prakalp that kick-started on Wednesday, February 8, exposed Nashikites to an all new world of tribal life, their health and other issues and their dexterity in making items out of bamboo. The exhibition was inaugurated at Madhavrao Limaye Hall in Sarvajanik Vachnalaya (Public Library) by the 2011 Ramon Magsaysay awardee Neelima Mishra and sports psychologist Bhishmaraj Bam. The place was provided free by the management of the Vachnalaya.The photo exhibition on the life of Madiya-Gond tribals in Gadchiroli district by Dr Prakash Amte and his wife Dr Manda Amte recounted the details of the tribal life, the work that the Amtes have been doing since the past 38 years and the latent talents of the tribals. The artefacts made by the tribal children and their parents were also put up at the exhibition.In her keynote address Mishra said that everyone has the desire to do something for the society but only when you start working on field you realise how daunting the task is. \"Dr Prakash and Dr Manda Amte have been toiling so hard for the upliftment of the tribal people but their hardships are not seen on their face. They are a source of inspiration, there is so much to learn from them. Nashikites should respond to this exhibition in a major way,\" she said.Bam shared memories of Baba Amte and his family and lauded the legacy being carried out by the second and third generations.\"This is our second exhibition in Nashik in four years. Nashikites have responded quite well,\" said Aniket Amte, son of Dr Prakash and Dr Manda Amte who is here with his team of 12 people for the exhibition.The 150 photographs of Dr Prakash Amte shows the kind of diseases that the tribes of Madiya-Gond suffer, diseases that are unheard of in urban places, of the leprosy-affected people, those bitten and wounded by snakes, tigers, rats, python, the wild animals and reptiles that Dr Amte rescued, befriended and treated. These people make craft items and items of daily use out of bamboo. They also use dried gourd to make pitchers.The items and showpieces made of bamboo by the children of the Madiya-Gond tribes studying in the ashramshala, started by the Amtes, and their parents were also exhibited for sale. Table lamps, letter boxes, flowers, jewellery boxes, tribal hair clips, trays, brooms, kulas, ships, houses and other showpieces are some of the articles. \"The bags and the mattresses have been made by the women of the bachat gat,\" informed Aniket. These craft items are exhibited to raise funds for the project.The exhibition will conclude on February 12 and is open for all from 9 am to 9 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817564", "title": "Aswals have big plans for the apple of their eye", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aswals of Sector 33 are busy making plans. For, they want everything to go just right on February 29, their four-year-old son Yash's \"first birthday\".Bimal Aswal, father of Yash, said, \"He was born on February 29, 2008. We have been celebrating his birthday on March 1. But as 2012 is a leap year, we want to ensure grand celebrations this time. After all, the day comes once in four years.\"Aswals will throw a party on the special day where all neighbourhood kids will be invited. Besides, a trip to Pinjore will be an icing on the cake.Sharing a few more secrets about the get-together, the lab assistant with UT education department said, \"His elder sister Shristi, 6, is also quite upbeat about the bash. She, too, wants to give Yash, a pre-nursery student, a few surprises on the day.\"His mother, Usha, said, \"Yash loves wearing good clothes and watching cartoons on television. We plan to gift him a suit on his birthday and plenty of time with his favourite cartoons.\"Leap year Gregorian calendar is based on the Julian one, which was introduced by Julius Caesar in 45 BC. It has a 12-month, 365-day year, with an intercalary day inserted every fourth year at the end of February to make an average year of 365.25 days. But because the solar year is actually 365.25 days, the Julian year too was increased by 0.0078 day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817722", "title": "The next wave of sport catches on in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: With the third longest coastline in the country, it's no wonder surfing is the new wave in Tamil Nadu. At the ongoing India Surf Festival, which is on till February 9 in Odisha and is host to surfers from India and abroad, Tamil Nadu has the largest contingent.The festival, organised by the Orissa State Surfing Association and supported by the Odisha tourism department and the Surfing Federation of India, began on February 7 at Puri. At the festival, one of the largest in the country, there are more than 60 participants. Sixteen of them are from Tamil Nadu.And surfers from TN seem to be raking in the prizes too at the competitions. \"Of the eight finalists in the stand-up paddling contest, where participants have to paddle to a marker and to the finish, six were from Tamil Nadu,\" says Balaji Thangavel, president of the Surfing and Water Sports Association of Tamilnadu.There are two schools here that teach surfing -- Kallialay Surf School in Auroville near Puducherry and the recently opened Bay of Life in Kovalam, near Chennai. Mamallapuram, a coastal town in Kancheepuram, has several fishermen-turned-surfing instructors. More schools will come up soon, says Thangavel.The state association, which is recognised by the Surfing Federation of India, a national governing body, plans to train more fisherfolk in surfing. \"We are planning to train five young fishermen from each coastal district,\" says Thangavel, who is at the Odisha festival.Including fisherfolk and the local community is important in promoting the sport, says surfer Showkath Jamal, one of the founders of Bay Of Life. \"No one knows the sea better than the people who live by the coast. Some of them who learnt the sport from tourists are excellent surfers,\" says Jamal.Also, surfing supplements their income and provides a source of earning when there is no fishing. Appu, a 20-year-old hotel management student, is a fisherman-surfer, and one of the winners at the Odisha festival. \"I learned to surf three years ago on a plank of wood. Some foreign tourists gave me a surfboard and I have been surfing since then,\" says Appu, who alternates fishing with the surfing classes in the mornings. \"I have a regular source of income now,\" he says.Along with surfing lessons, the schools and the association are trying to educate people on the importance of conserving the environment. At Bay of Life, vehicles or equipment that pollutes the environment is not used and students are told about the importance of not littering, says Jamal.The association is, meanwhile, formulating a set of guidelines and standards to be followed by schools across the state, says Thangavel. But before that, it plans to conduct a 'discovery of waves' along the coastline in May. \"We may not have the largest coastline in the country, but we have some of the best waves -- at Manapad in Tuticorin, Kanyakumari, and Mamallapuram. But there are more beaches waiting to be discovered,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814823", "title": "3-way duel between NCP, MNS, BJP in Panchavati", "text": "NASHIK: The triangular contest in NCP, BJP and MNS in the ward 3 (B), which is one of the major wards in Panchavati Division, has become the cynosure of all eyes as it is supposed to be one of the major contests in the NMC elections.The three candidates in the fray are outgoing corporator Sharad Koshire (NCP), former corporator Prof Rajendra Navale (BJP) and Ruchi Kumbharkar (MNS).There are a total 13 candidates in ward no. 3, including five candidates in ward 3 (A) which is reserved for women from backward category and eight candidates in ward 3 (B) from general category.Ward no. 3 has belonged to the two outgoing corporators Sharad Koshire (NCP) and BJP's Sharad Sanap so far. This time, Sharad Sanap has fielded his wife Asha Sanap from ward no. 8. The latter will be contesting on a Shiv Sena ticket. Sanap is therefore currently concentrating in ward no. 8, instead of ward no. 3. The outgoing corporator Sharad Koshire, formerly an Independent candidate, will now contest the election on an NCP ticket. Koshire's plus points include the development work carried out by him within his constituency.Rajendra Navale is anotherformer corporator, contesting the election on a BJP ticket this time. He was defeated by Koshire in the 2007 election. Navale, is considered to be Koshire's primary rival.Ruchi Kumbharkar is the MNS candidate being fielded from this ward. Kumbharkar had also contested last election on an MNS ticket. Initially, MNS had nominated Ram Khandwe as the party candidate in place of Kumbharkar. But at the eleventh hour, the A-B forms (through which a political party announces the candidate and allows him to use the party symbol) were given to Ruchi Kumbharkar.Khandwe filed his nomination as an Independent. The last time too, Khandwe had contested NMC polls as an Independent but was defeated. The Sena has fielded a new candidate Mahendra Badwe, for ward 3 (B). In ward 3 (A), five women candidates, including one Independent, are in the fray. But the triangular contest is expected between the MNS, NCP and BJP. The five contesting from here, are: Suman Bhaskar Mane (BJP), Punam Mogare (Shiv Sena), Sunita Sachin Shinde (NCP), Sharada Ghule (MNS) and Savita Mahale (Ind).Ward no 3, which is one of the major wards in Panchavati, includes the Rasbihari English medium school area, Gopalnagar, Meenatai Thackeray stadium, Tarwala Nagar, MERI colony, Hirawadi Mala, Gunjal Mala and the Vajreshwar slum areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816627", "title": "Cabinet nod likely for defence joint ventures", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India still overwhelmingly dependent on foreign military hardware and software, the government is all set to clear a new set of guidelines for creation of joint ventures between defence PSUs and private companies as a step towards bolstering the domestic defence industrial base (DIB).Defence ministry sources say the new policy on JVs will be taken up for approval by the Union Cabinet on Thursday, a few months after the government had put \"on hold\" the joint venture between defence shipyard Mazagon Dock Ltd (MDL) and private shipyard Pipavav after receiving a barrage of complaints by other rival private shipyards.\"The new policy will boost private sector entrance in the defence arena. It is also needed since there over 40 offset contracts (with global armament firms who have bagged or about to clinch Indian defence deals) worth over Rs 50,000 crore being negotiated,\" said a source.\"Then, around $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project will itself have 50% offsets...the potential is huge,\" he added.The announcement of the MDL-Pipavav JV had led to a lot of heartburn among other private shipyards like L&T; and ABG, which had complained of arbitrary decision-making by MDL in selecting Pipavav.With the Navy having 46 warships on order, and several more in the pipeline, private players are jostling with each other to grab both Indian as well as foreign warship-building contracts.MDL is the largest among the four defence shipyards, with an order book of around Rs 1,00,000 crore, including the Rs 23,562 crore project for six Scorpene submarines and the Rs 41,007 crore one for seven guided-missile destroyers.Kolkata-based Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers (GRSE), Goa Shipyard Ltd (GSL) and Hindustan Shipyard Ltd (HSL) at Visakhapatnam also have large order books.But the capacity of the four shipyards is limited, with a big demand-supply gap, which has prompted the government to go in for public-private partnerships to meet timelines for ship-building.The government has also come out with a new Defence Production Policy to progressively reduce India's strategically-vulnerable dependence on foreign military imports by bolstering indigenous R&D; and private sector participation in a major way.The defence sector was opened up in 2001-02 to 100% private investment, with up to 26% FDI, but the results so far have not been very encouraging. The abysmal performance of DRDO, eight defence PSUs and 39 ordnance factories has meant India, which fancies itself as an emerging superpower, still imports over 70% of its military requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815176", "title": "Safilguda tank turns stinking pond", "text": "HYDERABAD: When the Safilguda Lake Park, commonly known as Mini Tank Bund, was inaugurated in 2000, residents welcomed the carving out of a proper lung space in the cluttered neighbourhood. However, today that same lake is a picture of neglect, dotted with stinking garbage piles and a breeding place for mosquitoes.Sewage from the adjoining buildings now finds its way into the lake and, in what is a sure indication of a lost cause, boating and canteen facilities, too, have stayed closed for around four years now.Revathi Joshi, a resident, said: \"The stench every summer is unbearable. Refuse from the fish market nearby and waste from various pujas performed by people, too, end up in the lake. We suffer a lot due to the mosquitoes that breed in its dirty waters\".Hundreds of people visit the park for their morning and evening walks and these visitors now lament the sad pass the place has come into. Babu Din Ansari, an employee at the park, said: \"Lately a lot of people have been complaining about the stench and the mosquitoes. Workers come and clean the park and the garden, but I don't know who is supposed to clean the lake\".The last time the entire lake was cleaned was in January 2011.Residents say they miss the time when the lake was better maintained.\"In the beginning, the lake was a beautiful place for us to visit with our families. The greenery was soothing and the water clean,\" said Minimol Matthews, another resident. She added: \"I remember big flocks of Siberian cranes that used to come to the lake every year. Now we hardly see those birds. With the boat rides and the canteen closed, it is no longer such an attractive spot.\"Both authorities and residents said that the neglect started around five odd years ago as apartment complexes came up at a brisk pace around the lake. They also lay part of the blame on the growing number number of Ganesh idols that are immersed in the lake. However, officials of Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) and Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) keep shifting thwe blame on each other.Officials of both bodies appeared clueless as to whose responsibility it is to maintain the lake and keep it clean. Raghavendra Rao, deputy engineer with HMDA's lakes division, said: \"Our job is to only coordinate with and notify the GHMC if any lakes are encroached. Cleaning of the lake falls under GHMC's purview.\" But G Ravi Kumar, deputy commissioner at GHMC's Malkajgiri circle, said: \"The lake's maintenance is not our duty. HMDA has to take care of it\".GHMC officials were quick to make the issue more complicated by saying that, for lakes under GHMC's jurisdiction, their cleaning is the civic body's duty but ensuring that the water body was not littered is HMDA's mandate.Raghavendra Rao also took the opportunity to reprimand the public: \"There is no awareness among people; they keep throwing waste items and plastic bags into the lake. Of course, it will get polluted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11817472", "title": "Panchkula police website not updated", "text": "PANCHKULA: Though the 10-month-old infant, Nishant, who was kidnapped from Mansa Devi temple was recovered, the Panchkula police website has not been updated and the \"missing\" report is still displayed on the webpage. Resident of Sector 6, Reena Kaul, said, \"They found the infant but it is surprising the website was never updated.\"Resident of Sector 12, Vikram Randhawa, said, \"The people can in no way be informed of the goings-on if expired details show on the webpage. This is clear carelessness.\" When contacted, assistant commissioner of police Dheeraj Sethia said, \"I shall conduct an inquiry and get the website updated.\"Nishant was picked up from the Mansa Devi shrine during navaratra celebrations, by a couple posing as good Samaritans. They asked the kid's mother Sarita to go and drink water while they look after the child. The couple fled with the child. The couple had exchanged their phone numbers with the mother, which were incorrect. The case was handed over the crime investigating agency and the infant's family had announced a reward of Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815288", "title": "Investors may get a land breather now", "text": "KOLKATA: Investors complaining over the \"stiff project completion\" target in the changed scenario when they had to buy a portion of the land on their own, may now get a breather. The Mamata Banerjee government has decided to relax the project completion target clause in the land lease agreement from three years to a maximum of five years. The move has come as a relief to big investors, particularly in the steel industry, who are yet to get the land under their possession mutated.The relaxation - once approved by chief minister Mamata Banerjee - may help ease out the tension over projects worth over Rs 51,000 crore. The proposal lying with the land revenue department will call for fresh land lease agreements with the new clause. Investors who could not complete the projects within the three-year period ran the risk of losing the land allotted to them under the existing agreement. The pullout would have deprived the state of a total Rs 80,000 crore investment lined up in Bengal.The proposed amendment is likely to clear the uncertainty over eight mega projects in the state - JSW Bengal steel project at Salboni, Jai Balaji steel project at Raghunathpur in Purulia, Adhunik Group project near Asansol, Shyam Steel project at Raghunathpur, Matix fertilizer project in Panagarh, OCL cement project near Salboni and DPSC power project in Haldia.\"The new lease agreement is almost ready. The state government has approved it in principle. The government will now give five years instead of the existing three to finish the project, failing which the state will take the land back. Once LR department clears the new draft WBIDC will start signing agreement with the concerned industry,\" sources added.But the amend will also require a change in the land lease agreement with the requiring body - West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation. Under the new arrangement, the Corporation will assign the lease agreement to the industry concerned. \"Earlier WBIDC use to sub-lease the land to industry but this is not legally correct. The industry has also faced problems. In the new format LR department will set a deadline for 5 years to WBIDC in the lease agreement for starting of project. The WBIDC will also have the discretion to fix shorter completion targets for smaller units. Like for steel industry it would be 5 years for small projects that could be less,\" added sources.Incidentally, JSW Bengal has 4,334 acres for a 3-million tonne steel plant and 300-MW power plant in the first phase with an investment of Rs 20,000 crore. Incidentally, the project is also facing land hurdle as mutation for the entire 4,334 acres is still pending. Jai Balaji has so far been allotted 1,094 acres for 2.5-million tonne steel and 3-million tonne cement plant with an investment of Rs 16,000 crore. Shyam Steel and Ad-hunik have got 600 acres and 505 acres respectively. Shyam Steel has proposed 1.1-million tonne steel plant with an investment of Rs 3,500 crore and Adhunik has proposed an investment of Rs 7,000 crore. Matix has got 500 acres for 1.5 million tonne fertiliser plant with an investment of Rs 4,900 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11800885", "title": "Valentine's Day: After 50 yrs of marriage, he gifted her a teddy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What has the festival of love got to do with age? Nothing really.City-based couple Gurbachan Singh Gandhoke, 81, and Raminder Kaur, 76, who married on January 16, 1955, have been celebrating Valentine's Day for years. This time, too, their preparations are in full swing.Raminder said, \"We have been celebrating the day since 2005a?\u00a6 our granddaughter Simrita introduced us to the fest. She even makes sure that we celebrate the entire Valentine's Week. Over the years, we now look forward to the day.\"Every year, after celebrating the week, the couple cut a cake and go out for a candle-light dinner.On Tuesday, the Rose Day, the couple gifted each other a bunch of red roses.About her Valentine's gifts, Raminder said, \"In 2005, on our first V-Day, Gurbachan gifted me a heart-shaped teddy bear. I will always cherish that moment.\"Simrita, 28, said, \"In 2005, when I returned here from Delhi to pursue MBA, I shared the idea with my grandfather. And, we decided to gift grandmother something on Valentine's Day. Then, I bought a teddy bear which he presented to her. She was toucheda?\u00a6 her blush showed that. Since then, I have been buying gifts for her on my grandpa's behalf.\"With each passing day, their 57-year-old bond is only getting stronger. \"My grandparents are adorable even in their everyday fights. They cannot part even for a day,\" Simrita smiled.Narrating their \"Jab we met\" tale, Gurbachan said, \"In those days, people were shy to express their feelings, but it worked for me. She was pretty and many boys liked her. One of my cousins, too, liked Raminder. But before he could propose to her, my father approached her family. And we were soon married.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11816945", "title": "64-year-old prisoner attempts suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 64-year-old prisoner attempted suicide by cutting his private parts in the toilet of Coimbatore Central Prison on Tuesday. He is presently recovering at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).According to prison officials, R Srirangan of Omalur in Salem district was arrested in connection with a murder case four years ago and was out on bail till recently. On January 11, he was sentenced to life in the case and lodged in a cell at the first tower block of Coimbatore central prison.After he was convicted, none of his relatives' visited him in the jail. He became depressed and frustrated. On Tuesday evening, he took a sharp object and attempted to cut his private parts. On hearing his screams, jailor K Shankar and other prisoners rushed to the spot and rescued him and took him to CMCH and he is recovering there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816009", "title": "Solar roof top policy scrapped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi's solar mission is in trouble. The Delhi government had formulated a roof-top solar policy under which consumers would set up solar panels on their roof-tops and feed extra power generated into the main grid.Government officials, however, felt the scheme could be exploited on several grounds, the major violation being production of power through cheaper means and selling it to discoms at higher rates.On the other hand, the 465 kilowatt of solar power generation under a ministry of new and renewable energy scheme that had been offered to BSES is not finding any taker. The discom is asking for subsidies, which the government has refused. The environment department is now searching for other parties to take on this work.\"The central government is no longer keen on roof-top solar projects either. Several loopholes were identified in it which could result in scams. It would be impossible to keep a tab on solar capacity on each roof-top and if someone produced power from cheap polluting diesel generator sets and fed that into the grid, we would never get to know. The difference in cost between solar power and that generated by fuel is massive. We will have to look at alternative schemes now,\" said a senior government official.The change in policy has also landed discom BSES in a soup. The power distribution company had planned solar power generation through roof-top panels and is now waiting for the government to come out with another policy. \"We are ready to start a 1 MW project using the roof-tops of the discom's buildings. However, with the change in government policy we are stuck. If Delhi Electricity Regulatory Board announces the renewable power obligation for discoms this year, we will have to source our obligatory solar power from other states since there is not enough land mass available in Delhi to set up a big solar project,\" said Gopal Saxena, CEO, BSES Rajdhani.The government is miffed with the discom for not having taken up generation of 465 kW, which is part of Delhi's 1 MW solar project under the MNRE.\"Tata Delhi Power set up a plant for 535 kW without additional subsidies. The remaining 465 kW was recently opened up for work but BSES is asking for additional subsidies. MNRE has already built in subsidies so there is no question of anything extra. We are disappointed with BSES' response and are open to bidding it out to other players. NDPL has shown interest and we would be willing for them to take it up,\" said sources.A TDP spokesperson said: \"The proposal has been put up for internal approvals. We have already set up a 1 MW solar roof-top at Keshavpuram and also a few small generating plants at various offices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11826832", "title": "Flipkart.com buys Letsbuy.com", "text": "BANGALORE: E-commerce player Flipkart.com today acquired another online retailer Letsbuy.com for an undisclosed amount.The acquisition is a combination of cash and equity and the founders of Letsbuy along with their team of over 350 people will continue to function independently, the company said in a statement.\"This acquisition fits into our strategy of building dominant shares in all categories we operate in,\" Flipkart's Co-Founder and CEO Sachin Bansal said.Flipkart.com went live in 2007 with the objective of making books available to anyone who had internet access. But since then, the e-commerce retailer has diversified into various products.\"This acquisition opportunity came at a very attractive price for us and the timing has also been ideal. The synergies will now allow us to accelerate faster and get to a share similar to what we enjoy in the online books category,\" Bansal added.The acquisition by Flipkart.com has come a week after Amazon's entry into the Indian market through Junglee.com.\"The company had a choice to raise a large round of funding as well, however, aligning our business with the largest player in the market made sense as the resultant synergies will guarantee our customers the best possible service, price and selection,\" Letsbuy.com Founder and CEO Hitesh Dhingra said.He added that Letsbuy.com expects to close current financial year with total revenue of Rs 162 crore and by August it will achieve revenue of Rs 300 crore.The finer details of the deal are being worked out but the move has been welcomed by investors of both firms.Helion, the lead investor in Letsbuy.com, said it believes that the combined strength of the two leading players is formidable and will be able to deliver a stronger value proposition to customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820036", "title": "Applying for passport? How to get it online", "text": "We had a passport reissue due, and we took the online route. Filling up the forms online was a breeze. So was uploading the one document that was necessary, given that the address had changed. Getting an appointment at the Passport Seva Kendra in Lalbagh, Bangalore, was tricky though. On several occasions, we got the message that all slots were over and we should try the following day at 6 pm. After frustrating attempts over several days, we decided to try at exactly 6 pm. It worked. If you try even 15 minutes later, you could fail.At the Passport Kendra, people are let in only when their appointment time is due (there are about six such times during the day, and you can choose which you want when you seek the appointment). There is no mechanism outside the building to ensure people can go in a single file, so when the crowd is let in, there is a chaotic rush to the main door. But once inside, there are neat queues and a good ambience.The first point is a token counter, where young, largely pleasant, women look at your documents and decide whether you have everything in order. And if you do, you are given a token number, which is then used for all other checkpoints. It took about 30 minutes for our turn to come. We had gone with a telephone e-bill as evidence of the new address. The lady told us that was unacceptable, that we should get an original bill (given that we are today so used to e-bills, we assume those are original, but the government thinks otherwise) or we should have the e-bill stamped and signed by the service provider.When we questioned an official of TCS, the company that runs the entire technology backbone and much of the front end of the passport service, as to why the website does not make it clear that e-bills are not accepted, the official said they had requested the government to incorporate the message on the website but had not received the permission from the government to do so.We came back, got the e-bills sealed and stamped, got another appointment a few days later. This time everything went off smoothly. The Kendra is very well laid out with nice, ample waiting areas; there's even a baby care room. There are big LCD screens that flash your token number when your turn comes, and tells you which counter to go to. In what is called the A zone, you are asked to verify the details that you filled in online. Then your photograph is taken (no need to carry your own photographs, except if you need the passport for a baby), as are your fingerprints. This process was delayed a bit by a power outage that forced a system reboot; clearly, the UPS wasn't working properly.In the B zone, an officer verifies your documents once again. In the C zone, your passport is granted. There were fewer officials manning the C zone, so that took an inordinately long time.It took us about three hours to complete the process, but it was a largely pleasant experience.Chandra S, who went through a similar passport reissue process recently at the Marathahalli Kendra, had this to say: \"It was a pleasant experience. No standing in queue to get the forms, dealing with touts etc. It took about 2 hours. And the most commendable thing was that since there was no change in any of my particulars, the passport was re-issued within a week, even prior to the police verification, which will happen later.\"The Bangalore Kendras were the pilot projects, but now about 40 Kendras are live across the country. These process some 9,000 applications a day. There are also call centres to handle problems, and they take some 10,000 calls a day in 9 languages.The passport issue duration is said to have come down dramatically. We've been told we may get it in 15 days. If that happens, it would indeed be a sea change from the past.(With inputs from Mini Joseph Tejaswi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817615", "title": "Samy son surrenders in 2011 murder case", "text": "CHENNAI: Former DMK minister K P P Samy's son Parasu Prabhakaran surrendered before a magistrate's court in Tiruvottiyur on Tuesday in connection with a murder in November 2011.The case relates to the killing of Mohan of Palagaithotti Kuppam near Ennore by a gang of eight. Subsequently, Ramesh, Madura Muthu, Rajendran, Vigneswaran, Thiagarajan and Siva Jothi, all from Palagaithotti Kuppam, were arrested in connection with the murder.\"Parasu Prabhakaran, who was named in the first information report, had been absconding since last November. He surrendered before a magistrate's court in Tiruvottiyur on Tuesday and was remanded to Puzhal prison. We will soon take him into custody and question him,\" a police officer said.In another incident reported just half-an-hour before the killing of Mohan, KVK Kuppam president Anjappan's brother Selvamani and his wife Vennila were attacked by a group of men wielding deadly weapons.Selvamani and Vennila were admitted to a private hospital and a case was registered. Police arrested K P P Samy's son K P Iniyavan, his nephew Nageswaran and six others for the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11816673", "title": "Ayurvedic coir gains ground, secures biz worth Rs 1 cr", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Ayurvedic coir is the new buzz word among customers and foreign nationals as they peruse a variety of products exhibited by Handloom Weavers Development Society (HWDS) at Coir Kerala 2012 in Alappuzha. Products like ayurvedic coir massage bags, ayurvedic carpet, bed, mats and mattress are drawing crowds.HWDS secretary K Komala Kumaran is a happy man when he explains the deal struck by his society. \"We secured orders worth Rs 1 crore from the visitors at the fair. We will export our products to Japan, Dubai, USA, Australia, Italy, China and Germany. They understand the value of our product,\" he said.Briana Odegard and Lydia Odegard, two tourists from the United States are amazed at the sheer variety of products. They were curious about the stall and decided to give it a try. \"We bought an ayurvedic coir massage bag and learnt a lot about the products and their origin. We will visit the HWDS centre in Thiruvananthapuram to learn more,'' Lydia said.Explaining the utility of the ayurvedic variety, Kumaran said, \"Ayurvedic coir has a lot of scope in health tourism. Take the backwaters for instance; we can set up an ayurvedic panchakarma houseboats by using our products. We can also supply stuff for construction and interior decoration of houseboats.\"Ayurvedic coir was developed by HWDS 20 years ago under the guidance of former Commonwealth consultant professor K Ravi. \"Ayurvedic coir is made after coconut fibres are immersed in extracts of around 100 ayurvedic medicinal plants,'' Kumaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11816971", "title": "Spurious liquor kills 29 in Orissa", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The toll in the Orissa hooch tragedy mounted to 29 on Wednesday with the death of 24 more ailing persons in different hospitals in the state.While 28 people died at the SCB Medical College Hospital in Cuttack, one succumbed at the Capital hospital in Bhubaneswar, official sources said. As many as 51 others are battling for survival in SCB Medical College and Hospital, emergency officer B N Moharana said.The victims consumed liquor from a joint in Mahidharpada area of Cuttack on Monday, the sources said.District collector Girish S N, however, refused to term it a case of hooch tragedy, saying the people died after consuming spurious medicines.and not liquor. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik ordered a judicial inquiry into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11819895", "title": "Aamir Khan\u2019s Bharat darshan for TV debut", "text": "From Kashmir to Kanyakumari, Delhi to Kolkata - the actor has been traversing the length and breadth of the country to shoot a montage for his television showAamir was spotted shooting in the Kashmir valley on Wednesday. On further investigation Mumbai Mirror found out that the actor's Kashmir expedition was for his television show. In fact, Aamir is on a India tour to shoot montages from across the subcontinent for the series.A source close to the actor revealed, \"Aamir is on a trip across the country. He has been travelling and shooting something. However, what exactly he has been shooting nobody knows.\"A couple of days back, Aamir was spotted in Kerala. A few days after that, he was in Sangam, 30 km off Srinagar. His personal security staff as well as the J&K; police accompanied him. \"The police officer was with him 24x7. He will be shooting at the Dal Lake on Thursday. He will be travelling to other places across the country in the next few days,\" added the source.According to the source, Aamir will be visiting Jaipur, Delhi, a few locations in Gujarat and Kolkata. \"The idea is to get a montage from these shoots. However, even his unit is clueless about how Aamir wants to showcase the montage,\" revealed the source.When contacted Aamir's spokesperson refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11821065", "title": "IIT-JEE: Over 5 lakh aspirants to appear in 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: A little over 5 lakh candidates will sit for the upcoming edition of the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE), the test to join the 15 Indian Institutes of Technology.The number of aspirants is up by 16,000 from the previous year when 4.86 lakh Class XII students took the exam. In 2010, the count of test takers was 4.56 lakh. Officers in all JEE offices, spread across the seven old IITs, said applications were still being scrutinized and the final tally of test takers is projected to be anywhere between 4.75 lakh and 5.02 lakh.Yet, JEE 2012 has seen the smallest increase in applications in any two corresponding years. \"We feel the number of aspirants applying to sit for the JEE is stabilizing. There was a sudden spurt in the applications when the eight new IITs started,\" said R V Shevgaonkar, IIT-Delhi director.JEE 2012 will be held on April 8 and this will probably also be the last of the JEE as we know it.The Bombay zone comprising Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Goa, Gujarat and north of Karnataka has topped the chart in the recent past with the largest pool of applications. But this year, Kanpur took pole position, followed by the Madras zone.\"Unlike the old days when most students applied from the metro-centric areas and from the upper middle class, we are now seeing a trend where, thanks to the proliferation of secondary schooling, there is a big upsurge in demand for quality education from students of middle or tier two cities,\" said Sanjay Dhande, IIT-Kanpur director. Clearly, he added, the rise in applications from the middle-India belt points to the demographic changes where a large young population resides.Andhra Pradesh, that falls in the Madras zone, is home to a large number of coaching academies and has contributed to the increase in the number of JEE applications, said experts.Officials at JEE offices said there has been a slight rise in the number of female candidates this year; since last year, there is no application fee for girls. \"Otherwise, there isn't any big change in the number of reserved category students. Also, there will be no change in this year's paper pattern,\" added a JEE chairman.For next year, the JEE will go by in the recommendations of a committee, headed by secretary of science and technology department T Ramaswamy, which emphasises the fact that Class XII scores must be factored in the overall JEE scores.But whichever way the Ramaswamy report goes, IIT faculty believe that there is another crucial factor that is likely to alter the JEE: the composition of the candidates who sit for it. \"With the implementation of the core science curriculum for all schools across the country, we are likely to see a large share of state board students from every corner of India to take the JEE.Currently, the test is dominated by CBSE students,\" said an IIT director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815807", "title": "Over 5 lakh aspirants to sit for IIT-JEE this year", "text": "MUMBAI: A little over 5 lakh candidates will sit for the upcoming edition of the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE), the test to join the 15 Indian Institutes of Technology.The number of aspirants is up by 16,000 from the previous year when 4.86 lakh Class XII students took the exam. In 2010, the count of test takers was 4.56 lakh. Officers in all JEE offices, spread across the seven old IITs, said applications were still being scrutinized and the final tally of test takers is projected to be anywhere between 4.75 lakh and 5.02 lakh.Yet, JEE 2012 has seen the smallest increase in applications in any two corresponding years. \"We feel the number of aspirants applying to sit for the JEE is stabilizing. There was a sudden spurt in the applications when the eight new IITs started,\" said R V Shevgaonkar, IIT-Delhi director.JEE 2012 will be held on April 8 and this will probably also be the last of the JEE as we know it.The Bombay zone comprising Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Goa, Gujarat and north of Karnataka has topped the chart in the recent past with the largest pool of applications. But this year, Kanpur took pole position, followed by the Madras zone.\"Unlike the old days when most students applied from the metro-centric areas and from the upper middle class, we are now seeing a trend where, thanks to the proliferation of secondary schooling, there is a big upsurge in demand for quality education from students of middle or tier two cities,\" said Sanjay Dhande, IIT-Kanpur director. Clearly, he added, the rise in applications from the middle-India belt points to the demographic changes where a large young population resides.Andhra Pradesh, that falls in the Madras zone, is home to a large number of coaching academies and has contributed to the increase in the number of JEE applications, said experts.Officials at JEE offices said there has been a slight rise in the number of female candidates this year; since last year, there is no application fee for girls. \"Otherwise, there isn't any big change in the number of reserved category students. Also, there will be no change in this year's paper pattern,\" added a JEE chairman.For next year, the JEE will go by in the recommendations of a committee, headed by secretary of science and technology department T Ramaswamy, which emphasises the fact that Class XII scores must be factored in the overall JEE scores.But whichever way the Ramaswamy report goes, IIT faculty believe that there is another crucial factor that is likely to alter the JEE: the composition of the candidates who sit for it. \"With the implementation of the core science curriculum for all schools across the country, we are likely to see a large share of state board students from every corner of India to take the JEE.Currently, the test is dominated by CBSE students,\" said an IIT director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816031", "title": "65% people voted in Barabanki before noon", "text": "The primary school in Bindaura had all the arrangements in place to welcome the voter. But barring a few men, the place wore a deserted look till 12.30pm on Wednesday. Yet, to one's surprise the booth had registered more than 65% polling. \"There are just 365 voters enrolled for this centre and 236 have already cast their vote. We hope that others would also come soon,\" said presiding officer Rashid Hanna. The village falls in Ramnagar assembly constituency that has over 2.95 lakh voters including 1.31 lakh women. The scenario in a number of polling stations in Ramnagar was as good as Bindaura. The polling station at Surwari, for instance, recorded over 50% polling by 1pm.The percentage was surely impressive given the morning rain. \"I am sure that the polling percentage would cross 65% here,\" said Sankat Mochan, block level officer in Ladhaura village where about 52 % voters had turned up by 2pm. The voters in all these places included many first-time voters Keeping castes and other factors aside - at least on the face of it - the voters vouched for development and good candidates. \"We have had enough of politics.Now, time has come for some serious work,\" said Ram Bhajan of Bindaua village. In Ramnagar, voters sealed the fate of two sitting MLAs -- Arvind Singh Gope of Samajwadi Party and Amresh Shukla of Bahujan Samaj Party. Gope had to leave his Haidergarh seat following delimitation.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817256", "title": "Kiliroor culprits get 10 years in jail", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Thiruvananthapuram CBI Special Court on Wednesday sentenced the five accused in the sensational Kiliroor rape case to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment. The court had on Monday found them guilty of the charges framed by the CBI investigation team. The case pertains to the accused soliciting a minor girl, Sari S Nair of Kiliroor in Kottayam by offering her a chance to act in television serials.The accused -- Praveen, Manoj, Latha Nair, Kochumon and Prasanth -- were sentenced under sections 120 B, 376 (2)(g) and 366 A.Latha Nair, the only woman among the accused was convicted for criminal conspiracy and the rest were convicted for criminal conspiracy and gang rape. A compounded penalty of Rs 1.75 lakh was also imposed on the convicts.The judge said the penalty collected from the accused must be given to the second and third prime witnesses, the parents of the victim Sari S Nair.The CBI had arraigned seven accused in the sensational rape case, out of which the first accused Omanakutty, who is also the relative of Sari's mother Sreedevi, declared an approver by the court. Soman, who was accused of lending assistance for the other accused to commit the crime, was exonerated as the prosecution failed to prove the charges against him.Sari's father Surendran Nair appeared content at the sentence pronounced by the court. He said the sentence announced was just. But the current probe has brought to light only the minor links in the racket. There were big guns involved in the case who remained outside the reach of the judiciary, said Surendran referring to the VIP connection.He also said he would move to the high court seeking another investigation to bring out the truth behind the death of his daughter.She was like my daughter, says Omanakutty.\"She (Shari S Nair) suffered a lot. She was like my daughter,\" Omanakkutty, accused-turned-approver in the infamous Kiliroor sex scandal case, said on Wednesday. Shari was her sister's daughter. Though reluctant to open up initially, Omanakutty recollected the days when Shari was hospitalized. \"She underwent a lot of pain and trauma,\" she said.When asked whether she would help Shari's daughter, she said she had stopped helping others after the incident.Omanakkutty, who was in Ahmedabad, returned to Kiliroor after her husband died. She has no children.She is now working in a printing press in Kiliroor and occasionally for daily wages under the NREGA scheme. \"I have not done any mistake and I believe in God,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816146", "title": "Woman sets self ablaze after fight", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old woman, Noorjehan Gilani, set herself ablaze after an argument with her husband, Gaus, in the Simla Nagar slums in Malabar Hill on Wednesday. Noorjahan suffered 90% burns and is in the Nair Hospital. Her husband and two children sustained burn injuries when they tried to douse the flames.Cops said the fight, which happened on Tuesday night, distressed Noorjahan so much that she could not sleep. Around 1 am she woke up, poured kerosene and set herself ablaze. A police case has bee registered at the Malabar Hill Police station. \"The woman is critical while the other three are stable,\" said assistant PI, Prakash Malve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815216", "title": "Looking for a special bond", "text": "KOLKATA: That young couples are now opting for two kids instead of one has been noticed even by gynaecologists. They say that earlier, despite counselling couples after the birth of their first child, they would refuse to go for another kid, citing career pressure. However, that is fast changing. Perhaps the fact that jobs are better paying these days, allowing a partner to take a sabbatical or even quit, is boosting the trend.However, the primary reason is certainly the issue of loneliness and aggression of the first child.Most school counsellors say that at least 10% children in every class suffer from aggression related disorders. In fits of rage, such kids often get involved in fights and physical abuse. The majority of them are single children.\"Parents confess to us that kids spend long hours in the house alone with only ayahs or servants and have only the TV for company. Such kids are deprived of the warmth of a mother's love or the care and protection that even grandparents can provide. Naturally there are pent up emotions and they don't know how to vent it. You cannot imagine the amount of energy that remains coiled up inside a child as a result of this. Perhaps the best solution to the problem is to either have another child to keep each other company or to move in with grandparents. Happily, I find that a large number of parents are opting for a second child,\" said counsellor Salony Priya.The statistics is borne out by gynaecologists who say that today at least 50% of their patients are in their second pregnancy. This is a marked change from the earlier trend of parents, mostly working couples, opting for one child. Doctors also say that earlier they noticed that couples with daughters were the ones who usually opted for a second child in the hope of having a son, but these days even those with sons too are opting for a second child. In fact, those with sons are opting all the more for a second child.\"Professional couples from urban upscale families are the ones opting for a second child. Interestingly, this was the group that had so long wanted to stick to an only child set-up. Since women these days choose to have kids only after they have established themselves in a career, the second pregnancy is obviously late. Most of them are in their mid-30s. We have to be extra careful with such patients,\" said gynaecologist Rohit Gutgutia.Doctors say that most second-time parents want to give their first child some much needed company and emotional security. \"When two kids grow up together they share a special bond that makes them secure and balanced. It is a relationship that is exclusively theirs and even parents are not invited,\" explained gynaecologist, Gauri Kumra.Doctors say that between siblings, social etiquettes like sharing and adjustment develop automatically. Sibling rivalry too sneaks in, but it is healthy and they learn to look for positive solutions to such rivalry. \"Most second-time parents tell us that they decided to have a second child after they faced certain behavioural issues with their first born,\" said gynaecologist Arunangshu Chakraborty.Psychiatrists are extremely happy with the trend because it is automatically taking care of child stress. \"A growing number of couples want a second child now. The primary cause being loneliness faced by the single child when both parents are working with no time for the child. Insecurity is also a reason when parents fear that a single child might neglect them in their old age.Sociologists have also been studying this trend and admit that for quite sometime parents were more inclined towards earning and securing their futures and gave very little attention to procreation and procreating. But after the urban middle and upper middle class has been able to reach a certain point in the income graph, the focus has now shifted towards augmenting the family. Angshuman Sarkar, sociologist and head of the department of sociology at Presidency University feels, \"An only child will always have some behavioural deficiency because his emotional growth has not been holistic thanks to the fact that he has not learnt to share his goodies or even his parents with another child. Our 'only child' society had reached a critical stage. Naturally such unhappy kids will grow up into unhappy adults. Happily the trend is changing and it will have far reaching impact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815928", "title": "Temple town worships growth &amp; development", "text": "Rains cold not dampen the ardor of a visibly charged Uda Rani Singh. This 80-plus great grandmother from Bikapur claimed to have been all dressed and ready since 5am to reach the polling centre. Prone to slip on wet ground, Rani had taken precaution to leave her slippers back home so that her \"toes find proper support in the slush\". A few droplets on my skin would certainly not melt me, the barefooted lady said, dismissively brushing aside the umbrella offered by an eager- to -please election agent in Badai Khurd area of the constituency. The good turnout during early hours was a phenomenon they were learning to forget in this part of the state, presiding officer Ashok Kumar Tiwari said. Tiwari found the constant flow of people since 7.5am both \"unusual and heartening\".Things threatened to be a bit tricky, especially due to the recurrent power cuts in dozens of booths dotting the Lucknow-Faizabad highway NH 28. But the staff soon learnt to cope with the crisis. In booth no 274, mobile phones and torches flashed, window were flung opened and voters volunteered with lighted matches to help out the harried polling officers. The weather is not conducive for young mothers, said Ramjieet Verma, a polling agent in Jaganpur booth. \"aged and ailing also seemed a little apprehensive about a fall so we have arranged for thelas (handcarts) to ferry them up to the crossing,\" he confided. The queue inside the ITI girls college, located in the minority dominated area seemed unusually silent and orderly.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816384", "title": "Half of India still defecates in the open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Half of the country's population still defecates in the open even after 60 years of independence, the Planning Commission has admitted.Faced with the harsh reality of open defecation by a vast majority, affecting the dignity of women and girls the most, the plan panel is revamping its strategy and is set to raise spending on government programme on sanitation and drinking water.\"Around 60 crore people defecate in the open,\" plan panel member Mihir Shah said, admitting to the need for a change in government's approach. The panel is of the view that toilets should be constructed for hamlets too, apart from aiming to build toilets for households. The thinking is also to build bathrooms along with toilets.Shah said government's existing Nirmal Gram Puraskar to award villages that promote hygiene and sanitation undermine the demand-driven sanitation programme. He hinted at a dramatically higher plan allocation for sanitation.The government can afford to pump more funds into sanitation schemes as the rural development ministry has found that around Rs 10,000 crore allocated for demand-driven national job guarantee scheme (NREGA) was lying unutilized.Under its flagship Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) launched in 1991, the government had set a target of universal household sanitation coverage by 2012 which is unlikely to be achieved. While the scheme is being implemented in 606 districts of 30 states and UTs, a recent review report said 22 states will not be able to meet the target.In fact, only five states - Tripura, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala and Mizoram - will be able to meet the 2012 target, according to a report 'A Decade of the Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC)' of World Bank's Water and Sanitation Programme and the rural development ministry.The report found an increase in coverage from 21% in 2001 to over 65%. In the 1990s, only one in five rural households had access to a toilet. It also ranked the performance of states on a scale of 100. Only three states - Kerala, West Bengal and Maharashtra - have shown a score of above 75.Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Sikkim, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana and Tamil Nadu were among the states whose performance was above average (50-74). Rest of the states were ranked below average (below 25).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11816736", "title": "JCBs may push Dhar's dinosaur relics to extinction", "text": "INDORE: Whatever might have wiped out the dinosaurs of Dhar, their priceless fossils are now under threat of going to dust under the JCBs and pickaxes, while the state government is doing scarcely anything about it.The latest threat is a huge cement factory being proposed near Manawar, which, palaeontologists and environmentalists say, is the biggest challenge to the fossils that had survived over millions of years.Prof Tapas Gangopadhaya, a senior Palaeontologist who has been working on the Narmada Valley fossils for about a decade now, points out that the fossils in the upper Lameta belt of the valley are well known globally. Beneath the Lameta belt is the swathe of limestone used in cement plants. \"Limestone cannot be taken out without damaging the Lameta belt, so it is imperative to regulate mining in the area. Otherwise we will soon lose our pre-historic treasure,\" asserts Gandopadhaya, adding that a lot of fossils have already been destroyed in Jirabad by mining, and this may be repeated in Dhar too, if nothing is done immediately.Prof Gangopadhyaya also suggested that mining companies be instructed to go for inclined mining in order to take out the fossils undamaged. All fossils recovered should be deposited with a museum or a relevant institution, he urged.Former director of the Geographical Survey of India (Palaeontology division), Arun Sonakia told TOI that the area where fossils are found should be demarcated and segregated as fossil zone and a committee should look into granting of mining permissions in these areas. \"Permission for mining should only be given after surveying the ground situation. The consent should be conditional, including that the mining company would be held responsible for any damage caused to fossils,\" Sonakia said.Palaeontologist Vishal Verma said that the planned cement factory is already moving to acquire some 100 acres of land near Manawar, which is known to be one of the richest dinosaur fossil sites in the world. \"The company has actually asked for 1000 acres, and the process of acquiring the initial 100 acres has already begun. We fear that limestone mining in the area will be catastrophic for the fossil wealth\" he asserted.Highlighting the damage already being caused to the fossils from mining, Ajay Jaiswal, who has done extensive research on them, observed that severe damage has already been done to fossils in Narshingpur, Jabalpur and Hosangabad, which are considered as prime fossil areas.. \"A lot of stone chips factories are operating in those areas and the mining contractors are not bothered at all about the importance of those fossils. They take out and crush the fossils routinely, while sand contractors destroy fossils with their JCB machines almost every day,\" he said.Jaiswal says he has been seeing fossils along with the surrounding maroon and yellow soil being scooped and used even for such things as filling trenches and making the first layer for roads. If indiscriminate mining is not stopped, the same picture will be repeated in Dhar too, where a large volume of dinosaurs eggs have been found over the past five years'', he warned.Ashok Sahani, senior scientist at the Centre for Advanced Studies in Geology, and an international authority on fossils, said mining being a commercial deal, the mining companies cannot be expected to understand the value of dinosaur fossils. It is for the administration and the authorities concerned to frame rules and regulations for mining in fossil areas. \"The experience of Rahioli in Kheda district of Gujarat has been horrific. Even after establisihing a fossil park there, mining over the period of time caused huge damage to the fossils. The fossils of Dhar are also under threat and need to be protected,\" he stressed.Vishal Verma said the overriding concern was how to preserve the fossils. \"We wrote to the cement to company through district administration asking that they should at least fence off five acres on their site and develop a fossil conservation centre there. All the fossils dug out from the site should be preserved there. If that is not possible, they could also develop a fossil conservation centre at the nearby Borlai village and preserve fossils there, its ownership handed to the nearest government school,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817616", "title": "690 police officers transferred to ensure free and fair elections", "text": "PANAJI: In a bold move, the police department issued transfer orders for 690 police personnel to ensure free and fair elections in the state. More police transfers are expected this week, said sources.Most of the policemen transferred were either serving in their home district or at the same police station for more than 5 years.In a transfer order issued on Tuesday night, 84 PSIs were transferred. In another order issued by the police headquarters on Wednesday, 498 head constables and 108 assistant sub-inspectors were transferred.The transfer orders were issued after the Police Establishment Board decided that they should strictly follow the Election commission guidelines and ensure that the policemen posted in their home district should be transferred.Another matter that was discussed by the police top brass was the issue of some of policemen continuing to be posted at the same police station for more than 5 years due to their proximity with the local politicians.The police then wrote to the joint election commission, seeking approval for transfers of police officers from the rank of DySP to constables. The EC granted permission for transfers from the rank of DySP to head constables.\"We are waiting approval for transfer of police constables. Once we receive the approval, we will issue transfer orders of the constables,\" said a senior police official.However, while effecting transfer of officers from their home district, the police faced a unique problem. \"We found that there were not enough officers from South Goa to fill vacant positions in North Goa. Therefore, we took special permission from the Election commission to allow us to fill posts in North Goa police stations, even with officers whose home district is North Goa,\" the officer added.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11816712", "title": "BSNL Indore region Q3 revenue up 7% at Rs 80 cr", "text": "INDORE: State-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited's (BSNL) Indore region reported 7% rise in its revenue to Rs 80 crore in the third quarter ending December 31, 2011 as compared to the revenue of Rs 74 crore during the corresponding period the previous year, stated the company.Similarly, the revenue through broadband connection increased 18%, landline 2% and cellphone 12% during the same period, said the public sector company.Talking to ToI, Piyush Khare, senior general manager, BSNL, said, \"The number of cellphone subscribers of BSNL increased by 8,000 during the period, while the increase in broadband and landline subscribers during the period was by 3,500 and 3,000 respectively\".Meanwhile, the company has made a facility for its landline subscribers under which, the BSNL landline subscribers can avail the same personalised ringback tones that are available for its cellphone subscribers.Shyam Yadav, spokesman of BSNL, said that this facility would be available in Gujarati, Marathi, Chhattisgarhi and other languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815642", "title": "Sex racket busted, 11 held", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police have unearthed a prostitution racket running on the pretext of an \"ayurvedic spa\" in Bani Park on Wednesday.Acting on specific information that one \" Rishi Ayurvedic Spa\" was luring customers for massages but was actually running a sex racket, police sent a decoy customer. A few customers and the girls involved in sex trade were arrested.Deputy commissioner of police (west), Sharat Kaviraj, talking to TOI on Wednesday: said: \"We were informed by our sources that these people used to bring sex workers and provide them to customers whenever the latter demanded them during massages.\"\"The name of the spa allured the customers including those who prefer simple body massage. But once a customer comes inside, he was allured with various girls,\" said a police officer of Bani Park station.\"A team raided the house situated at Bhaskar Marg in a rented accommodation. We found Siju Ram, Ashish Agarwal, Harsh Vardhan, Mohammed Arif, Rokoguli, and Parmeshwar. Besides, Anita, Rubi Khan, Chirstina, Rabina and Pink (all names changed) were arrested. All were arrested and booked under various sections of Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act,\" said the officer.Assistant commissioner of police, Sadar, Bajrang Singh, said: \"They used to charge Rs 500 as entry fees and later used to charge Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000 per customer for massages and sex services.\"\"They were running running the parlour from a rented house which they took just a month back,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817641", "title": "Notice to 5 MOs for bunking night duty", "text": "NAGPUR: The deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir issued show-cause notices to five medical officers of Indira Gandhi Rugnalaya.Medical officer Dr Samina Anjum received the notice on Wednesday according to which she was found absent from duty on the night of January 21. \"It is medical officer's responsibility to stay at the hospital the entire night. The reply should be submitted within 24 hours or action would be taken,\" he said.Dr Ganvir had issued similar notices to four other medical officers last month. \"Biometric attendance system will be installed at all three NMC-run indoor hospitals now,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817258", "title": "Severe cold wave sweeps Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat shivered as a severe cold wave swept through the state on Wednesday. Temperatures dipped dramatically and almost all areas excluding the three coastal places recorded minimum temperatures below 10 degrees. Ahmedabad recorded 9.4 degrees while Naliya was the coldest at 0.8 degrees.Weather officials said that temperatures will remain low or dip lower on Thursday. After Friday, the temperatures will rise sharply and recover to normal.Intense cold wave threw normal life out of gear in Saurashtra and Kutch regions. Mercury in Naliya, Kutch, fell 9 degrees below normal.Earlier, Naliya had recorded the lowest minimum temperature in the state at 4 degrees Celsius on January 29. According to police, two beggars, one in Rajkot and the other in Junagadh died due to cold.Mercury plummeted sharply at most places and chilly winds forced people to remain indoors in the region. P 5\"In most cities and towns, temperatures were recorded six to seven degrees below normal signifying a severe cold wave,\" director of India Meteorology Department (Gujarat) Kamaljit Ray said. \"This is the first severe cold wave to sweep the entire state this season. Earlier, only Kutch has witnessed two days of intense cold wave The intense cold wave is due to extremely dry northerly winds blowing over the state following the passing of the Western Disturbance.\"In Ahmedabad, the night temperature was recorded at 9.4 degrees. Doctors said that consistently cold weather this winter season has led to 30-40 per cent rise in acute heart attacks. \"Acute heart attacks due to blockages have risen by 30-40 per cent in the past months. Extreme dips are more alarming. We have seen three acute myocardial infarctions in less than 24 hours since Tuesday night which is unusually high,\" said cardiologist Dr Sameer Dani.BOXFreeze pointsPlaceMin Temperature (degrees Celsius)Naliya0.8Kandla Airport4.4Mahuva4.9Amreli5.4Deesa5.8Gandhinagar6.2Rajkot6.3Ahmedabad9.4Vadodara10.1Surat10.7", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817315", "title": "Ideas from youth to be presented at 'Rio +20'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recommendations for a cleaner and sustainable environment compiled at the Centre for Environment Education (CEE), Ahmedabad will be presented at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development called 'Rio +20,' which will be held in Rio de Janeiro in June.The recommendations at CEE have been developed by a team of around 80 children and youth from across the world at an event called 'Asia-Pacific UNEP TUNZA Children and Youth International Conference'.\"While as much as 75% of the Indian population are less than 35 years old, the number of youths in the Asian sub-continent represents more than half of the entire young population in the world. Therefore, it is very important to take into account views and recommendations of these youths while taking decisions for a sustainable future,\" said regional information officer of United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Satwant Kaur.\"We are making the recommendations through the views of youth as in the future the earth will be inherited by them. Whatever decision is taken now will affect their life,\" said Kaur.Recommendations included involving youth in policy-making and advocacy structure of the government, eco-labelling of products to strengthen consumer responsibility, inclusion of environment quality indicator as parameter of the human development index promotion of sustainable tourism and safeguarding intellectual property rights of the local communities and also promoting research and development among youth and provide a platform for them to share their innovative ideas and projects on global corporate scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816666", "title": "Two firearms seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Tuesday arrested two persons, one a criminal on police records, and seized two firearms and nine live cartridges from their possession.Acting on a tip-off, the special investigating squad led by inspector Sunil Pawar laid a trap at Khadki bazar and arrested Tushar Dilip Mankar (23) of Kaspate Vasti, Wakad and Ghanshyam alias Gotya Raghunath Karle (24) of Parner in Ahmednagar district.Pawar said Mankar was a criminal on police records and has cases of attempt to murder and extortion against him at Chatuhshrungi and Hinjewadi police stations.\"During sustained interrogation, Mankar revealed he purchased pistol and revolver from one Dhananjay alias Balasaheb Salekar (33) of Shastrinagar, Kothrud,\" Pawar said.Salekar was arrested from Kothrud area on Wednesday. \"Salekar is also a criminal on police records. He has two cases registered against him at Kothrud police station,\" Pawar said.All three were produced before the Khadki court on Wednesday and remanded in police custody till February 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815279", "title": "Kiran seeks Rs 600 crore to placate party MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: In order to keep the Congress elected representatives happy and contented so that he has a smooth run till 2014, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is planning an increased allocation of Rs 600 crore for the Special Development Fund in the coming budget for the next financial year.The Special Development Fund for Welfare and Development Activities (SDFWDA) is a scheme of the planning department under which funds can be released entirely at the discretion of the chief minister to elected representatives for various works without calling for tender.The planning department has already moved a file to the finance department seeking this increased allocation, highly placed sources told TOI.Since there is no tender for these works, MLAs can allot it on 'nomination basis' to those who can benefit them the maximum. Projects under the scheme are also highly sought after by contractors as in the absence of any audit, they can get away with low quality work.This year, Kiran Kumar has doled out works under the Special Development Fund to several ministers and ruling party MLAs for having supported him in some manner. The silence of many Telangana Congress MLAs during the separate state agitation was bought over by 'gifting' them works under the scheme.In all, 119 government orders have been issued allotting such works under the discretion of the chief minister to 64 MLAs, MLCs and MPs this year so far totaling Rs 400 crore, the amount that was allotted in the 2011-12 budget. The allotment of Rs 600 crore for the special development fund for 2012-13 has the 'approval' of the finance department, sources said, though it is the assembly that will ultimately pass the budget .According to the sources, the money doled out under the special development fund is basically gifted to the MLAs to buy their silence and cooperation. \"In fact, none of the works get executed and in the rare cases that they do, are of very poor quality,\" said an official. Hoping to have Rs 600 crore at his disposal for the next financial year, the chief minister can be assured of doling out further largesse and buy peace from his detractors.In fact, Kiran Kumar Reddy is only following the footsteps of his predecessor Y S Rajasekhara Reddy who bought the silence of Congress MLAs by doling out Rs 50 lakh to each legislator per year in the name of constituency development fund.After Kiran Kumar took over in November 2010, he launched the special development fund in the 2011-12 financial year with an allocation of Rs 400 crore.Among the ministers to be pampered by the scheme was DK Aruna, for whom Rs 45 crore was released for the construction of a two-lane outer ring road in her native Gadwal town of Mahabubnagar district.This, when most of the major towns in the state do not have two lane roads. The other ministers who received funds under this scheme for various works included, minister S Sailajanath got Rs 6 crore allotted under the scheme for developmental works in his Singanamala assembly constituency in Anantapur district. Manikya Vara Prasad secured Rs 2.79 crore under the scheme for construction of roads and drains in his Tadikonda constituency in Guntur district and minister M Mahidhar Reddy was allotted Rs 2 crore for works in his Kandukur constituency in Prakasam district.The Telangana Congress MLAs who stood by Kiran Kumar Reddy during the Telangana movement and who benefitted from the scheme include Uttam Kumar Reddy (Rs 5 crore for his Huzurnagar constituency in Nalgonda) Rega Kantha Rao (Pinapaka), Oggela Mitrasen (Aswaraopet), P Kista Reddy (Narayankhed), Ch Muthyam Reddy (Dubbaka), T Narsa Reddy (Gajwel) and T Jayaprakash Reddy (Sangareddy).Interestingly in coastal Andhra, those who did not align with YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy are the beneficiaries of the largesse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11817234", "title": "My experience gave birth to NREGS: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "GORAKHPUR: Rahul Gandhi on Wednesday claimed authorship of UPA's flagship job scheme MNREGS. In an interaction with people here, he said, \"I learnt the biggest need of people is employment near the place one lives. This gave birth to NREGS.\"Progress, he said, was possible only when one works at the ground level and Congress has shown this is possible. \"Take NREGS, the 60,000-crore loan waiver and now the food security bill - the Congress has done it all.\"Repeating his oft-stated stand that UPA has never held back funds for UP, he said: \"Mayawati gets MNREGS money stolen and then says the scheme would not benefit anyone.\" Mulayam Singh Yadav, he said, became chief minister thrice and on all three occasions his \"umeed ki cycle\" sprung a puncture.\"Now, he claims he will give free electricity if voted to power-where will he get electricity from? From the skies? His umeed ki cycle has hopes for goons and other such elements,\" Rahul said, his rhetoric and body language getting aggressive with every passing rally he addresses.He asked people if Mayawati and Mulayam had given anything to the state in 22 years, barring corruption and poor law and order. He said schools and hospitals in the rural areas were non-functional. \"When I come to meet you, eat your food, drink your water, the opposition leaders say that I have gone mad. They want to know why I come to you,\" he said.He said that in 2004, when Congress formed the government, it did not make 20-25 promises but assured it would be a government for the people.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11817406", "title": "From Gurgaon to Guru Gram?", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal councillors of Gurgaon have proposed to change the name of the city to Guru Gram and have formed a committee to address this matter. They are expected to pass a resolution on the issue in the next House meeting.However, the decision has predictably not found favour among many residents including the district commissioner who has rubbished the idea saying that the move would entail unwarranted expenses, and that the city has already made a place for itself in the global map by the name of Gurgaon.\"The councillors can take as many resolutions as they want but they have to be finally approved by the government. Rather than talking about changing the name of the city, the councillors should focus on issues pertaining to development. Unnecessary confusion will be created if the name of the city is changed; not only would it lead to controversies, a lot of resources and energy will be wasted. Moreover, it would lead to needless expenditure that would run into crores of rupees. Gurgaon has made its mark on the world map because of what it already is and I feel there is absolutely no need to change its name,\" said P C Meena, deputy commissioner, Gurgaon.If the proposal does get executed, Gurgaon will become the first city in the state whose name will be changed. The origin of the city's name is steeped in Hindu mythology. Legend has it that Gurgaon is the ancestral village of Guru Dronacharya, the martial arts teacher to the Pandavas and Kauravas, whose story is told in the Indian epic, Mahabharata.The councillors, meanwhile, are quite enthusiastic about the change of name and are hopeful that they would be able to garner the needed majority to pass the resolution. \"Most of us feel that the city should be renamed Guru Gram to emphasize the fact that this is where Guru Dronacharya used to live. Not many people these days are aware of it and there is nothing wrong in renaming it. The financial commissioner and principal secretary of the revenue and disaster management department have already written to the district authorities to seek their opinion about the name change,\" said a committee member.The mayor, too, has stated that the issue will come up for discussion in the next meeting. \"There are some councillors who have expressed their desire that the name should be changed and we will discuss the matter. To begin with, we are also thinking of having Guru Dronacharya's photograph displayed at all the city entrances,\" said Vimal Yadav, mayor.A majority of the residents feel that the councillors should do something meaningful and ponder on urgent issues like shortage of water and electricity, better roads, and proper sewage system, rather than wasting public money on changing the name of the city. \"The reason why we elected them is not to change the name of the city but to change its condition and make it a better place to live in. Today, the whole world, including the corporate bigwigs, knows Gurgaon by its name because of the IT hub that it has become. Instead of thinking about the future, these councilors want to go back in time and do meaningless things which will anyway not make any difference to a common man's life,\" said Vikram Sharma, a Sushant Lok resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11817618", "title": "Gurgaon kidney racket: Witness backs out", "text": "PANCHKULA: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) suffered a setback on Wednesday in the infamous Gurgaon kidney scandal case as Mohammad Shahid, who had promised to turn government witness in the hearing on February 3, backed out when the case came up for hearing before CBI judge A S Narang. Shahid had acted as a middleman between Dr Amit's Hospital and the kidney victims.The multi-billion rupee Gurgaon kidney scandal came to light in January 2008 when police arrested several people for running a kidney transplant racket in Gurgaon. Kidneys from many victims, mostly poor hailing from nearby western Uttar Pradesh, were allegedly transplanted into clients from United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Saudi Arabia and Greece .A police raid in this regard was prompted by complaints from locals of Muradabad about illegal kidney sales. The main accused in the scandal, Amit Kumar, was arrested in Nepal on February 7 in 2008, but has time and again denied any hand in the criminal activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11817388", "title": "Victorious bhangra team can't stop gushing", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GNIMT), Model Town, have been reveling in the honours they bought for the city by bagging second position in the national intervarsity youth festival at Nagpur. The team was declared national team in bhangra for 2012 and its 10 members awarded medals.Sachpreet Singh of Atampark said they lost the top slot to Karnataka by very thin margin.Micky Singh of Dugri said on his return from Nagpur, his parents gifted him a blackberry phone and very soon he will be getting a new bike, all thanks to the bhangra. Parminder Singh of Jamalpur said in this chilly weather, all of the members used to reach college auditorium at 4.30am and used to practice till 7am. Then after attending the classes, they used to practice again at 5 in the evening till 8pm.Jagwinder Singh of Gill Chowk is happy that they put up such a good show, while Vikramjeet Singh of New Shimlapuri shared that all of the members had pledged not to have non-vegetarian food till they reach the finals.Ajeet Singh of Dhandra feels it is not easy to be in the nationals because before that one has to clear many interzonal levels. Gurminder Singh of Dhabha said daily before practicing, they used to visit a gurdwara and pray for victory. Sukhwinder Singh of Model Town said practicing was so hard that he once had fainted.\"After winning, I spent more than Rs 8,000 on shopping,\" said Sukhwinder. Baljinder Singh of Azad Nagar said because of the practice , he was not able to devote time to his studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817212", "title": "No fashion show in Spectrum '12", "text": "BHOPAL: Seems that the prestigious National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) is not keeping up with the trend. The premier institute will not hold any fashion show in its two-day annual cultural event which will begin on Friday thanks to the faculty shortage. The institute is in fact grappling to find takers for holding the fashion show.Referring to this disinterest among the students and faculties, the registrar MP Singh, who heads NIFT-Bhopal in absence of a full-time director, said the institute does not have any plan for having a fashion design specialization. He refused to comment any further on the issue.Sources at NIFT, however, insist that courses in fashion and apparel design are indeed essential. \"We would have introduced the fashion designing course in the current session had things fallen on place, \" said a faculty on condition of anonymity.NIFT-Bhopal also lacks a full-fledged campus in addition to the shortage of faculty.Currently, the students opting for NIFT-Bhopal campus can only choose a bachelor's degree of design in Accessory Design or Textile Design. The shortage of faculty has deprived students of specialization in fashion design and garment technology, considered an important subject in the fashion industry. However, some faculties of the institute insist that students are being taught elements of pattern making and garment stitching along with surface design techniques in the course curriculum.The first batch of graduates from NIFT-Bhopal would pass out in July. The institute is temporarily located on the campus of Bhoj Open University.BOXThe event list for 'Spectrum-2012' includes a workshop for orphans, quiz and games along with painting and photography contests amongst others. Various colleges from the state capital are likely to participate in the event. Another highlight is a local rock band's performance on Saturday. \"The entry is restricted for event pass holders only,\" Spectrum-2012 student organizer, Anmol Kaur, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "11816634", "title": "Sankarankovil normal, yet tense", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: After a night of sudden violence and rioting, Sankarankovil dawned to a peaceful Wednesday even as an air of tension was palpable.Police went all out to bring back a semblance of normalcy and succeeded to a large extent in preventing the incident from snowballing. The police also managed to get shops opened and vehicles to ply through the violence-hit streets of Sankarankovil. While 19 persons have been arrested from both warring groups on charges of pelting petrol bombs and rioting, police are on the lookout for many more.The clash between two religious groups left over 20 persons including three policemen injured in the stone pelting incident on Tuesday night that broke out after a miscreant from one group allegedly hurled a slipper into the place of worship of the other group.The members of two groups confronted each other and soon they were hurling stones and later petrol bombs at each other. Several shops were damaged, while two cars and three two-wheelers were set on fire. Six more vehicles were also damaged. \"There is absolute normalcy now. We have deployed six companies of Tamil Nadu Special Police, besides 350 armed reserve police,\" said Tirunelveli DIG V Varadharaju. Central zone IG Rajesh Das is also camping here.The incident could not have come at a worse time for the ruling AIADMK as Sankarankovil assembly segment is gearing up for the by-elections. The government though keen on diffusing the tension also wants to tread a safe path to avoid antagonising any group. It was apparent from the action of the police as well as revenue officials, who rushed to the spot and immediately after quelling the violence, brought the two groups for peace talks. However, representatives from both groups refused to attend another round of peace talks on Wednesday morning as both demanded that the cases against them be withdrawn. One of the groups who owned most of the shops damaged also sought compensation.The officials, although strictly warning them not to resort to further violence, also took care that their actions did not antagonise any group.Meanwhile, John Pandian, who met the injured persons at Palayamkottai government hospital, told reporters that the incident was totally unexpected as both sections of the people were living in harmony. However, he criticised senior police officials for not taking pre-emptive action to prevent the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11815508", "title": "No contractor bids for sewerage project at Sonar Fort", "text": "JAISALMER: No contractor is ready to lay a new sewerage line to stop seepage of water in the foundation of 855-year-old Sonar Fort in Jaisalmer.The last date for bidding to the tender floated for laying 2,200 metre at an estimated cost of Rs 4.8 crore was February 3 but no contractor had applied till the last date. Sources attributed the non-interest of the contractors to the possibilities of local residents creating obstacles during the work. RUIDP, the authorised agency, is now going to extend the last date for the tender.Around 10 years back, Avas Vikas Sansthan had laid a six-inch-thick sewerage pipeline at an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore. But since the diameter of the sewerage line was small, it got choked with plastics, garbage and other items, resulting in water flowing on to the hill and seeping into the foundation of the fort.Water has been seeping into the fort's foundation for many years now making it hollow. Scientists from IIT and other geo-technique experts have looked into the problem and have suggested laying a new sewerage line. The Central government has also approved the project and allotted Rs 5 crore for it.Three years back, the RUIDP had sought permission from the (Archaeological Survey of India) ASI for changing the sewerage line but it got the nod just last month.RUIDP executive engineer Mahendra Singh confirmed that no contractor has put up a bid for laying the new sewerage line of Rs 4.80 crore. He said the last date for bidding is being extended.Singh further said the old sewerage line inside the fort will be changed with a special type of sewerage line which is generally used for drinking water.Along with the sewerage line which will be connected to houses, drinking water pipeline will also be laid. Officials said the sewerage project of Sonar Fort is quite challenging and residents of the fort will face some problems, but they will get a permanent solution to this problem.Singh added that the ASI has issued directions to those house-owners, who have made encroachments, that they will not be given new connection of the sewerage line. This decision is being protested by the residents and they threatened not to allow the laying of the new sewerage line.World Watch Monument India representative Amita Baig said if no contractors bid within the next fixed date, then contractors from outside the state including from Delhi and Mumbai will be called to get the work done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816295", "title": "BJP\u2019s moral journey: from pub attack to porngate", "text": "Sex and porn in real-time assembly. Such is the irony of the ruling party of Karnataka, points out Dhillon Chandramouli, organizer of SlutWalks in Bangalore. \"It's disgusting that the BJP, time and again, takes such a high moral stance on how we express ourselves. And now, the minister for women &amp; child development CC Patil is caught watching porn during the session,\" says Chandramouli.\"People are free to watch it in their private space. But viewing it in the assembly is like polluting a holy place,\" stresses filmmaker Girish Kasaravalli, adding, \"And the perpetrators belong to a party that not so long ago created such a big ruckus over women drinking beer!\"Such double standards are a comment on our social fabric that is on the verge of being torn apart. Pioneer of low-cost aviation Capt Gopinath says: \"It's in our culture now to use influence and money to buy off people with the arrogance and complacence that 'I can get away with murder'.\"Capt Gopinath's intention of contesting elections a few years ago as an independent candidate was to draw middle-class citizens into the fold of democracy. \"But 50% of the voting population chose to chill out at clubs or vacation. The middle class simply has to take part in scripting the future,\" says Gopinath.Lead India finalist and head of India Foundation for Arts Arundhati Ghosh says: \"I live in a city where I can't dance, I can't stay up late, the cops blame me for attracting the wrong kind of attention because of the clothes I wear, and, ministers of state watch porn during the assembly session! Such is the satire called Bangalore, the global, IT city!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817124", "title": "MCD online plan crawls, people say reboot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Municipal Corporation of Delhi's (MCD) ambitious project to sanction building plans online, which was aimed at simplifying a lengthy procedure and weeding out corruption, has ended up creating a roadblock.In January, the civic agency started sanctioning building plans online for fresh constructions in authorized colonies in all its 12 zones, and since then the number of plans sanctioned has dwindled. The agency approved just 36 building plans online in January as against about 150 sanctioned manually in December 2011.At present, MCD is sanctioning only fresh building plans in approved colonies online, under the simplified procedure. For alterations and additional constructions, plans have to be submitted manually.Though architects and MCD officials admit that this project has the potential of checking graft and ensuring structurally safer buildings in the city, the decision to suddenly stop accepting applications manually has not gone down well with people.\"They should have allowed both manual and online submission initially. People, architects and, most importantly, MCD officials at the zonal level need to get used to the system. It is a big project and technical errors are bound to creep in. They stopped the manual system without streamlining the new system. It is a very time-consuming process,'' said Neeraj Dhingra, an architect empanelled with MCD.MCD zones like Shahdara (South), West, South, Central and Rohini receive maximum number of applications related to building plans and these zones are the worst hit. In Shahdara (South), which on an average received close to 40-45 applications under the simplified procedure, no plans were sanctioned in the month of January. Similarly, just one plan was sanctioned as against 20-25 in December 2011.With just 403 architects registered with MCD for online submission, people are having a hard time getting their plans approved. MCD officials say that these architects have hiked their charges arbitrarily.When TOI contacted an empanelled architect posing as a client, she asked for Rs 30,000-Rs 40,000 just to upload a building plan - made by some other architect - on MCD's website. The charges depend on the area. \"Earlier, people could get the building plan made from any architect, but now they have to get it made from the empanelled ones. People are facing a lot of inconvenience,'' said an MCD official.Why are a majority of architects fighting shy of the system? It's a mix of old habits dying hard, lack of familiarity with the new system and scepticism.Several architects complain that there are serious problems related to the server, especially while uploading the plans.\"One has to load and check the plan several times before all the errors are removed. MCD should have a software to check the errors in real time. We can download the software. A lot of time is wasted in uploading the documents several times. Often their server doesn't work and the applications crash midway,\" says Munish Pandit, who is empanelled with MCD.This Monday, the server was down for three-four hours. \"We were carrying out checking of the server to rectify the errors,'' said Y S Mann, director, press and information, MCD. Officials admit that architects are taking a lot of time in rectifying errors. In some cases, they have had to upload the plan at least 12-15 times.\"The software for sanctioning building plan online doesn't accept any deviation from the building bylaws and Master Plan of Delhi-2021. Even a 0.1% change in any parameter will generate an error,'' said an MCD official with the building department.Officials say these are just teething problems and will be sorted out soon. \"Not many people would have opted for online had we kept the manual submission open. We are training architects in uploading the plans and rectifying errors,'' says Mann. While the plan has to be applied for online, the civic agency demands a hard copy of all the documents, including the plan, to be submitted at the zonal offices.\"We can't sanction the plan until the architect or owner has submitted a hard copy of all the relevant documents in our office,'' said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11817810", "title": "Girl hangs self due to academic pressure", "text": "AMRAVATI: Anxious about failure, a student of Shri Shivaji Science college killed herself in her hostel room.The deceased Snehal Shirbhate hails from Karajgaon village and was student of BSc second year. She used to share her hostel room with Sneha Bhongale. On Tuesday, Snehal and Sneha had food together. But Snehal left for her relative's home and did not return to hostel at night. When Snehal was alone, she hanged herself.When Snehal did not open her room until 11am, other hostel residents forced the door open. Sources said that Snehal left the suicide note in which she mentioned about she was tense about failure in the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817876", "title": "Guardians hail cops' for literacy drive", "text": "PATNA: The men in khaki are better known for their action against criminals and maintaining law and order in a civil society. However, the cops are on a literacy drive for the last 15 days in Phulwarisharif, on the outskits of Patna, these days helping minor boys and girls to get enrolled in different schools and pursue their education under their care.According to Phulwari DSP Rakesh Kumar Dubey, the task is difficult, but it is not impossible for policemen as they are committed to development of society. This mission will be another kind of social policing for them to make the children of have-nots literate, he said. According to Dubey, this was an idea supported by Patna SSP Alok Kumar and city SP Kim who on Wednesday personally supervised the enrollment process at Phulwari. Under the direct supervision of the SSP, the policemen have so far identified about 350 children in and around Phulwari areas who are either dropouts from schools or they were denied opportunity to go to schools, he said.According to the SSP, these children were either domestic helps or employed as child labourers in Phulwari areas.\"The policemen motivated them and then persuaded their guardians to get them admitted to government schools.As many as 350 children, including 170 girls under 14 years of age, were enrolled in seven government schools located in Phulwari areas on Wednesday. Each of them was given slate, pencil, biscuits and toffees by the policemen at the time enrollment,\" he said.According to Dubey, the police team, comprising four police officers of Phuwlari police station, have been asked to maintain a record of these children and keep a tab on their school attendance. The police patrolling party would also keep a close watch on these children to provide all possible help to them, he said.Guardians of poor children and social activists of Phulwari, who were present at the time of enrollment of these children, lauded the role of cops for taking up such a noble cause.The Phulwari police under the supervision of Dubey have proved that social policing is also a responsibility of the policemen to make Bihar a developed and literate state, said a social activist, Arvind Gupta of Phulwari..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "rate ***1/2 music", "code": "11819773", "title": "Ekk Deewana Tha", "text": "Rate ***1/2 Music: A R Rahman Tracks: 12 Label: Sony MusicAfter Akon , Pitbull , Lady Gaga , Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey visited the country for their professional commitments, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that pop artist Jennifer Lopez will be arriving here next month. She will perform at the opening ceremony of the sporting league owned by Raj Kundra and Sanjay Dutt , scheduled in the city on March 11 at Andheri Sports Complex.A source from the league told Mumbai Mirror, \"Ever since the launch of the league, Raj wanted to have a grand opening ceremony. Having JLo for a dance performance on the opening night was completely his idea. So the management got in touch with the artist's manager and finalised everything.\"Revealing her arrival date, the source added, \"She will be here on March 6 and stay at a suburban five-star. Due to her rehearsals, they will ensure her hotel is not too far away from the venue. She will perform on some of her biggest hits, including her latest album Love. She will fly out of the country the next day.\"When contacted, Kundra, who is currently in Germany, confirmed the story and said, \"There are many surprises in store.\"The first thought on listening to Ekk Deewana Tha is of how much Bollywood audience misses out on A R Rahman's dazzling Tamil works, which fortunately or not, is more than half of his compositions. Thanks to director Gautham Menon's decision to remake Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya, Rahman's return to romance in Bollywood after four years (Jaane Tu...Ya Jaane Na was in 2008) is expectedly remarkable.What makes this soundtrack special is how inconspicuously it holds five gems in a row that could have been scattered across five Bollywood soundtracks as stand-out songs and yet would have single-handedly saved the day. Dost Hai (Girl I Loved You) surreptitiously installs a manic groove in your head with its deep bass, fresh melody and beats-heavy arrangement. Amidst the sounds of guns cocking, shooting and a synth keeping a racy rhythm, Naresh Iyer sings with part-rap and hip hop sections spat out by Jaspreet Jasz and Arya.Phoolon Jaisi Ladki reasserts Rahman's comfort with minimalism - a one-note bell in the backdrop and simple beats that emphasise Clinton Cerejo's endearing lines. Liberal use of autotune in the second verse is for such delicious effect that you may forgive all the misuse it gets subjected to in the 'coolest' of today's songs. Mellow guitars and mellower synthesisers exalt romance to operatic heights in the Madhushree-Rahman duet Sharminda Hoon. What also helps are the sweeping background ambience and Akhtar's sparkling lyrics - Tumko maine chaaha bhi hai...tumhi ko maine gham bhi diye...Sharminda hoon.Aromale (which means Beloved in Malayalam) is a grungy acoustic piece par excellence in VV, but in Hindi, Akhtar's dense lyrics burden the track's mind-bending quotient until it flattens out like an unplugged jam. Again, unlike VV's Hosanna that was spot-on in its mushy space, this version lacks spontaneity. Let's not even get to how sorely we miss Blaaze's ace rapping from the original.Javed Ali intimately puts out a wondering, wandering Zohra Jabeen; the title track of VV. Rahman takes to the mic, musing what love is all about in the hard-to-like, Waltz rhythm-driven Kya Hai Mohabbat. An ode to 70's rock era, Jessie's driving me crazy is a bread-and-butter classic rock number with a simple distortion riff and standard drumming. Three instrumentals - Broken Promises, Moments in Kerala and Jessie's Land - are stuff that Rahman could effortlessly stack up over a few hours of musical introspection. The hum and feel of Jessie's Land evokes fond memories of Latika's Theme from Slumdog Millionaire.While it is irresistible to compare this 'remade' album with the original and point out some loss in magic, Rahman doesn't once let his soaring music dip. Once again, he shows how romance revels in his music console in all its glory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "warangal/khammam", "code": "11814948", "title": "Ramana keeps silent on kickbacks to TDP leaders", "text": "WARANGAL/KHAMMAM: Nunna Venkata Ramana, the liquor syndicate kingpin who reportedly paid bribes to excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana and several other politicians, conveniently did not mention the payments he made to TDP leaders in his confessional statement to ACB, which made startling disclosures in its remand report.Meanwhile, CPM, CPI and New Democracy leaders ridiculed Ramana's charges and said they had received donations from him for party activities and had also issued receipts to him.Sources said Ramana, who hails from Vuyyalavadu village in Dornakal mandal, was a former Government Railway Police (GRP) constable.The constable-turned-liquor syndicate kingpin has contacts with TDP leaders and did not mention their names during his interrogation. Ramana's brother-in-law, Talluri Babu, is the mandal TDP president and reportedly bribed the local TDP MLA from Dornakal to run the liquor business in the constituency.Khammam CPM district unit said that it had taken donations from the liquor trader for building up the party like any other political outfit and added that receipts were issued to Ramana for the money he donated.It denied that the party took bribes to allow Ramana to run his business in Khammam district.CPI district secretary Hemanth Rao said they had received Rs 2 lakh from Ramana as donation to the party.\"We have accounted for the donation received in the party fund,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "city youths who have always looked up to cricketer yuvraj singh are now hitting bookstores to purchase lance armstrong's autobiography 'it's not about the bike", "code": "11817396", "title": "Feeling one with Yuvraj", "text": "City youths who have always looked up to cricketer Yuvraj Singh are now hitting bookstores to purchase Lance Armstrong's autobiography 'It's not about the bike: My journey back to life', which Yuvi is reading for inspiration these days. For, they feel that the book will help them relate better to his problem and understand what he is going through.Launched on May 22, 2000, the autobiography by American cycling legend and seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong has received various awards over the years. He had written the book after he was diagnosed with cancer and it covers his journey from childhood to 1999.Anmol Gupta, who works with a communication company and was at a Sector 17 bookstore to buy the book, said, \"Lance Armstrong is a youth icon like Yuvraj. Yuvi is a tough guy who inspires youngsters, especially those who believe in hard work. I am also reading the autobiography like him to understand what he is going through.\"Sahil Sharma, a first-year pharmacy student, said \"I was very disheartened when I came to know about Yuvraj's problema?\u00a6 he has made our country proud so many times. I understand what he is going through, as my grandfather, too, suffered from the disease. I bought the book the day I learnt that Yuvraj was reading it. I have read half of it and feel that everyone should have it.\"Madhu Sharma, a student of mass communication-II, said, \"Some time back, I fell while running and my leg was fractured. I was told that I will have to discontinue my sports activities. I was quite depressed. Then, my schoolteacher gifted me this book. When I came to know that my favourite cricketer was reading it, I again took it outa?\u00a6 the book is very inspiring.\"Kshitij Kapoor, a BTech final-year student, said, \"I have bought the autobiography to find out how it will help Yuvi tide the crises. After this, I will also read his second autobiography, 'Every second counts'.\"Pankaj P Singh, chief executive of The Browser Library and Book Store, Sector 8, said, \"The book has become very popular especially among youngsters. It narrates the story of a champ and his fight to be a champ in the true sense. That is why, it inspires the youth.\"Ajay Arora, manager of a book depot in Sector 17, said, \"In India, cycling is not a famous sport, but still the book is a hit. We have sold many of its copies. With Yuvi reading it, his fans, too, want to possess the autobiography.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816759", "title": "Curbs sought on use of loudspeakersat religious places", "text": "PUNE: Organisations and experts in the city, who have been fighting against noise pollution, have welcomed the recent directions of the Delhi high court that restrict the decibel level of loudspeakers at religious places. The organisations have appealed for a similar court order for Maharashtra.The Delhi high court has directed all mosques and temples in Ekta Vihar and Sunder Nagri in East Delhi to restrict the decibel level of loudspeakers. The loudspeakers should be positioned at a restricted height of only eight feet from the ground. The court also directed them to change the direction of loudspeakers and make them face the wall of the building, and not outside, to reduce the noise level.\"Such acts cause irritation to people who may not be interested in such practices and propagation, irrespective of the religious community they may belong to,'' stated the court.YT Oke, founder-secretary of the anti-noise pollution committee, Mumbai, said, \"Generally, the loudspeakers are installed at the highest point, facing outside, in temples, mosques and other religious places, and causes disturbance to people and interferes their peaceful life. Rather, loudspeakers should face inside the premise of religious place so that it is audible to the devotees who want to listen and not disturb others.''To protect people from the harmful effects of noise, Oke had filed three PILs in Bombay HC in 1985, 1995 and 2003 respectively. \"We have been pursuing this matter for long. A notice of motion was filed in Bombay high court in this regard but it is yet to be heard by the court,'' he said.Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of Mumbai-based NGO Awaaz Foundation, said: \"There are specific instances of complaints and petitions filed by common people who are disturbed by the loudspeakers. And the court order has been passed, restricting use of loudspeakers in these particular areas. In one case, the Mumbai high court has passed an order restricting the decibel level of loudspeakers in one religious area in Mumbai. Now, what we require is a general order for the entire state.''In 2004, Abdulali filed a notice of motion in her pending PIL saying that loudspeakers should be banned at religious places. The state government filed an affidavit stating that a supplementary notification has been issued to include all religious places in silence zone, and has been circulated to all civic bodies. But the notification was not implemented, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11817408", "title": "Phase 1 of UP polls: High turnout in rural, urban areas", "text": "LUCKNOW: Long queues were seen outside polling booths in Muslim-dominated areas during the first phase of voting in Uttar Pradesh. Similar scenes were witnessed in Muslim-dominated villages in Sitapur, Barabanki, Balrampur, Basti and Bahraich.The turnout of urban middle class was also encouraging. Mahant Sarjukunj in Ayodhya, Yugul Kishore, said that after the Ram Temple movement in the late 1980s, this is the first time he has seen the middle class coming out to vote in such large numbers.In Barabanki city, 70-year-old Phoobali not only came to cast her vote but also brought her five daughters-in-law to exercise their franchise. \"Yahi tou mauka hai, netaon ko sabak sikhane ka (This is the time when we can teach lessons to politicians),\" she said. Kunti Devi (65) in Khairabad, Sitapur, said she has come to vote for change. \"We want development,\" she said.The youth, though, were the most enthusiastic, both in urban and rural areas. They also appeared to care the least about caste and communal factors. \"I am not voting for any party, but a candidate. You can hold a candidate responsible the next time he comes back to ask for votes but parties fool us by changing candidates and raising unnecessary caste and communal issues,\" said Ramhet in Bharkhamau village in Barabanki.Chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said the increase was witnessed both in the urban and rural areas of the districts, but he added that urban voters turned up in larger numbers. Initial estimates of the state election officer showed the percentage was almost 15 to 16 points higher than in the last assembly elections in the districts. Sinha said women and first-time voters were enthusiastic about the polls.\"The turnout was relatively lower in Balrampur, Siddharthanagar and Shravasti where poll percentage stood at around 58%,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814889", "title": "\u2018AP has gained most from tech ties with Iran\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh has benefited the most by the exchange of technology and experience between Indian and Iranian companies. Of the $750 million of volume of trade in South India, the state has a share of $ 500 million, said Mahmoud Safari, consul general of the Islamic Republic of Iran on Wednesday. With trade between India and Iran reaching $15 billion, the two countries have been contributing to each other's economy.While a lion's share of the trade of $10 billion is derived from petroleum and petroleum products, another $5 billion comes from non petroleum related business deals. Education too is an important factor which binds the two countries, he added.Speaking at the 33rd anniversary of the victory of the Islamic Revolution in Iran, Safari said that Aasmaan Airlines of the Islamic Republic of Iran is very soon going to operate direct flights between Hyderabad and Mashhad.Safari appreciated the Indian government's stand against the sanctions on Iranian oil and went on to note that Indian companies were doing well in Iran. Highlighting the bright business prospects the state has as a stakeholder in Indo-Iranian trade, Safari said that two months ago a 17-member delegation of FAPCCI had visited Iran and reverted with positive feedback. He added that there are nearly 5,000 Iranian students pursuing higher education in colleges and universities in South India.Due to Hyderabad's close cultural ties with Iran, Safari said that the city and the state enjoy visits of political and cultural authorities from Iran and hoped that cultural, economic and political relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Andhra Pradesh would bear fruitful results.Speaking on the crushing sanctions imposed on the country by the US and European Union in retaliation to the Iran's nuclear programme, Safari said, \"Our nuclear programme and its use is for peaceful purposes and has been attested several times by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and that Iran is not deviating from implementation of the programme for peaceful purposes. It has been suggested by many countries that the issue of the Iran's nuclear programme should be sorted out by means of dialogue.\"Describing the Islamic Revolution in Iran as a movement which brought stability to the country, Safari said, \"The fight against drug smugglers by the government, the success in the field of education by achieving more than 90% literacy and the empowerment of women in all fields so much so that today we have 65% girl students studying in universities are evidences of the success of the struggle and point to the success of the Islamic Republic of Iran.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11820765", "title": "Australian university planning campus in Gujarat", "text": "KOLKATA: Australia-based University of Wollongong (UOW) is planning to establish a 72-acre campus in Ahmedabad, an official from the varsity said.Indian students have a major presence in our country. So, we thought why not establish a campus here which will allow them to get the Australian flavour of education without having to leave their shores, Craig Peden, director, corporate relations, UOW, said.Peden also said the university was mulling to establish a branch of Innovation Campus (IC), a technology and research precinct developed by it. With a view to forge partnership with India in the field of RD in areas like advance manufacturing, energy storage etc, we are looking for a suitable place here to establish a branch of the IC, added Peden.IC's brand ambassador and Australian cricketer Adam Gilchrist had visited New Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore last year to scout for a suitable place for the Indian branch.The facility will be the UOW's second international campus alongside Dubai.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817737", "title": "Boyfriend, 4 others rape 19-yr-old after spiking her drink", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested four college students and launched a hunt for another student for allegedly raping a 19-year-old woman after spiking her drinks at a party. The arrested include the woman's boyfriend K Sivanandan (19) of Anakaputhur.Police said Sivanandan, a first year hotel management student of a private college in the city, had taken the woman to a friend's place Sunday evening where she passed out after having drinks. He dropped her at her place Monday morning after he and his friends allegedly raped her. The woman, a salesgirl in a supermarket, has been admitted to a government hospital in Egmore with bleeding injuries. She is now stable, doctors said.The incident came to light when the doctors treating her found signs of rape. They informed police on Tuesday. Following this, Sankar Nagar police inspector M Christopher got the woman's statement in the presence of the doctors. Joint commissioner of police (south zone) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran said, \"Sivanandan lured his girlfriend and took her to his friend Arvind Santhosh's house in Anakaputhur. The accused apparently spiked her drinks and raped her.\" The others arrested are Santhosh (19), an engineering student, Hariharan (19), a first year polytechnic student, and Deepan Kumar (18), a first year BTech student. A search is on for their friend Navin (19), a first year engineering student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11815096", "title": "Bike thefts continue", "text": "NASHIK: The incidents of vehicle thefts in the city continued with five more vehicles reported stolen from different parts of the city on Tuesday. A Hero Honda bike was stolenfrom the Bytco College Gate, while two Hero Honda motorcycles parked infront of the residence of Amol Belekar of Hanumant Nagar, Lokhande Mala, Nashik Road were stolen.Upnagar police are investigating both the cases. Meanwhile, a complaint of an Activa scooter stolen on January 29 from the parking Oxford Blue Society, Lavte Nagar was lodged by Pallavi Patil. Meanwhile, one more Hero Hondabike was reported stolen from the Golf Club Grounds. TNNTNNA complaint has beenregistered at the Sarkarwada police station.The incidents of vehicle thefts in the city continue unabated. Five more vehicles were reported stolen on Tuesday in different areas of the city. A Hero Honda bike was reported stolen from the Bytco College Gate on February 3. Two hero Honda motorcycles parked in front of the house of Amol Belekar of Hanumant Nagar, Lokhande Mala, Nashik Road were reported stolen between Monday 9 pm and Tuesday 9.30 pm. Upnagar police are investigating both the cases. Meanwhile, a complaint of an Activa scooter stolen on January 29 from the parking Oxford Blue Society, Lavte Nagar was lodged on Tuesday. A complaint in this regard has been registered by Pallavi Patil. Meanwhile, one more Hero Honda bike was reported stolen from the Golf Club Grounds on Tuesday at 2.30 pm. An offence has been registered at the Sarkarwada Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816624", "title": "HC admits VS son's plea against probe", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday admitted two writ appeals by V S Arun Kumar, son of opposition leader V S Achuthanandan. The petitions challenge the single judge order that disagreed to quash the State government's move to order a vigilance probe against him.The division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice P R Ramachandra Menon admitted the appeals without hearing and ordered to send notices to the government and vigilance department.On September 30 last year, Arun's contention that a vigilance enquiry against him won't be fair as the complainant chief minister Oommen Chandy is in charge of the vigilance wing was turned down by the high court. During the LDF rule, a Lok Ayukta probe was ordered on the corruption allegations raised by Chandy against him.When UDF came to power, the Lok Ayukta enquiry was withdrawn and a probe by the vigilance department was ordered. The move was based on the ground that Arun is not a public servant and so cannot be probed by the Lok Ayukta.Arun Kumar had filed two petitions in the court -- one challenging the UDF government's move to revoke the enquiry by Lok Ayukta and another questioning the fairness of a vigilance enquiry.As the matters were closely connected, the court had considered both the petitions together, and held that the contentions of Arun Kumar cannot be accepted. \"If the contention is accepted, the result would be that no agency in this State will be competent to conduct the probe,\" justice Antony Dominic had said. Further, the court had held that Arun Kumar's argument is against the legal principles regarding the independence enjoyed by investigating officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11814852", "title": "2 more arrests in Muthoot fake gold scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the crime branch arrested five men in the Muthoot fake gold scam, the cops have found that the company has lodged similar complaints at three more different police stations in Delhi - Kalkaji, Shakarpur and Daryaganj. All these police stations have Muthoot branches there.\"We have detained two more people in this regard. We are ascertaining whether they are employees of the finance company. However, the fact that such a racket have been running from even south Delhi suggests the gang was larger than estimated and several more insiders might be involved with the crime that has been going on in the past two years,'' said a source.Additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia hinted more arrests were likely but refused to speculate on the involvement of any more company official. Muthoot Finance too stated in a statement that they were cooperating with the cops. \"Muthoot Fincorp Ltd is happy that their internal inspection processes have led to initial detection of the crime. The police authorities too have acted very quickly on our complaint and nabbed the suspects. It is good that the arrests have been made quickly, thereby preventing any loss to the unsuspecting public. This should help to enhance the customer confidence in Muthoot Fincorp which spends substantially to fortify its branch systems and processes. The Company has no comments to make at this stage on the modus operandi and other details of the case, as the investigations are still in progress and do not wish them to be prejudicially affected by any pre-mature comments,\" their statement read.Last week, the crime branch unearthed a racket of five cheats - including a manager of Muthoot Finance and another its sales executive - for allegedly availing loans after depositing fake gold biscuits and ornaments. Worse, they even managed to sell some of these biscuits. The scam is estimated to be more than Rs 2.5 crore with cops tracing those loans worth Rs 2 crore has been picked by the gang by depositing these fake biscuits at eight different branches of Muthoot Finance and India Info Line. \"We also recovered dyes used for making fake gold biscuits and coins which were used to deposit in various financial banks and avail a loan of Rs two crore,\" said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.Sources claimed at least eight others, including employees from three branches of a private financial company are involved with the bank. The arrested have been identified as Dheeraj Sachdeva (25), Matloob Saifi (29), Sandeep Verma (36), Daljeet Singh (33) and Charanjeet (56). Sachdeva is the Sales Manager with Muthoot Fincorp Ltd while Saifi worked as Manager in the bank's Karol Bagh branch. Singh is a gold smith Charanjeet is a Dye Maker. Two friends of one absconding Jeetender - a goldsmith - and one employee each of Najafgarh Muthoot and Najafgarh In foline are being investigated for their role.Sources say it has come to light that so far that they have taken loan of approximately Rs 18 lakh from Muthoot Fin Corp's Najafgarh branch, Rs 40 lakh from Daryaganj branch, Rs 51 lakh from Karol Bagh branch, Rs four lakh from from India Info Line Patel Nagar, Rs 11 lakh from Dwarka branch; Rs three lakh Najafgarh branch and Rs 9 lakh Bhajan Pura branch using fake gold items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816494", "title": "No AFMC entrance exam from 2013", "text": "PUNE: The all-India entrance test for admissions to the prestigious Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC), Pune, will be a thing of the past from the academic year 2013-14.\"We are now merging with the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test for undergraduate courses (NEET-UG), which has been finalised by the Medical Council of India and will be conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education from 2013 onwards,\" Lt Gen H L Kakria, Director General, Armed Forces Medical Services, told reporters here on Wednesday.The AFMC's under-graduate wing is celebrating its golden jubilee this year. The college provides training to under-graduate (UG) and post-graduate medical and nursing students, with an assured career in defence service. It is widely acknowledged as a centre of excellence for medical education and research.The graduate wing of the AFMC was established on August 4, 1962 to provide a sustainable and steady intake of medical officers for the Indian Armed Forces. The institute is affiliated to the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences and conducts the UG course from August every year.Kakria said, \"Medical course aspirants applying for the NEET-UG will have to mention their choice for the AFMC when they submit their application forms.\"Only those who mention 'for AFMC' will be interviewed by the AFMC selection panel following the NEET-UG results, he said. The college has certain criteria relating to physical fitness and psychological approach, among others.Merely clearing the NEET-UG won't guarantee a seat at the AFMC unless the candidate clears the relevant evaluation criteria set by the college, Kakria said.It may be noted that the MCI had initially proposed to introduce the NEET-UG from 2012-13 onwards with a view to cut down the multiple entrance tests being held across the country for admission to medical colleges.However, the MCI move drew opposition from several states including Maharashtra on the grounds that Std XII students needed some time to adjust to the course finalised for the all-India entrance test.Besides, the question prevailed as to whether premier institutions like the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences and the AFMC would join the NEET exams for UG and post-graduate courses. \"All issues relating to the NEET have since been solved and finalised,\" Kakria said.Director generals for medical services Air Marshal D P Joshi (Air Force); Lt Gen G Ramdas (Army) and Vice Admiral K M Suryanarayana (Navy), AFMC Commandant Air Marshal G S Joneja and deputy commandant Maj Gen M Luthara were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817336", "title": "MCD engineers protest attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 100 MCD engineers protested against the attack on their colleague Ansar Alam, at Ambedkar Stadium on Wednesday. The demonstrators drew attention to the perils of carrying out sealing and demolition drives in the absence of adequate security.\"It's been more than a day since we lodged an FIR but the police haven't made any arrests. A man is brutally beaten up at a bus stop and the police can't do anything. MCD engineers take action against illegal construction in the city and people blame them. If we do our duty, we are beaten up, and if we don't, we are called corrupt,\" said Rajesh Misra, general secretary, Forum MCD Engineers.MCD officials threatened to continue their protest indefinitely if the culprits are not arrested. \"It is not the first time that an engineer has been thrashed. With no police protection, engineers are exposed to such beatings. Last year, a junior engineer, who had gone to remove encroachment, was beaten up as the police cover wasn't provided,\" said an MCD engineer.Engineers said Alam was carrying out a massive sealing and demolition drive in the City Zone on the high court's orders. \"Action against 150-odd properties in the Walled City was taken last week. The drive was supposed to continue this week also,\" said another engineer.The engineers said they were not provided police cover for sealing and demolition action. \"This week also we planned to take action against illegal construction in Okhla but the cops turned down our request for security,\" said an official. \"In December, we wrote a letter to the Delhi Police commissioner seeking protection. There have been many instances of MCD officials and councillors getting thrashed but the police are yet to provide us with security,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, Works Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817733", "title": "TN legislators say no to oily food, sugar to stay healthy", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu's legislators have found a new way to stay lean, mean and fit-they're following strict, healthy, low-calorie diets. Oily bajjis, vadas, pongal and pooris are no longer on the menu at the MLA canteen. Instead, legislators refresh themselves with vegetable sandwiches, boiled green gram and sugarless coffee and tea in between assembly sessions.\"There is no demand even for idlis even though they are healthy,\" said an employee of the Tamil Nadu state cooperative canteen near the assembly hall. \"Most MLAs prefer sandwiches and baked gram. We sell about 60 sandwiches and 100 plates of baked gram every day,\" he said. In between sessions and soon after the question hour, most legislators go to the canteen.Most of the younger MLAs also exercise regularly. \"I need to stay fit so that I have the energy to travel. I go to my constituency often to meet the people and solve their issues,\" said A Ganesh Kumar, who at 28 is the youngest legislator. Most ministers and MLAs seem to have been bitten by the fitness bug. Recently, chief minister J Jayalalithaa also inaugurated a gym for women legislators.Even senior members, including Harbour MLA Pazha Karuppiah, prefer low calorie food. Aruppukottai MLA Vaigai Chelvan said he lost 10kg after changing his diet. \"I travel a lot within my constituency. I cannot put on weight. It will make me lazy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815147", "title": "Tribunal to fast-track green cases", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal is getting a National Green Tribunal for the speedy disposal of environment and forest-related cases. The first sitting of the tribunal circuit court in the state will be held on Friday.From now on, cases on violation of environment and forest conservation laws will first be heard by the tribunal before a petitioner can move Calcutta high court. The tribunal will have six months for the disposal of such cases. A division bench at the high court has been handling environment-related cases till now.The tribunal will be temporarily located in a building of the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) in the Indian Museum complex. \"The ZSI director has been instructed by the ministry of environment and forests that the first sitting of the circuit bench will be held at the Indian Museum complex since the permanent building at New Town is not ready yet,\" said an official at Writers' Buildings.The tribunal was set up on October 18 last year under the National Green Tribunal Act.Green activist Subhas Datta welcomed this. \"All this time, we had to move cases in the high court Green Bench because there was no dedicated tribunal for environment cases. The NGT will serve a bigger purpose since it can hear cases relating to forest conservation too,\" Datta said.\"In the high court, the green bench was one of many benches. But the tribunal will be exclusively meant for environmental causes.\"\"The tribunal will help reduce the burden of litigation in the higher courts. It shall not be bound by the procedure laid down under the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, but shall be guided by principles of natural justice,\" explained an official of the law department.The tribunal is mandated to make and endeavour for disposal of applications or appeals finally within 6 months of filing. Initially, it was proposed to be set up at five places and would follow circuit procedure for making itself more accessible: New Delhi, Bhopal, Pune, Kolkata and Chennai.After India's move with Carbon credits, such a tribunal may play a vital role in maintaining the desired ambient air levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11815780", "title": "Herculean task for banks to shift lockers", "text": "NOIDA: The banks that did not opt for the Noida Authority's commercial plot scheme are facing a herculean problem - that of shifting around 90,000 lockers of their customers to new premises. Even as the March 4 deadline fixed by the SC for them to shift operations draws nearer, the displaced banks say that shifting out all lockers in a month's time is unfeasible since setting up strong rooms at a new premise requires a minimum of five months.\"Every branch that provides locker facility to customers has to have a strong room where the security vault is housed. The vault is made as per security guidelines specified by the RBI and, to meet that, around five to six months are required,\" said Lead District Manager Arun Kumar of Syndicate Bank.For the 104 bank branches displaced by the SC order, only 38 bids were made for alternate commercial plots offered by Noida Authority last Friday. While most banks refrained from participating in the bids citing exorbitant land prices - bankers said that while they were paying around Rs 70,000 to 80,000 as monthly rent for the residential spaces until last month, the new plots were priced at around Rs three crore - these now have to shift all their displaced branches to new commercial spaces within roughly three weeks.These banks are now hunting for vacant commercial spaces close to where their now displaced branches existed. Meanwhile, several banks like Cooperative Bank, ICICI, Syndicate Bank , etc have already begun the shifting process.Other banks yet to finalize alternate locations have merged essential customer services of all displaced branches with their \"safe\" ones. \"Three of our branches have been displaced. We have temporarily shifted all routine, ATM and locker transactions of displaced branches to our sector 24 branch,\" said VK Gupta, DGM, Syndicate Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817642", "title": "Missing sailor\u2019s family cries foul, seeks police help", "text": "CHENNAI: The family of S Kannan, an apprentice marine engineer who went missing from a ship sailing off the Odisha coast on Sunday, has petitioned the city police commissioner to help track him.Talking to reporters on Wednesday after meeting the commissioner, Kannan's mother Lakshmi and other family members said they suspected foul play as none of Kannan's colleagues onboard M V Tamil, owned by Poompuhar Shipping Corporation Limited (PSCL), were forthcoming about what had happened.Flashing a copy of the letter sent by the company which stated that he had gone missing and that efforts were on to trace him, Lakshmi said, \"We are poor people and we urge the authorities to trace him. The attitude of the company towards our plight is pathetic.\" When contacted, M K Thomas, officer on special duty (operations), PSCL, said, \"I have nothing to tell you. I have no information on this.\" Manoj Joy of Sailors Helpline, Chennai said \"it is time justice was delivered to this family which has been running from pillar to post for help. The Director-General of Shipping and other authorities should take up the issue on a war footing.\"On Sunday, when the 21-year-old apprentice marine engineer failed to turn up for a class on board the vessel, other crew members launched a search for him. Later, it was feared that he may have fallen into the sea.On Tuesday, Kannan's family received a letter from PSCL saying it had got the message of his going missing. The ship was heading towards Tuticorin, it said.Some crew members had seen Kannan on board when the vessel left the Odisha port, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820150", "title": "UID: An unparalleled exercise", "text": "This is certainly the mother of all government projects. So massive is the unique identification (UID) project's scale that many around the world are watching closely to see whether it can meet its objectives.The first objective itself is mindboggling - capture the biometric (photo, fingerprints and iris) details of every resident of India; that's about 1.2 billion people. This includes people with leprosy, Down syndrome and other serious disabilities, for which special camps are being held.These details are then linked to a unique identification number for each individual. All of this information is stored in a data centre. Already about 120 million numbers have been issued, and some 20 million numbers are being issued every month.Last month, the UID authority took journalists for the first time for a walk-through of their facility in Bangalore. The most fascinating part of that was what is called the Network Operations Centre ( NOC), where a massive screen shows in real time the summaries and analysis of the data being captured from around the country, and which is being stored in the data centre.High accuracy: The authority recently conducted an analysis of the biometric accuracy and performance based on 8.4 crore enrollments. The analysis has shown that the biometric system can uniquely identify 99.86% of the population. Even the 0.14% that cannot be so identified is enrolled by manual inspections and demographic details.The analysis also showed that 99.965% of all duplicates submitted to the system are correctly caught by the system as duplicates. That means there would at worst be a few thousand duplicates in the 1.2 billion numbers issued.Three companies (Accenture, Morpho and L1) run separate deduplication systems (the systems to eliminate duplicates), each with its own algorithm. So in different ways, each checks an enrolment and compares it with all others that are already recorded. If one feels that an enrolment is a duplicate, then it is sent to the other two, and if the doubts remain, it is sent for manual adjudication.Security: We were told that information registered at enrollment is encrypted in-memory (even before it's stored), so nobody can see the data once it's registered. And encryption happens with 2048-bit keys, currently the highest level of security. The data centre, we were told, is guarded very nearly like Fort Knox.Bringing cost down: The massive scale of the project, combined with the open standards laid down by the authority (which enabled multiple vendors to offer the required products) and use of open source software, has reduced costs of literally every element. Officials said that the cost of an enrolment station (including the cost of laptops, fingerprint and iris scanners, etc) dropped from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 1 lakh in one year.The cost of doing a single deduplication, which was the equivalent of Rs 20 globally when the UID project started, dropped to Rs 2.75 when UID called for bids.The UID's later objectives involve usage of the data collected. Any agency (government or private sector) that needs to authenticate someone's identity can use the data. For the government, the primary objective is to eliminate the often large-scale misuse of benefits by those not entitled to them by creating fake identities. If these objectives are met, many around the world may seek to do similar projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815905", "title": "Thackeray will lose his significance: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray will become inconsequential on the state's political landscape following the February 16 civic elections, Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan remarked on Wednesday.Confident of a Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance victory in Mumbai, Thane, Nashik and Nagpur, Chavan put a question mark on the Sena's existence and its relevance in state politics. Thackeray had on Tuesday hit out at Chavan for \"lacking guts to take decisions\".Chavan said the 2007 civic poll results show that the Congress and NCP could have wrested 132 of 227 seats had they contested jointly. \"Simple math would suggest that we stand to gain as an alliance,\" he said.He admitted that forces within some parties were at play against an alliance which would have ultimately benefitted saffron parties.Playing down the threat posed by rebels, Chavan said none of the 44 rebels in the fray was significant.Chavan said the Congress had two major rivals in the state: NCP and Sena, and explained, \"We have tied up with the NCP to eliminate the Sena.\" On whether NCP's Ajit Pawar was playing his cards to position himself as CM, Chavan said,\"every minister should have such dreams,\" he said.Chavan remained firm on his remark that the NCP was born out of personal ambitions of Sharad Pawar wanting to become prime minister. Objecting to the remark, Pawar had said that \"he did not pay heed to advice of those not directly elected\". But Chavan said he had offered no advice and was only making a factual statement.Ruling out any post-poll alliance with the MNS, he said an increase in its \"vote-share\" will help the Congress-NCP. Chavan ruled out a post-poll alliance with \"communal parties\" in ZPs and appealed to the NCP to follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817783", "title": "Mithilesh, Utkarsh, Devyani 1-2-3 in debate", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Journey is more important than the destination,\" said a participant of 24th Munshi Memorial inter school debate competition while speaking in favour of the topic, 'Participation is more important than winning' on Wednesday.First organized in 1988, the debate takes place every year at Bhavan's Bhagwandas Purohit Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines to commemorate the death anniversary of Kulpati KM Munshi, founder of the school.52 students from 26 city schools took part. Those in favour of the topic maintained that there is no winning without participation.They stressed that participation is a self-improvement tool and brings satisfaction, motivation, experience and teamwork.\"It is not possible to win every race we take part in but it is possible to win a race only when we take part in it,\" said one of the contestants.While, those against the topic stuck to the conviction of 'winner takes it all' and argued that the desire to win is the greatest achievement and raises one's bar of excellence. \"Striving to participate will not lead you anywhere; it is your vision to achieve the lofty goals which makes you a winner. In the end, it's all about survival of the fittest,\" said one of the participants.Adding vigour to the debate was an open house session in which most of the audience favoured the topic.First prize was bagged by Mithilesh Pinjarkar of Bhavan's Lloyds Vidya Niketan, Wardha, second by Utkarsh Goyal of Bhavan's Bhagwandas Purohit Vidya Mandir, Srikrishna Nagar and the third went to Devyani Pandey of Narayana Vidyalaya.Dr Lokendra Singh, senior neurosurgeon and deputy director of CIIMS, Nagpur was the chief guest.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816762", "title": "Strike gains momentum, as talks make no headway", "text": "KOCHI: With relay fasting, picketing rallies and other protest measures,Striking nurses are intensifying their agitation as the mediatory talks are offering no solution to the days-old crisis.The labour commissioner has called a meeting of both parties of Lakeshore Hospital and MOSC Medical College Hospital, Kolencherry, on Friday to settle the issue.At Lakeshore Hospital, the agitators will begin a relay fast from Friday. Their strike has been on from last Monday. The fast will become indefinite from February 14 and on the same day strikers will picket the house of Dr Philip Augustine, managing director of the hospital.A bike rally would also be held from Angamaly and across the district to highlight the situationfaced by the agitators, said Jasmin Shah, state president of the United Nurses Association. The management of Lakeshore Hospital has already stated that it would offer a compromise package only after the withdrawal of the strike.Meanwhile, the management of Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences has condemned the strike. call by the nurses association.The UNA has given a notice to go on strike from February 21 saying the hospital had not solved the issues associated with the nursing sector after the strike in the hospital in December. \"We promised to find a solution by March 9, but now the association has called a strike without waiting for the agreed time limit. This will cause hardships to patients,\" said Dr Prem Nair, medical director of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816604", "title": "Vinod Doshi theatre festival to showcase contemporary plays", "text": "PUNE: A witty musical, an adaptation of Aeschylus's 'Prometheus Bound' and a hard-hitting political commentary are all lined up at this year's Vinod Doshi memorial theatre festival that will offer the latest in Marathi, Hindi and English experimental theatre.The fourth edition of the festival will be held in the city from February 27 to March 2 at the Yashwantrao Chavan auditorium, said playwright Satish Alekar while addressing a news conference here on Wednesday.In the line-up is 'Stories in a Song,' a two-hour play in Hindi and English conceived by vocalist Shubha Mudgal and directed by Sunil Shanbag. The play deals with various Indian musical forms in India and the trials and tribulations experienced by musicians.'Preth,' a Hindi play directed by Gopal Dutt and Purva Naresh, is a witty musical drama on an ill-fated villager in awe of a king in rural India. Sai Paranjpaye-directed Marathi play 'Aalbel' depicts three men confined to a single jail cell in an intense situation of mutual distrust.Based on Aeschylus's 'Prometheus Bound,' Praveen Bhole-directed Marathi play 'Bandhlelyachi Manogata' highlights the element of fire as the driving force of human civlisation and the act of rebellion as its result.Written by Ramu Ramanathan and directed by Mohit Takalkar, 'Comrade Kumbhakarna' is a Marathi play that draws parallels between 'Ramayana's' Lord Ram and Kumbhakarna and the present-day social and political realities the common man is grappling with, Alekar said.The festival has been organised in the memory of late Vinod Doshi, who was an ardent lover of theatre and also translated some plays. \"The plays at this year's festival touch upon diverse subjects. Marathi theatre, in particuar, has always been playwright-centric. But attention should also be given to the directors who are making these plays happen,\" said Alekar.\"The festival is meant to provide impetus to the flourishing experimental theatre scene in Pune and it presents a package of the latest and the best of contemporary theatre in Marathi, Hindi and English,\" said Saryu Doshi, an art historian and wife of Vinod Doshi.The festival will begin with Shanbag's 'Stories in a Song.' \"The festival this year comprises a combination of commissioned and non-commissioned plays,\" said festival director, Ashok Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817499", "title": "On winning spree", "text": "Passionate for the game of lawn tennis since her early childhood, Sonali Bansal, who is a Class X student and lives in Sector 21, is an epitome of a champion. Not only is she a bright student, Sonali has won more than 50 medals in national and international competitions. She won nearly 20 medals when studying in Class I.Sonali had been declared a winner in the recent 57th National School Games held at Delhi and was awarded a bronze medal. She emerged victorious in a flower-making competition organized in a school.Sonali was given the state commendation award by UT in 2011, won India-Pak Tennis Friendship Series held at Lahore in 2005, attained a runners-up title in CBSE National Tennis Tournament held at Dubai in 2011, ranked 56 in Koninklijke Nederlandse Lawn Tennis Bond organized in Europe in 2006, and got the first position in the 2011 Science Olympiad at school.Sonali's proud moment was winning the title of an \"all rounder\" in the Bournvita Confidence Championship in 2005. \"It boosted my confidence a lot,\" she said.She has also won many awards in extra co-curricular activities such as drawing and painting competitions, poster making, poem recitation and dances. Sonali has been associated with her school's eco club and an NGO that works for the upliftment of the girl child. \"I was given the Deeksha Award for the best eco club in the Tricity in 2010,\" she said. \"It is the guidance of my parents that has made me successful,\" she said.Her mother Nita said, \"Sonali always works towards attaining greater heights. We shall always motivate her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "11818029", "title": "I stayed back to save the land of my birth: Fr Dias", "text": "OLD GOA: \"Dangerous signs looming large on Goa's horizon compelled me to enter into the poll fray,\" Fr Bismarque Dias said here on Wednesday, addressing the media on the pavements opposite the Gandhi statue at Old Goa on Wednesday.Hailing from the island of St Estevam, Dias is contesting the forthcoming election as an independent candidate from Cumbharjua constituency.\"I was to go to England some years back to study medicine, but when I noticed that Goa was on the verge of destruction, I stayed back to save my land of birth,\" said Dias, who made clear his stand on a range of issues.Stating that he is contesting these elections as a peoples' candidate under the banner of the Zagrut Goenkarancho Ekvott (ZGE), he said it will be indeed peoples' victory if he is elected. Further, he said would go to the people with some of the burning issues which are affecting Goa today. He also spoke about his 'kindness manifesto'.Regarding mining, he said that it has been brutally ripping apart our identity and therefore should be stopped immediately.Criticizing the Regional Plan, he said the same in its present form is for the benefit of the builder's lobby and concretization of Goa. \"I, therefore, propose that the Plan be re-written and implemented as per the wishes of the people.\"On the controversial project in Vanxim, Dias said that if he is elected, he would propose to revoke the project. \"We will evaluate the legal possibilities of acquiring the island as it is critical to the fragile ecosystem of our islands,\" he added.Speaking about the Old Goa Heritage Site, he said that a concrete jungle is mushrooming around Old Goa. This, he said, will not only contribute to the destruction of our heritage and identity, but will also diminish the economic opportunity from Tourism. \"I, therefore, propose the preservation of the Old Goa World Heritage Site as per UNESCO standards and prevent concretization of the land that hosts the holy relics of St. Francis Xavier,\" he said.He further said that the current Old Goa plans in the Regional Plan should be completely rejected and re-written as per the wishes of the people. If elected, he said he would initiate the process to set up a master plan for Old Goa.At the outset, he also sought to put at rest some of the rumors spread by some of his detractors saying, \"My superiors are not against me contesting the elections, but are in dialogue with the ecclesiastical authorities here regarding the same.\"Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814870", "title": "Strict measures to prevent cheating in intermediate exam", "text": "HYDERABAD: It might get a tad difficult for students writing inter practical examinations to cheat in the same. The board of the intermediate education has decided to go for a strict re-evaluation process this year. Students who score over 27 out of a total of 30 will be evaluated again to assess the genuineness of their answer scripts.Those scripts that have irregularities will then be discounted from the evaluation process and the students will be debarred from the examination. The board took the measure to prevent students from any malpractices and colluding with the internal examiners to cheat in the examination. Centres where many students score 30 marks in the examination will also be under the board's scrutiny.The practical examinations of intermediate first and second year students had started this week. Practical examinations are under scrutiny as 25 per cent weightage is given for inter marks in Eamcet. Meanwhile, sources said that some complaints have come against private colleges for trying to influence the evaluation process during practical examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816011", "title": "Sitapur records highest voting in 10 districts", "text": "Wednesday's vote, they said, was for change. To ensure it happened, they came out in large numbers to exercise their franchise, albeit, a little later than usual. At 7am, when polling began for the first phase of assembly election in Uttar Pradesh, voter percentage was under 5%. With heavy rain lashing the region in the wee hours of the morning, in Sitapur, some polling agents were even unable to report to duty on time. Muck-filled polling station grounds also caused considerable inconvenience to voters, as a result of which voter turnout in Sitapur remained low, with less than 9% votes being registered at many polling booths at 9 am.Sitapur voters, however, proved their commitment to the democratic process. Recording nearly 62% voter turnout at the end of the day, Sitapur recorded the highest voting percentage among the 10 districts that went to polls on Wednesday. Bhanumati Devi, a farmer woman in Sitapur's Biswa constituency walked over one kilometre from her Maholi village to the nearest polling centre. She said: ``Not voting is never an option for us.'' It was dissatisfaction, unanimously, that drove people out of doors. In Khairabad, first-time voter Mohammed Irfan was upbeat about voting. He said: ``There aren't too many people with an impressive background in the electoral fray. However, I will vote on the basis of who, among those contesting, has done the maximum amount of work for my area.''Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816657", "title": "Indian hospitals using copper to fight superbugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian hospitals may have found an innovative way to fight superbugs - copper.Using copper surfaces in hospital and surgical rooms - door knobs, taps, bed rails, table tops, IV poles and call buttons - have been found to reduce deadly hospital-acquired infections by almost 50%.Scientists say the inherent antimicrobial property of the metal kills 95% of harmful bugs.No wonder, Lady Hardinge Medical College, AIIMS and new hospitals coming up along with the four large metro blood banks are using copper instead of steel \"at places of frequent touch by patients and visitors.\" Some estimates say 11%-85% of patients, who get admitted to hospitals in India, end up getting infected with deadly Hospital Acquired Infections (HAIs).Dr R Chandrashekhar, chief architect with Central Design Bureau for Medical and Health Buildings, said HAIs are those which weren't there when a patient got admitted in a hospital but appeared after h/his admission.Dr Chandrasekhar said, \"It's very common in India. Among patients it occurs in surgical wounds and in others, causes urinary tract and lower respiratory tract infections. Hospitals can reduce such infections in two ways - administratively by putting in place standard operating procedures or making hand washing compulsory. Second, it can be achieved by environmental control - minimizing its spread through the air or touch surfaces.\"Experts say the metal's superior electrical conductivity helps copper surfaces siphon off bacteria's electrons and reduce their energy. According to Dr Chandrasekhar, no national data exists on HAIs. But a recent study by Gujarat found the rate to be as high as 21.9%.He added, \"Copper is known for its high antimicrobial properties. That's why our ancestors used copper utensils to cook. We have recommended antimicrobial copper, even alloy having 60% copper should be used in hospitals, antiretroviral centers and blood banks. They don't need much maintenance and aren't costly.\"Experts say making a small change in hospital design can be a better move than pumping antibiotics down the throat of patients who get infected with HAIs. \"I always say don't give a patient an overdose of antibiotics and make him resistant to these drugs. Rather give him a safer hospital environment with better indoor air quality for his protection,\" Dr Chandrasekhar said.According to Global Antibiotic Resistance Partnership (GARP) in Indian ICUs, the rate of vancomycin-resistant enterococcus (VRE), a dangerous hospital infection, is five times more than rest of the world. Almost 30% of 1.9 lakh neo-natal deaths are due to sepsis, a bacterial infection that overwhelms the bloodstream.A study of 71 burn patients at the Post-graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research in Chandigarh found that up to 59 patients (83%) had HAIs. Around 35% of pathogens isolated from wounds and blood were S aureus, P aeruginosa (24%) and Streptococci (16%). Another six-month study, conducted at the intensive care units (ICUs) at AIIMS in 2001, found that 140 of 1,253 patients (11%) had 152 HAIs.Another study of 493 patients in a tertiary teaching hospital in Goa also found that 103 people (21%) developed infections. \"A large proportion of these hospital infections are easily preventable with increased hospital infection control, including stepping up hygiene practices, such as frequent hand-washing,\" says Dr Ramanan Laxminarayan, director of Center for Disease Dynamics, Economics &amp; Policy (CDDEP).Hospital patients have a one-in-20 chance of acquiring an infection during their stay. CDC, Atlanta, estimates that HAIs kill about 100,000 US residents, and result in roughly $45 billion in healthcare costs annually.Earlier, a study conducted at three hospital teams at Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, Medical University of South Carolina and the Ralph Medical Center found HAIs among patients in copper-coated rooms was 40% lower.Specifically, the infection rate in copper rooms was 8.95 cases per 1,000 patient days, compared with 15.16 cases in control rooms. Patients in rooms where all surfaces were copper-coated for their entire stay faced an even lower risk of infection - 6.88 cases per 1,000 patient days, compared with 15.72 cases in control rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11817460", "title": "New technology to curb sex determination", "text": "GURGAON: To keep tabs on illegal sex determination tests, the state is all set to launch a new 'Active Tracer Technology' device, which would be fitted in ultrasound machines.To begin with, all 46 registered ultrasound machines in Mahendergarh will be fitted with the tracker. This technique will also be implemented in all the districts of Haryana in the same pattern. \"If someone tampers with the tracker, the SIM fitted in it would send an SMS to the civil surgeon and the deputy commissioner,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "11819027", "title": "Lenovo Q3 profit up 54%", "text": "HONG KONG: Lenovo Group Ltd, the world's second-biggest maker of personal computers, posted a 54 per cent increase in third-quarter profit as orders for office computers jumped and acquisitions in Germany and Japan boosted sales.Net income climbed to $153 million in the three months ended December 31, or 1.46 cents a share, from $99.7 million, or 0.98 cent, a year earlier, Lenovo said today in a statement. That beat the $139.8 million average of nine analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg . Revenue rose 44 percent to $8.4 billion.Lenovo sold more computers including Thinkpad laptops to businesses in the US and emerging markets, defying an industry slump that hurt sales at rivals Hewlett-Packard Co and Acer Inc Chief Executive Officer Yang Yuanqing is stepping up development of smartphones and tablets to widen the Chinese company's product line for consumers, following Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co.\"The US corporate business is very important for them,\" Alberto Moel, who rates Lenovo shares \"market perform\" at Sanford C Bernstein &amp; Co in Hong Kong, said before the earnings. Demand was boosted by companies replacing aging computers, and lower prices offered by Lenovo, Moel said.Lenovo rose 1.5 per cent to HK$6.25 in Hong Kong trading yesterday. The stock has added 21 per cent this year, compared with the 14 per cent gain in the benchmark Hang Seng Index.HP , Dell Hewlett-Packard accounted for 16.3 per cent of the global PC market last quarter, declining from 19.4 per cent a year earlier, according to research company IDC. Lenovo increased its market share to 14 per cent from 10.3 per cent, ahead of Dell, which gained to 12.9 per cent from 12 per cent, according to IDC.Lenovo and Dell were the only vendors of the world's top four to post gains in shipments last quarter, according to IDC. Global PC shipments fell 0.2 per cent to 92.7 million, it said.The Chinese company, which bought the PC division of International Business Machines Corp in 2005, said revenue from China rose 30 per cent to $3.5 billion, or 42 percent of the company's total. Sales in its emerging-market division, which includes India, Brazil and Russia , rose 13 per cent.Revenue in Lenovo's mature-markets division, which includes operations in the US, Japan and western Europe, jumped 81 per cent to $3.6 billion.The Chinese company, with headquarters in Beijing and Morrisville, North Carolina, boosted sales in Europe and Japan after acquiring control of Medion AG and the PC unit of NEC Corp. last year. Lenovo aims to become the world's biggest PC maker, CEO Yang said in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11818027", "title": "\u2018Cleaning umbilical cord at birth cuts infant deaths\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Cleansing the umbilical corb during and after baby's birth could help reduce cord infection and the neonatal mortality in resource-poor countries, according to two new studies carried out in Pakistan and Bangladesh.Published in the Lancet, it showed that by cleaning the umbilical cord during and after the birth not only reduces the incidence of infection, called omphalitis, but also cuts neonatal mortality.In the first study, researchers led by professor Zulfiqar A Bhutta of the Aga Khan University in Karachi, assessed the effect of umbilical cord cleansing with chlorhexidine (CHX) solution on the incidence of omphalitis and neonatal mortality in babies in rural parts of Sindh province, Pakistan. Umbilical cords of more than 9,700 infants born across the province were cleansed with 4% CHX solution at birth and then at home for up to 14 days.One intervention was CHX solution only and another was hand washing only. Standard dry cord care was promoted in the control group. The data showed that cord cleansing reduced the risk of infection in babies by 42% and mortality by 38%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "11817329", "title": "Bardhan calls for broad Left front", "text": "KOLLAM: CPI general secretary A B Bardhan has called for a broad Left front to keep Congress and BJP out of power.Inaugurating the delegate meet in the state conference of CPI in Kollam on Wednesday, Bardhan said small differences of opinion among Left parties should not become a hurdle for the Left unity.He said the view of the CPI was that all Left parties should unite and work together.In response to the harsh criticism leveled against party state secretary C K Chandrappan by the CPM state leadership on Tuesday, Bardhan said Chandrappan has a long and rewarding career as a communist. He was a comrade who took part in the Punnapra-Vayalar struggle,'' said Bardhan.According to Bardhan, the strong presence of public sector units has been the reason for the state not being affected by recession. That is an achievement of the LDF government which tried its best to protect public sector units,'' he said.CPI state secretary C K Chandrappan, former secretary Veliyam Bhargavan, national assistant secretary Sudhakar Reddy and D Raja MP were among those who were present. KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala and Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan attended a seminar on Kerala's development organized in connection with the conference.Lambasting the UPA Government, Bardhan said these policies had only helped big corporates grow in strength while basic issues affecting masses were totally ignored.On the case of two ministers viewing porn film on mobile handset in the Karnataka assembly, Bardhan said this showed moral values had been destroyed very badly in the country.As in capitalist countries, including the US, the UPA government was also shifting the burden of the economic crisis on the common man while helping big business come out of the morass, he alleged.It was against this that all trade unions in the country had joined hands to organise a countrywide strike on February 28, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816658", "title": "HC declines interim injunction to farmer affected by Noyyal river pollution", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of theMadras high court, on Wednesday directed the state government to file its counter on a petition filed by a Karur-based farmer, alleging that the government's order disbursing amount of compensation to the members of Noyyal River Ayacutdars Protection Association (NAPA), alone is arbitrary. However, the court declined to grant interim injunction as sought by the petitioner.In his petition, R Selvam, a farmer and ayacutdar of the Orathupalyam reservoir, said over 28,000 farmers were identified by the Loss of Ecology Authority (LEA), as affected by the Noyyal river water and Oruthupalayam dam, which were polluted due to effluents discharged by the dyeing units in Tirupur.In 2003, a public interest litigation was filed by NAPA, seeking direction for preservation of ecology and for keeping the Noyyal river in Tamil Nadu, free from pollution. Following an interim order of the Madras high court in 2006, the LEA on December, 17, 2004 had identified 28,596 individual farmers affected because of the pollution, as eligible for compensation and an extent of 28,449,816 hectares of land comprised in seven taluks of Coimbatore, Erode and Karur districts.Selvam said, \"When we were waiting for the payment of compensation and more importantly the cleaning and restoration of Noyyal River and Orathupalayam dam, to the shock and surprise of the farmers, we came to know that the government had issued an order sanctioning an interest bearing advance of Rs 75 crore to Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board for payment to only 535 members of NAPA. The impugned GO has arbitrarily selected the members of one association for grant of relief. There are many farmers in the same villages as the NAPA who are not treated on a par with these members and provided relief.\"When the matter came up for hearing before the bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, the petitioner's counsel D Geetha, said a sum of Rs 75 crore already has been deposited in the account of NAPA and it has issued cheques to its members on January 7. If its members are allowed to encash the amount, the remaining farmers identified by LEA, will go high and dry. She sought an interim injunction restraining the bank from honouring the cheque, failing which the petitioner and many other farmers will be put to irreparable loss.The bench directed the special government pleader, S Govindan, to file a detailed counter to the petition within three weeks time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11815327", "title": "Family thrashed after eve-tease protest", "text": "Malda: Four members of a family were beaten up brutally, allegedly because they dared to complain to police against eve-teasers. The incident took place at Garadhol village under Gazole police station in Malda.Sonamoni Adhikary the daughter of Gopal and Sabitri Adhikary, is a philosophy honours student in Malda College. She used to travel by bus to Malda every day to attend college. For the last few days however, some village youths would allegedly tease her on the way to college. Though initially she ignored them, the teasing took a new turn when she started receiving vulgar SMSs on her mobile phone. Sonamoni showed her guardians the messages, but they decided to let the matter rest, fearing humiliation.On Monday, when Sonamoni was returning home, some youths allegedly blocked her way andpulled her by the hand. Her cries alerted locals and the youths fled. Later in the evening, Sonamoni's uncle lodged a complaint.She was being dragged away when her cries for help drew the attention of locals. The youths then fled. \"They were eight or nine youths in all. I could recognize four of them,\" she said.That very evening, Sonamoni's uncle Narayan Adhikary lodged a complaint at Gazole police station against the four eve-teasers she could identify.But, the miscreants, who got to know of the complaint, attacked the family with arms and sickles on Tuesday night. They roughed up the girl's father andtwo uncles. Sonamoni's mother was also not spared.In retaliation, they attacked Adhikary's house on Tuesday night, armed with rods and sickles.They first attacked Sonamoni's father Gopal and started hacking him. Mother Sabitri, too, wasn't spared when she tried to save her husband. Gopal's two brothers were beaten up as well.They left the house threatening the family with dire consequences if the complaint was not withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816510", "title": "India holds safety review with France in Jaitapur plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Wednesday held a safety review with French authorities for EPR reactors planned at the controversial Jaitapur plant in Maharashtra.Bernard Bigot, chairman of the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA), met Srikumar Banerjee, secretary of Department of Atomic Energy (DAE), and presented before him the safety assessment report of the EPR nuclear reactor that was necessitated by the nuclear accident in Fukushima.According to Bigot, the French Safety Authority (ASN) has concluded in its safety assessment report, which was made public in January, that the facilities examined offered a sufficient level of safety for it not to request the immediate shutdown of any of them.\"At the same time, ASN considers that for the continuation of their operation, an increase in the robustness of the facilities to extreme situations, beyond their existing safety margins, is necessary, as rapidly as possible,\" says the report. It adds that it will be requiring that the licensees take a series of measures and reinforce the safety requirements relative to \"the prevention of natural risks (earthquake and flooding) and risks associated with other industrial activities, the monitoring of subcontractors and the handling of nonconformities\".\"The Indian authorities have raised safety issues which are extremely important and I can say that we share their concerns. There should be nothing to even suggest the possibility of any radiation leakage,\" said Bigot. He added that despite the protests in Jaitapur, France is confident that construction work will start within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11820420", "title": "Contempt case: Pak SC begins hearing", "text": "Islamabad: Pakistan's Supreme Court today began hearing an intra-court appeal filed by Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani , who had been summoned on February 13 for framing of charges against him in a contempt case over his failure to reopen graft cases against the President.The eight-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry began hearing the appeal filed by Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan seeking suspension of the order summoning him.In the appeal, Ahsan asked the apex court to suspend its decision summoning the Premier .Ahsan told reporters outside the court yesterday that he had based the appeal on precedents set by apex courts in India, Australia, Britain, France and the US.\"It depends on the court to stay the proceedings and decide against summoning the Prime Minister on February 13,\" he said.The appeal asked the court to postpone the indictment, saying the ruling was issued without Gilani being given an opportunity to defend himself directly.On February 2, a seven-judge bench of the apex court had summoned Gilani to appear on February 13 to be indicted for contempt over his failure to act on its order to pursue corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .If Gilani is convicted of contempt, he could be jailed for up to six months and disqualified from holding public office for five years.The Supreme Court has been pressuring the government to revive cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari in Switzerland since it struck down a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf in December 2009.The government has refused to reopen the cases against Zardari, saying the President enjoys complete immunity from prosecution in criminal cases in Pakistan and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816631", "title": "HC asks DJB to frame water meter rules", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked the Delhi Jal Board to place before it the rules relating to installation fee and rent payable for water meters.Justice Hima Kohli, in a recent order, asked the board to place the rules and regulations before it and in case DJB hasn't made the rules, to frame it in eight weeks' time and inform HC.HC was hearing a plea by Indian Water Meter Manufacturers seeking clarity on rules for installation, usage and maintenance charges levied by the DJB on customers.Justice Kohli disposed of the petition filed by the meter manufacturers after it was pointed out by the DJB that all issues raised have been comprehensively addressed by a bigger bench of two judges in deciding a PIL. It said in the PIL filed by the RWA of Rajender Nagar, the division bench had allowed consumers to purchase water meters for installation from the open market and asked the DJB to frame comprehensive guidelines relating to usage and installation fee.When the meter manufacturers association agreed that the said division bench order takes care of their grievances, HC disposed of their petition, but did ask the DJB to place guidelines of the same before it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816780", "title": "PM seeks AG's opinion on 2G judgment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid growing worries about the repercussions of the Supreme Court order cancelling 2G licences for business sentiment, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has asked for an analysis of the judgment.Sources said Singh has asked attorney general G E Vahanvati to brief him on all possible implications of the judgment.The PM's curiosity about the ramifications of the judgment coincides with the view in a section of the government that the SC verdict is too drastic and can dampen business sentiment. There is also a concern that with the apex court holding that the \"first-come first-served\" policy was inherently flawed, government has to quicken the transition to a policy where allocation of natural assets is made solely on the basis of auctions.Meanwhile, according to PTI, CBI moved the Supreme Court for a clarification whether the special 2G court can conduct a trial of Essar and Loop when they, unlike other recipients of licences from jailed telecom minister A Raja, have not been charged under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The news agency reported that CBI approached the SC after being directed to do so by the Delhi High Court on the basis of a petition by Essar.According to the agency report, the conglomerate contended that its promoters, who are accused in the case, have been chargesheeted under Sections 420 and 120B and they should be tried by a magistrate and not by the special court dealing with the 2G case.Sources said the PM also discussed with Vahanvati the government's dispute with Army chief General V K Singh over his date of birth. The SC had last week taken exception to the government rejecting the general's statutory complaint by saying that the decision-making process was vitiated and was violative of the principles of natural justice. Justice G M Lodha had given the government's time to withdraw the order, warning that non-compliance would force it to step in to quash the decision.The deadline expires on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/surat", "code": "11817287", "title": "Green cover falls in state", "text": "Ahmedabad/SURAT: The green cover in the state has declined by 554 sq km. This was revealed on Wednesday in the report of the Forest Survey of India.The forest cover (sanctuaries and protected area) recorded a nominal decline of just one sq km while the trees outside the forest area recorded a decrease of 553 sq km. Additional principal chief conservator of forest, social forestry, H S Singh, said, \"The data released in the report 2011 is for the year 2008-09.The fall in the forest cover and that of the tree cover was because of the cutting of gando baval (prosopis juliflora) in several parts of the state. This along with the cutting of trees in private land was the main reason for the decrease.\"The report released on Wednesday reveals that Gujarat has a green cover of 22,456 sq km against 23,010 sq km in 2009. The report said the forest cover in the state was 14,619 sq km which was 7.46 per cent of the state geographical area. However, there is a major decline in the tree cover, that is trees outside the forest area. Forest officials said the decline in tree cover is attributed to large-scale tree cutting in various parts of the state for development projects.The officer said, \"For the road widening project on Ahmedabad-Nalsarovar road the forest department had given permission to cut over 2,500 trees.\" A senior official, refusing to be named, said, \"The Supreme Court has in one of the orders said that the state government should have 10 km area as eco sensitive zones to protect the ecology of the area, but Gujarat government is yet to declare such a zone in several sanctuaries, including Nalsarovar.\"Surat sees largest rise in forest coverInterestingly, the Surat district has recorded the largest increase in the forest cover in the state. Forest officials in Surat give credit to various afforestation programmes for the rise in green cover of the area. National Afforestation Programme (NAP) and Gujarat Forestry Development Project (GFDP) phase II are the two major projects under which maximum plantation has been carried out in the area. \"The afforestation programmes like NAP and GFDP are running since last few years which resulted in the rise in number of trees in the area. The joint forest management committee run by the forest department and locals is one of the major factors for rise in green cover and reduction in tree felling,\" said Anil Vasava, deputy conservator of forest, Surat.State lacks forest policyGujarat, which has four national parks and 22 sanctuaries, lacks its own forest policy. Even the Comptroller and Auditor General of India in its report had pointed out that the national forest commission had recommended that each state should have its heir own forest policy within the broad parameters of the national forest policy 1988. But such policy is missing. The forest policy is for management of the forest in the states. The policy is to address issues pertaining to conserving natural forests among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816527", "title": "DNA profiling plan to cover 1.13 million army personnel", "text": "PUNE: The Armed Forces Medical Services (AFMS) will soon undertake a project for the DNA sequencing of nearly 1.13 million soldiers of the Indian Army.Director General of AMFS Lt. Gen. HL Kakria told reporters here on Wednesday, \"We are starting with a pilot project involving collection of blood samples of 1,000 soldiers and analysis and confirmation of their tests. The project will be implemented on a national scale thereafter.\"Deoxyribonucleic acid, commonly known as DNA, is a nucleic acid containing the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of living organisms. DNA profiling is accepted as the most advanced and reliable method of establishing identity of living individuals as well as dead bodies and body remnants.Kakria, along with top officials from the AFMS' three wings, is in the city to attend the 60th Armed Forces Medical Confrence and the golden jubilee celebration of the Armed Forces Medical Research Committee (AFMRC), which is the apex body that plans health policies and commissions research for improving health of the troops.\"This year, 167 research projects of periods ranging from two to three years will be given to different officers,\" he said. The topics vary from the health of the soldiers in high altitude, on land, in aviation, in different climatic dispersion or underwater. From 2009 to 2011, the AFMRC commissioned 125, 134 and 177 research proposals, respectively.Kakria inaugurated a state-of-the-art DNA profiling centre and repository, set up at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore, at the department of forensic sciences of the Armed Forces Medical College (AFMC). \"As of now, the armed forces in the United States and Israel are known to have such facilities,\" he said.\"The centre was a long-felt need because we want to know the identity of our each and every soldier, especially those deployed in the forward areas,\" he said. \"At times when something unfortunate like death in the battlefield or in action happens, we find it difficult to establish identity of the body. With the DNA profiling it will be easier to know the identity,\" he added.Kakria said, \"Post-pilot study, blood samples of all soldiers will be collected by doctors working at their respective field units. These samples can be stored up to 21 years at the repository of the profiling centre here. The samples will be tested at the centre by using modern equipment and machines.\"\"Over the time, the project will be extended to the air force and navy personnel,\" he said. \"There is no time-frame set for completing the project considering that it's a long-drawn process of collecting samples from various formations and units... The project is important for everybody and certainly for the vulnerable groups deployed in the forward areas,\" he added.As of now, the AFMS has no plans to get into other medico-legal aspects involving the DNA profiling centre. \"We are restricting ourselves to identification, although in future the facility may be used for genomic profile and AFMRC research projects,\" Kakria said.Referring to the prevailing thrust of research under AFMRC, Kakria said, \"Lifestyle diseases like hypertension and diabetes , and cancer are taking greater attention compared to Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) instances, which have gone down drastically in the armed forces.\"Asked to comment on the problems faced by the ex-servicemen comprehensive health scheme (ECHS) beneficiaries due to inadequate health staff, Kakria said, \"There is no deficiency of officers, nursing officers and jawans in the AFMS. While the ECHS is not for the armed forces, we are helping them in handling the rush, which the authorities may not have anticipated when the scheme was launched.\"He said that the ECHS network was being enhanced with 199 more ECHS polyclinics being commissioned. The AFMS also has chalked out a plan for medical examination of all personnel below officer rank, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11816205", "title": "Amid polls, it's Beni vs Punia in Congress", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma picked the first day of voting in UP to claim credit for Congress's improved traction with the backwards. With this, his rivalry with Barabanki MP P L Punia, credited with bringing dalits closer to Congress in 2009, came out in the open.Verma, Congress's OBC face, called former bureaucrat P L Punia \"an outsider\" in UP. \"Punia belongs to Punjab... our people worked hard and we are winning all the six seats here.\" Verma was reacting to Punia's statement that dalits would vote for Congress and play a crucial role in its success.Punia is a dalit and comes from Punjab. But, he served his entire career in UP and joined Congress after retiring. In 2009, he won the Barabanki LS seat and was widely seen as the man who improved Congress's dalit equation. Punia is chairman of the National SC and ST Commission.But this time around, Congress gave prominence to Verma to make inroads in the OBC vote bank.Verma, a Kurmi, was with SP till 2007. He quit SP, formed a party and fought the 2007 assembly polls from Ayodhya, but lost. He bounced back winning the 2009 LS elections on a Congress ticket from Gonda. Among OBCs, Kurmis, Yadavs and Lodhs are found mainly in Central UP and constitute 20-25% of the population. The dalit population in the 10 districts that went to polls on Wednesday is between 17% and 30%. Muslims play a crucial role in 31 assembly constituencies out of 55 in these 10 districts.Verma is said to have influence over OBCs and Muslims. Punia reportedly enjoys support of non-Jatav dalits and Muslims. The two leaders are at loggerheads since long. Both want to take credit for the Congress's revival in the region.Dalits and traditional Congress supporters are said to be angry with the party's top leadership because of the prominence given to Verma while sidelining Punia and old leaders. In fact, sources said that Verma got tickets for his men in the OBC-dominated assembly constituencies in Gonda, Barabanki and Bahraich.There were angry protests against Verma. He was even booed in the presence of Gandhis in the election meetings held during the poll campaign. While Verma made his \"displeasure\" public by commenting on Punia, the latter denied he was an outsider. He also said that Verma was a big leader and the party would succeed under his leadership. Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh described the \"infighting\" as media creation when asked to react to Verma's statement.\"Punia may be from Punjab or Haryana but has served UP for decades. Media is twisting Verma's statement,\" he said. Congress sources admit there is resentment against Verma in the party but the brass is promoting him to break SP's base among OBCs and Muslims. That's why Verma was allowed to choose candidates in the districts of his influence, they added. Local leaders of Barabanki and Bahraich who spoke against Verma were also expelled. One leader S S Shukla lodged an FIR against Verma accusing him of attempt to murder.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815979", "title": "HC respite for dissenters in building redevelopment", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday granted respite to the \"dissenting minority\" in a Khar building redevelopment project. The HC stayed an order of dismissal passed by an appellate cooperative court on Tuesday against the owners of two shops in Fardoon cooperative housing society, primarily a residential building located in a wholesale cloth market locality in Khar.The HC judge did not immediately allow appointment of a court receiver for the premises, whose owners were impeding redevelopment which the building society had approved by a majority in January 2008. It will now hear the matter in mid-March, on merit.The redevelopment case of Fardoon has gone through legal and judicial developments that have elicited interest and is being closely watched by other housing societies that are similarly in the process of seeking reconstruction of their old buildings. Four years ago, nine out of 12 members of the building that has several senior citizens residing there had appointed Acknur Constructions as their builder and entered into a development agreement for their 500 sq m plot.The builder, however, faced resistance from Sweety and Rajendra Agarwal, owners of two commercial shops on the ground floor and another resident who claimed that the developer had flouted some of the offer conditions on carpet area and that the society had allegedly not followed the rules of issuance of notice before the meeting.The society and the developer, Deepak Rao, denied the allegations and said they abided by the rules and that some members who did not even reside in the dilapidated building could not be allowed to delay the project.The HC initially had ruled in favour of the dissenters, but a division bench later set aside that ruling after parties agreed to take the fight before a cooperative court.The court as well as its appellate bench agreed with the society that the dissenters made out no valid case and upheld the majority resolution of the society. In August 2011, the HC had said that if the Agarwals got no protective order within six months they could be evicted and a receiver appointed. The Agarwals, thusmoved the HC to question the validity and legality of the cooperative court orders. They said the society violated the cooperative society rules and thus the resolution is vitiated. Contesting the lower court finding that the majority decision was binding on the minority, the dissenters said it cannot mean that the majority can pass \"unfair resolutions contrary to the interest of the minority members or society as a whole\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11820706", "title": "International curriculum to be offered in CBSE schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 50 schools in India may soon offer the international curriculum of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) on a trial basis, Human Resource Development Minister Kapil Sibal said recently. The minister said that the board's international curriculum, CBSE-I, will be for students opting for boards like the International Baccalaureate.The international curriculum, available to students from Class I to XII, would be taught through e-books. The CBSE-I students would have more foreign language options and different syllabus for other subjects.CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi added that the course has already been started in about 25 schools in the Gulf and south Asian countries, and expression of interest has been invited from schools in India to start the course from the coming academic session. The pilot programme in India will include some Kendriya Vidyalayas and other government and private schools, Joshi added.The annual course fee, as proposed by the ministry, is Rs 1.5 lakh.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814838", "title": "Heritage walks getting shorter", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Baradari Khursheed Jah Bahadur devdi that was callously painted brown by a film production house is the latest structure in the Heritage Walk list to have lost its historical charm. Heritage activists who have been part of the walks ever since it began in 2000 note that the city's historic sites have taken a severe beating over the last decade.From the magnificent Malwala Palace near Charminar, several properties in Lad Bazaar to Victoria Maternity Hospital near High Court and scores of havelis in the bylanes of the Old City, a lot has been lost already.In fact, another devdi that was part of the heritage tour, Devdi Iqbal-ud-Dowla, too was damaged during a film shoot a few years ago and its walls remain scarred.To add to this, the illegal encroachments near Juma Masjid located close to Charminar, portion of the Moghalpur Tombs being used as a warehouse, and the entrance of Devdi Asman Jah that was damaged because of a new construction adjacent to the monument have hugely affected the Old City's rich-in-history landscape. Those who have participated in the walks share that earlier they could get a glimpse of the nawabi Hyderabad, but what is left now is only a grim reflection of official apathy to the city's heritage.Furthermore, conservation architects said that this is not the first time that Baradari Khursheed Jah devdi has been damaged during a film shoot. Several other film shootings have taken place here with each shoot leaving the magnificent monument damaged. Sources said that the Baradari's inside portion has been painted as per the whims and fancies of the filmmakers several times.The Devdi Iqbal-ud-Dowla was damaged during the shooting of Mahesh Babu's super-hit film 'Okkadu.' Conservation architects reveal that the film was shot in such an irresponsible manner that the devdi's main courtyard area got crunched because of movement of cranes and other heavy equipment to a great extent.And then there are bigger concerns. \"The boundary of the Bhagyalakshmi temple at Charminar has been expanding and nobody is questioning it. Due to this, the whole image of Charminar is under threat,\" said G S V Suryanarayana Murthy, a conservation architect.Murthy added that politicians in connivance with the land mafia have destroyed the city's heritage cover. Criticising the film fraternity, Murthy questioned their attitude towards the heritage precincts. \"Film personalities do not bother about these monuments or to get the required permissions,\" he said. He further added that the filmmakers are cashing in on these monuments and making huge money at the cost of the city's priceless heritage. \"Do they damage the monuments in a similar fashion when they go abroad? They won't because if they do, they will be thrown out. Here, they are taking things for granted and there is nobody to check,\" he asserted.Another architect Madhu Vottari, who is also the coordinator for Heritage Walks conducted by the tourism department every Sunday, said that the local governments should be sensitive towards the monuments. \"A historic city has an identity. Once it is lost, it's lost for ever. It cannot be redesigned. There is a need to act now or else, there will be nothing left,\" said Madhu.The activists urged the need for GHMC to start a heritage cell and give guidelines ensuring that no construction happens within a 50-metre radius of these monuments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11820536", "title": "ICSI launches new syllabus for CS foundation programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( ICSI), a premier national professional body established by an Act of Parliament to develop and regulate the profession of company secretaries, has launched a new syllabus for the CS foundation programme. Under the new syllabus, Optical Marks Recognition (OMR)-based examination (Objective-type multiple-choice questions) would be conducted for the foundation programme. The students are eligible to appear for the examination on the basis of self-study. The requirement of Coaching Completion Certificate has been discontinued for the foundation programme Students.The CS foundation programme consists of four papers, business environment and entrepreneurship; business management, ethics and communication; business economics and fundamentals of accounting and auditing.The new syllabus will be effective from February 1, 2012 and the examination under this syllabus will be held from the December 2012 session.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11817433", "title": "Sole mates", "text": "LUDHIANA: Raghav Mahajan and Sunny Nagpal have known each other for a brief eight months but have become the best of buddies who can most often be spotted hanging around together and even looking quite similar. The soul of their friendship lies in the shoes they wear.Both Raghav and Sunny go on all shopping sprees together and insist on buying the same kind of shoes. Students of Inter National Institute of Fashion Designing, Ferozepur Road, the two then like to wear the shoes to college together and catch all the attention.Raghav, a resident of Green Park, said they joined college the same day but were strangers till a common friend introduced them to each other.\"What started with a mere handshake has now grown into a solid friendship. We have become so close that classmates call us Tom and Jerry. We have a common passion for collecting good shoes and the interesting thing is we wear the same type of footwear. No matter what the cost, we make sure we buy the same shoes, although in different sizes,'' said Raghav.Sunny, who stays in Imperial Homes, said they have bought five shoes in the last seven months and each of the pairs are identical. \"Incidentally, on two occasions we liked a particular shoe but the shop did not have Raghav's size available so I also did not buy the pair,'' he said, adding that every morning they discuss and decide which pair of shoes to wear and then flaunt them together.\"Because of our strange shoe fetish both of us have received many compliments and some comments from our peer groups. Our friendship is also getting stronger with time because of our shared love,'' said Sunny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817166", "title": "EPCO to diagnose GMC, hospitals' problems", "text": "BHOPAL: The Environmental Planning &amp; Coordination Organisation (EPCO) would appoint an architect for preparing a vision document for the development of Gandhi Medical College (GMC) and its allied hospitals in connection with future requirements.This was decided in a meeting of the autonomous body of the GMC and its allied hospitals on Wednesday.After a thorough 12-week analysis and survey of the college and hospital buildings, EPCO would submit a plan. There are at least a dozen proposed construction and expansion plans for GMC and allied hospitals for which EPCO would have to abridge in its plan.EPCO would conduct a campus master plan study for the medical college and its associate hospitals including Hamidia hospital, Kamla Nehru hospital and Sultania Lady hospital and work out an estimate for the same.However, in its first meeting, the governing body was in a predicament over issue of phasing out of the old structure and constructing new facilities in the hospital complex.\"The meeting was not a one off. The autonomous body would meet more often,\" said Bhopal divisional commissioner and chairman of GMC autonomous body, Praveen Garg. \"Our aim is to provide quality infrastructure and services to the patients and students alike,\" he added.The sub-committee headed by Dean, GMC Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava has been formed to look into the formulation of a master plan. \"We have to look at the bigger picture and create facilities for the next few decades. I would meet EPCO officials shortly and start the process,\" said Dr Shrivastava, who would also meet with PWD, CPA and other agencies already part of development works in the campus. The next meeting is proposed for February 21.\"Hospital faces problems such as being overcrowded and insufficient space, outdated engineering systems and growing patient volumes,\" said a senior official.\"It is only after preparation of a conceptual master plan with design, concept and activities on campus a future vision would be comprehended,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816827", "title": "Kerala to host public health meet on Friday", "text": "KOCHI: The 56th annual conference of the Indian Public Health Association will be held in Kochi from February 10 to 12.It is the first time that Kerala is hosting the association meet, which has over 6,000 members including doctors, public health engineers, economists and other health care workers.The main topic of discussion at the event would be the prioritizing of public health programmes in the 12th five year plan. The implementation of national programmes effectively in Kerala would also be a key point.Though Kerala has carved a name for itself on the global health scene with its low mortality rate and women's health, there is an increase in the number of deaths due to road accidents, alcohol consumption, contagious and lifestyle diseases. In such a scenario this conference gains relevance, said the association's office-bearers at a press conference here on Wednesday.A pre-conference on continuing medical education will also be held on Thursday. Representatives of WHO, Unicef , ICMR and delegates from across India and abroad would attend the conference to be held at IMA House, Kaloor. Sudheep Bandhyopadyay, union minister of state for health and family welfare, will inaugurate the workshops on February 10 at 10 am and K V Thomas, union minister of state for food and civil supplies will inaugurate the meeting at 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816688", "title": "One more sonography centre sealed", "text": "PUNE: The civic health officials sealed one more sonography centre on Monday for violating various provisions of the Pre conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 1994.With this, the number of cases wherein ultrasound sonography (USG) machines were sealed for various irregularities and lapses will go up to 50 in Pune.\"Our officials raided the sonography centre in Yerawada soon after we received a tip-off from the state health department's PCPNDT cell on Monday. We will soon file a criminal case against the doctor,\" said Vasihali Jadhav, assistant medical officer of health (AMOH) and city's appropriate authority for PCPNDT cases.Elaborating, Jadhav said, \"Our officials sealed the USG machine from the Yerawada centre for offences such as discrepancy in the actual number of sonographies conducted and the number provided to the PMC's PCPNDT cell. Besides, there were other offences such as conducting sonography without obtaining patient's mandatory consent, F Form lacking doctor's signature and registration numbers, etc.\"\"We have decided to expedite issue process arguments by this weekend and are hopeful that a summons will be issued against the accused soon, said advocate Milind Salunkhe, the Pune Municipal Corporation's counsel on PCPNDT cases.\"On Monday, the PMC also filed a criminal case against a medical director and six radiologists at a diagnostic centre in Kondhwa for violating the Act. On January 7, during a routine inspection, the health officials had found various discrepancies at the Kondhwa centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "tenali", "code": "11814740", "title": "Man intrudes into hostel, attacks inmates", "text": "TENALI: Girl students at a private women's hostel panicked when an unidentified intruder entered the hostel in the early hours of Wednesday and attacked the students.An intermediate student was seriously injured while three others received minor injuries. The assailant ran away from the hostel premises when the students called out for help.The incident took place around 2 am and left the students and the warden in a state of shock. While hostel warden Sushila claimed that the offender was a thief and attacked the students in an attempt to escape, the students told the police that the intruder came to target one of them.The severely injured student K Harini was rushed to a private hospital where she was admitted in the ICU. Her condition is stable and she is recovering fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817835", "title": "Not 1km of cement road finished in 8 months", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has not completed construction of even a single kilometre of cement road from the total proposed 25.93km in eight months. This negligence has raised question marks on the fate of the cement roads project.On June 12, 2011, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari had performed the bhoomipujan of cement roads project at Jagnade square and Bajaj Nagar square. NMC was to convert 30 tar roads into cement roads at a cost of Rs 101.19 crore. The length of proposed cement roads was 25.93 kilometres, and varied in width from 30 to 18 meters, with a thickness of 20cm. The work order was given to Unity Infra Projects Limited, with the work to be completed in 24 months.Work was started from Venkatesh Nagar T-point to Jagnade square. However, a recent visit to the site presents a dismal picture. The work of laying 4-inch plain cement concrete (PCC), which may be termed as lower level of the road, has been completed in three patches between Venkatesh Nagar T-point and KDK college square, to Rajendra Nagar square, and to Jagnade square. The work to lay 8-inch pavement quality concrete (PQC), which is the surface level, has begun between Venkatesh Nagar T-point and KDK college square some days back. Thus, not an inch of road has been completed and opened for public in the last eight months.The BJP-led ruling party had widely publicized the cement road project and is also taking credit for it in the ongoing campaign for NMC elections slated on February 16. However, the factual situation should embarrass BJP leaders.Ultimately, the inordinate delay in the cement road project is creating great inconvenience to the citizens. The cement road work is underway in one side of busy road between Venkatesh Nagar T-point and Jagnade square. The traffic is allowed in one side of the road thus creating traffic congestion also to the students. Adding to the woes, the vendors sale vegetable and also there are mutton shops aside the road. The citizens residing in Venkatesh Nagar, BSNL colony and Rajendra Nagar are facing number of problems as located aside the road under construction.To add to this, the remaining 29 roads proposed to be concretized have not been repaired for the last one year, causing great inconvenience to citizens. All these 29 roads are very busy stretches, including Khamla to Orange City hospital square, Laxmi Nagar to Bajaj Nagar to Laxmi Bhuvan square, Munje square to Anand Talkies, entire Great Nag Road, Central Bazar Road from VNIT to Lokmat Bhavan to Humpyard road, Sawarkar Nagar square to Ajni Square to Chuna Bhatti Road to Ajni RoB, Ram Nagar to Ravi Nagar square etc.Besides, the construction of concrete pavement on a small nullah has been going on at Great Nag road near police station at Rambagh, thus blocking one side for the last four months.The quality of the construction of cement roads is also questionable. The surface of PCC road between Rajendra Nagar square and Jagnade square has started to come apart.However, officials concerned, including executive engineer RN Hotwani refused to reply to any questions related to cement road project. Chief engineer AN Shambarkar was not available for comments in spite of repeated attempts.BOXWRITTEN IN CONCRETE* Work not completed on even 1km road of total proposed 26km in 8 months* Delay may escalate cost, since contractor bagged work order quoting 23% below project cost* Construction of concrete pavement on nullah near Rambagh police station underway for over 3 months, blocking one side of busy Great Nag road* Surface level of PCC layer cracking in one patch for last 15 days* Just one machine and few labourers engaged at the site* Traffic congestion creating problems to citizens on KDK college road* Remaining 29 roads are riddled with potholes but not being repaired as they await concretization", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816535", "title": "Notice to Gujarat power plant for flouting CRZ norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 300-mw thermal power plant, being constructed by OPG Power Gujarat Limited at Mundra, has come under a cloud again, with the Union environment and forests ministry issuing a show-cause notice for concealment of information while seeking the mandatory Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) clearance.The ministry has sought explanation from the company about its violations of the CRZ norms. The CRZ clearance was notified last September after the firm applied for a forest clearance under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980.The ministry has found that the plant authorities had withheld information that the facility would impact forestlands while seeking the CRZ clearance in the ecologically-sensitive Bhadreshwar coast.The clearances had been challenged in the National Green Tribunal for undertaking construction without adequate forest clearance. Now, the notice would make it tougher for the firm.The ministry recorded that while seeking approval under the CRZ notification, the company did not disclose before the Expert Appraisal Committee (which reviews all clearance proposals) that the route of the sea water pipeline would involve use of forestland. The notice adds, \"The disclosure of information after appraisal of the project amounts to suppression of information by the project proponent before the ministry and the EAC at the time of appraisal.\"The maps submitted by the project developer as part of the application for clearance also had not disclosed the presence of forestland near the project area and in the route of the sea water pipeline.In its defence, the firm claimed that it realized that forestland was involved only after it secured the CRZ clearance. The project had run into rough weather in December 2010 for starting construction without obtaining the CRZ clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816889", "title": "Bombay HC upholds dismissal of adulterous cop", "text": "MUMBAI: An extra-marital affair can cost you your job, as a constable has bitterly learnt. Twenty-five years after he was sacked, the Bombay high court, in an unusual order, has upheld his dismissal.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice A P Bhangale gave their verdict on a petition filed in 2001 by Ramesh Malode (then 45 years) challenging the September 2000 order of the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) confirming his dismissal.Malode, a resident of Nagpur, was appointed police constable in 1978. In 1981, one Balkishan Paliwal complained to the department that Malode was in an illicit relationship with his wife. After a preliminary inquiry, Malode was chargesheeted in September 1986. Following a departmental inquiry, the investigating officer found that the charges against Malode were true and suggested that as penalty, he be given only basic pay and no increment.The disciplinary authority (DA), the Nagpur police commissioner, agreed with the findings, and chose to dismiss Malode in February 1987 on grounds of moral turpitude. Eleven years later, in June 1998, the appellate authority dismissed Malode's appeal. Malode moved the high court initially but his petition was transferred to MAT. Aggrieved by MAT's order confirming his dismissal, he moved the HC again.Malode's advocates, R A Jaiswal and N H Joshi, argued that the DA while disagreeing with the punishment suggested by the investigating officer, should have heard Malode before imposing such a harsh punishment. The judges said there was no substance in the argument about giving Malode a hearing as the DA had agreed with the investigating officer's findings. \"Only if the disciplinary authority is not in agreement, is he required to give a hearing to the delinquent,'' they stated. They added that only the DA and not investigating officer is supposed to order punishment and the latter can only make a recommendation, which is not binding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817382", "title": "SIT finds no evidence against Modi in Zakia case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) on Wednesday gave a clean chit to chief minister Narendra Modi over allegations of his involvement in the 2002 riots. In its final report submitted to the metropolitan court, the SIT has filed a closure summary against Modi and 62 others accused by Zakia Jafri, the widow of slain Congress MP Ehsan Jafri.The Supreme Court had asked the SIT to probe Jafri's allegation that the Gulbarg Society massacre in which 67 people were killed, was the result of a larger conspiracy. But the probe agency, headed by former CBI chief R K Raghavan, concluded it could not find any prosecutable evidence.On September 12 last year, the Supreme Court had refrained from passing any order on Zakia's petition and had asked the trial court to decide on the case on the basis of the SIT's report. Zakia had sought to lodge an FIR against 63 persons, including Modi, to the director general of police, but since it was not accepted, she moved the high court.Justice M R Shah directed her in 2007 to file her complaint before a magisterial court, but she had chosen to move the Supreme Court. Sources in SIT said that in actual terms the closure report was filed against 57 persons as four names - including IPS officers Satish Verma and Rahul Sharma - were withdrawn by the complainant herself. Two others, former minister Ashok Bhatt and former VHP leader K K Shastri, have passed away.The SIT had to take a call on five people, including Modi, against whom it found some evidence, but chose to recommend the closure of the case against them on the legal advice of R S Jamuvar, a former CBI lawyer, who was in the city for the past three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815458", "title": "Voters overcome odds for democratic duty", "text": "A rainy Wednesday morning could do little to diminish the spirits of Chandrabhan. Despite a heavy plaster on one of his leg, the 40-year-old came to the Beghumpur polling booth in Bahraich's Matera assembly constituency to cast his vote.Even those who accompanied Chandrabhan were equally excited to carry him for almost three kilometres on a thelaa at the polling booth, where puddles of water could be seen at various places.When asked what motivates him to go out and vote, an enthusiastic Chandrabhan says, \"The desire to see a change has motivated me to come here all the way from my village, which is almost three kilometres away from the polling booth. The issues, which have dominated the election in the district, include unemployment, flood and lack of health facilities. I am aware about the power of my vote and know that even it can make a significant difference.\" The excitement among the voters in Matera was more, as for the first time, they are electing their MLA, who would be representing them in the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly.Another young voter Aadesh Kumar, who was also eagerly waiting for his chance at Beghumpur polling booth, said, \"In the name of development, only an unfinished flyover exists. If flyovers are considered as an important development parameter, then Bahraich as a district lags behind.\" A sweet-maker in one of the sweet shops of Lucknow, Sushil Kashyap and seven of his friends along with their families left early for their native place, only to ensure that they do not miss the chance to vote.\"Despite heavy rains late on Tuesday night, we were determined to leave early for Gonda, and as soon as the showers stopped, we boarded the first bus for Gonda. At 2.00 p.m., we reached the polling booth in Colonelganj. There was a huge rush of voters and heavy rains, when we reached the polling booth. However, later the weather improved and we were able to cast our votes,\" said Sushil.Apart from Sushil, his brother Sajjan, wife and four other relatives who work ate various places in Lucknow took a day off, only to realise the change they envisage. So, what are the issues, which dominated this election in Colonelganj?\"The voters want better roads, solution to their water woes, adequate educational infrastructure and good healthcare facilities, so that they do not waste time in commuting to other cities in times of crisis,\" said Sushil.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817288", "title": "Congress holds anti-graft dharna in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city Congress on Wednesday held a dharna in Naroda to protest against rampant corruption of the BJP government in the state. The leaders of the party also sought clarification from chief minister Narendra Modi on various issues where large-scale corruption has been alleged.Speaking on the occasion, leader of opposition in the state assembly Shaktisinh Gohil said that the comptroller and auditor general of India has in its report pointed out irregularities to the tune of Rs 26,672 crore. He said that it was because of this rampant corruption that the chief minister was opposed to the appointment of the lokayukta in the state.He alleged that it was the fear that he can be booked for corruption by the lokayukta that made Modi challenge the appointment even in the Supreme Court.He said that builders encroach on government land, and the government accordingly brings an impact fee rule to regularize such construction, and yet in the case of slum dwellers affected due to the Sabarmati river front project, the BJP has shown no sympathy.Among others who were present included former deputy chief minister Narhari Amin, leader of opposition in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation Badruddin Shaikh, Congress MLAs from the city Gyasuddin Shaikh and Shailesh Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816491", "title": "'SP will ensure good governance if voted to power'", "text": "VARANASI: Senior Samajwadi Party leader Shivpal Yadav promised incredible governance if the party was voted to power in the assembly election.Shivpal addressed an election meeting at Munari Bazar in Ajgara (SC) assembly area and at Rajnahia in Shivpur assembly constituency in support of party candidates on Wednesday. During both the meetings, the impressive participation of supporters enthused Shivpal. He said the rival parties had defamed SP a lot in the past few years. But, he said, after returning to power, the SP would prove that it had been changed completely to provide a good governance.He alleged that the Bahujan Samaj Party-led state government had patronized the mafia and criminal elements during its regime. But when the SP would come to power, all such elements would be sent behind the bars. He reiterated the party's commitment to unemployed youth and monetary benefits to the needy people.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817761", "title": "Babush supporter seeks to withdraw plaint in assault case", "text": "PANAJI: A supporter of Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate lodged a complaint with the Old Goa police against three supporters of Santa Cruz MLA Victoria Fernandes alleging wrongful restraint and assault on Tuesday night.But, on Wednesday morning, he approached police again requesting them to withdraw the complaint against the three.However, the police are now contemplating taking action against Shahbuddin Sheikh from Chimbel for lodging a false complaint.Sheikh, in his complaint to the police, said that two persons from Merces and one from Chimbel, who are supporters of Victoria, assaulted him and threatened to kill him, when he was going to Santa Cruz for the inauguration of Babush's election office in the constituency.Babush will be contesting on a Congress ticket from the constituency, while old timer Congress MLA Victoria has been denied a ticket by the Congress high command. This has upset the Victoria camp, which has decided to field her son Rudolf against Babush.Acting on Sheikh's complaint, the police registered a case of wrongful restraint and assault against the three persons on Tuesday night itself.On Wednesday morning, the complainant arrived at the police station with his lawyer and said that he had by mistake given wrong names and he wanted to withdraw the complaint against the three. He further said that only one person was involved and gave another name to the police.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816112", "title": "One arrested for girl\u2019s murder in Cuffe Parade", "text": "MUMBAI: Three weeks after the body of a three-and-a-half-year-old girl was found in an abandoned compound in Cuffe Parade, the crime branch arrested one person on Tuesday in connection with the murder.The accused, Vijayan (name changed), is a fisherman from Ambedkar Nagar Colony and was arrested from the high seas. \"Vijayan was out fishing on a boat when we received a tip off from an informer,\" said a crime branch officer. \"A special team was sent to the sea to arrest him.\"According to sources, Vijayan matches the description, provided by the sole eyewitness, of the man who had taken the victim away. A three-year-old girl, who was playing with the victim near Sassoon Docks, had told the cops that a bearded man with long hair had taken her friend away. An informer recently approached the investigators and told them that Vijayan, who is friend, had confessed to his role in the child's murder. The informer reportedly told the cops that Vijayan has some sort of a \"perversion for young girls\".Vijayan, however, has been protesting his innocence.\"He has not broken down till now, but we are questioning him,\" said the officer. \"We will examine his activity on the day of the child's abduction. We had recovered the accused's clothes from the crime scene. A DNA analysis will help us ascertain if Vijayan is involved,\" said the officer.The police had also recovered a small quilt from the crime scene which they believe was used by the accused while killing the girl.\"The quilt either belonged to the accused or he must have stolen it from somewhere. We have been showing it to people in Ambedkar Nagar Colony in the hope that someone might recognize it,\" said the officer.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"I cannot reveal the probe details at this point, but five teams comprising crime branch officials are working round-the-clock to crack this case. There should be a breakthrough soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817797", "title": "EC officials yet to be intimated about Sen's transfer", "text": "PANAJI: Election Commission officials in Goa today said they have not yet received any written communication about transfer of a Amethi poll observer who stopped a motorcycle rally of Congress campaigner and Priyanka Gandhi's husband Robert Vadra on the charge of violating the model code of conduct in Uttar Pradesh.Joint Chief Electoral Officer Narayan Navti told mediapersons that the local office of the election commission has not received any intimation about Pawan Kumar Sen's posting in the coastal state.\"We did not receive anything in writing,\" he said, refusing to discuss further.The EC had earlier clarified that the decision to post Sen was in process for a week.The election commission had ordered posting of Sen, IAS officer of 2005 batch, as the district election officer in South Goa, close on the heels of the incident involving Vadra in CSM Nagar in Uttar Pradesh.The Election Commission states that Sen was supposed to replace South Goa Collector Sandip Jacques, who was shunted by the Election Commission owing to his earlier posting as the officer on special duty to Chief Minister Digambar Kamat.Sen's appointment was accordingly ordered by the commission well before the incident in CSM Nagar district took place, the EC had said.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11820739", "title": "Australian university planning campus in Gujarat", "text": "KOLKATA: Australia-based University of Wollongong (UOW) is planning to establish a 72-acre campus in Ahmedabad, an official from the varsity said.Indian students have a major presence in our country. So, we thought why not establish a campus here which will allow them to get the Australian flavour of education without having to leave their shores, Craig Peden, director, corporate relations, UOW, said.Peden also said the university was mulling to establish a branch of Innovation Campus (IC), a technology and research precinct developed by it. With a view to forge partnership with India in the field of RD in areas like advance manufacturing, energy storage etc, we are looking for a suitable place here to establish a branch of the IC, added Peden.IC's brand ambassador and Australian cricketer Adam Gilchrist had visited New Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore last year to scout for a suitable place for the Indian branch.The facility will be the UOW's second international campus alongside Dubai.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815970", "title": "Porngate: Profiles of ministers", "text": "Who is Laxman Savadi?Laxman Sangappa Savadi came up in politics due to his active involvement with the farmers and co-operative sector. He became the director of the Belgaum DCC bank in 1995 and continues to occupy the position till date, after having been elected thrice.In 1999, when the JD(U) refused him a ticket, he contested as an independent from Athani constituency in Belgaum district but lost. However, he continued his pro-farmer agitations and built a good network.He identified himself with the BJP. In 2004,the BJP offered him the ticket to contest the assembly from Athani. This time, he emerged victorious. During the JD(S)-BJP coalition government, he was the chief whip.In the 2008 elections, he won again and became the minister for co-operation. He has identified himself with the B S Yeddyurappa camp. He has remained non-controversial and tactfully handled the opposition in the legislature.Who is CC Patil?Hailing from an agricultural family, 54-year-old CC Patil began his political career with the JD(S). A native of Achamatti village near Nargund, he has completed his Pre-University Course. Besides being a farmer, he's into the fertilizer business. He is involved with the administration of a couple of textile mills too.He began his political career by becoming a zilla panchayat member of Belgaum in 1995. In 1999, he contested on a JD(S) ticket, but lost. Later, he quit the party to join the BJP. In the 2004 and 2008 assembly polls, he emerged victorious. Though he is a follower of BS Yeddyurappa, he wasn't given a ministerial berth when the BJP assumed power. Yeddyurappa made him his parliamentary secretary. Later, Yeddyurappa inducted him into the cabinet and assigned him the women and child development portfolio. Patil has three sons and a daughter.Who is Palemar?One of the richest politicians in the state, J Krishna Palemar was born and brought up in Mangalore from a renowned Hindu Ramakshathriya family. His parents are J Mallappa and Hemavathi.Palemar after completing his education took up the land business as his main profession in 1980. Later, he diversified into construction and development business. Today, he has diversified into several kinds of business and dons many hats like an industrialist, builder and an educationist. He owns a chain of business firms such as Land Link, Quality Clay and Tile industries, Prestige Cable (Pvt) Ltd., Land Mover, Land Link Housing Development Corporation , City Market Shopping Arcade, Kapila Oils and so on.He also runs educational institutions namely Vikas College of Physiotherapy and Vidya High School, Derebail. He is the promoter of the Landlinks Township with 1,000 houses. This township bagged the fourth place during a competition held in Delhi by the ministry of Housing and Urban Development. He was instrumental in Justice N Santosh Hegde resigning as Lokayukta on June 23, 2010 after Deputy Conservator of Forests R Gokul was suspended by the order of Palemar. It was speculated that then ports minister Palemar had recommended Gokul's suspension on behalf of some politicians with business interests, but Palemar defended his recommendation to suspend Gokul.Palemar has assets worth over Rs 27 crore. He has property worth Rs 21.07 crore and has taken loan of Rs 16.13 crore from banks and has deposits of Rs 22.36 lakh in various banks. He owns vehicles worth Rs 37.27 lakh. He has invested Rs 1.90 crore in shares and debentures and has insurance policies summing up to Rs 48.23 lakh, deposits of Rs 30.33 lakh in various banks, mutual funds of the value Rs 1.25 lakh. Also, there are insurance policies of Rs 4.65 lakh in his wife's name.He has non-agricultural lands in various parts of the district which are worth about Rs 93.34 lakh, commercial complexes of net value Rs 64.93 lakh and apartments of about Rs 44.48 lakh. Palemar also owns non-agricultural land of about Rs 55.31 lakh, commercial complex of Rs 10 lakh. His wife is the designated owner of apartments of the commercial value of Rs 80 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817507", "title": "Childhood epilepsy higher than estimated in city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Be it cyst in the brain, genetic , infections or birth associated brain injury , childhood epilepsy in Chandigarh has been found to be -- 6.24 per 1000 -- more than the estimates prevalent in the northern India. The previously reported prevalence rate per 1000 for childhood epilepsy in three studies from Indian subcontinent have been reported as; 5.4 in Haryana; 5.4 in Kerala and 22.2 in Calicut.During the study period of one year, 3,684 children in the age group of 1-18 years, were screened, 1,825 in urban and 1,859 in rural areas of Chandigarh.As a part of MD thesis in PGI, the department of paediatric medicine inferred the prevalence of epilepsy in Chandigarh. Dr Pratibha Singhi, who has supervised the research in the department of paediatric medicine said, \"There had been no prevalence study on this topic, so we decided to conduct door-to-door survey. There are no national projections, but whatever published material is available cites the prevalence as 5.4 per 1,000 in children under the age of 16 years in North India.\"The prevalence rate of seizures, including epilepsy, was estimated at 12/1000 overall; 9/1000 in urban and 16/1000 in rural areas of Chandigarh. Differentiating between seizures or convulsions and epilepsy, Dr Singhi said, \"Seizures with fever are termed febrile seizures (not epilepsy). Two or more seizures not provoked by fever are termed epilepsy.Febrile seizures were the single most common cause of acute symptomatic seizures in childhood, accounting for approximately 69% cases.The study, however, has not found any specific reason regarding the incidence in the city. \"The known reasons are poor sanitation, consumption of raw vegetables or unhygienic water. In children deficiency of vitamins like vitamin B6 resulting in epilepsy can be corrected without any anti-epilepsy medicine,\" said Dr Sunit Singhi, head of the paediatric medicine department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11821278", "title": "Aishwarya Sakhuja has a reason to eat Cadbury", "text": "Keeping in tune with their family bonding exercise and their tag line Kuch Meetha Ho Jaaye, Cadbury has now signed on none other than famous girl Aishwarya Sakhuja aka 'Toasty' of 'Saas Bina Sasural' fame, as the new girl for their upcoming ad campaigns.Aishwarya who is being loved by young and old alike, for her portrayal of the sweet and understanding bahu, seemed to the be the most apt choice for Cadbury to continue with their campaign where getting the family together is being highlighted.Every good marketer knows that to reach out to the target audience one requires a celebrity face with whom the target audience can relate and celebrities ensure attention of the target group by breaking the clutter of advertisements and making the ad and the brand more noticeable.So here is one company who realised that celebrities with the right brand value are needed and the obvious choice seemed only fair and thus came in Aishwarya Sakhuja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817857", "title": "Farmers happy to be part of decision-making process", "text": "PATNA: Farmers who participated at the second Kisan Samagam (farmers' congregation) at the S K Memorial Hall, Patna, on Saturday after a gap of four years were elated over their increasing participation in the decision-making process of the government. The state government had called them for the second time on the day to seek their suggestions for preparing an effective Second Agri Road Map for Development (2012-2017).On the sidelines of the Samagam, a farmer from village Ghansurpur under Bakhtiarpur block, Patna, Ram Janam Singh, said that the government had given respect to the farmers a second time in four years to usher in the second road map after the successful results of the First Agri Road Map for Development. At the last Kisan Samagam held here in 2008, the government had solicited farmers' suggestion to implement the First Agri Road Map, he said. He added that the farmers were important human resource for applying new agriculture technology in the farms. The government schemes to provide seeds under Mukhya Mantri Tivra Beej Vikas Yojana, and other inputs, including fertilizers, particularly the biofertilizer and vermi culture, has done wonders in improving agriculture yield, the farmer said.Singh said that the government functionaries have also provided dhaincha and moong seeds for green manuring of the farms for organic farming and gave subsidies for vermi culture that have nearly doubled, even tripled in some cases, the agriculture output. He said that he has himself switched over to organic farming to get triple yield of brinjal from his farm. Organic farming has reduced heavily the use of pesticides, he said, adding that the Krishi Vigyan Kendras have trained farmers in using modern technology to get high farm yield. Singh said that seven years back, the farmers had almost reached the stage of stopping farm activities dissatisfied with agriculture policies of the previous government, but, later, support to the farmers through the first map changed the scenario completely, he said.Another farmer, Nakul Prasad Sah from Madarganj village under Sanaula block, Bhagalpur district, told TOI that the first map was implemented well with agri scientists helping the farmers in applying modern agriculture technology to get high yield from farms. He said that the officials from Kendras and scientists from Bihar Agricultural University, Sabaur, have helped the farmers which resulted in increased farm yield by 1.5 to 1.75 times, despite less irrigation facility. With improved irrigation, the farm yield would double, he added.However, some farmers from drought-hit areas in Bhojpur rued their lot. A farmer, Sukhdeo Singh, from Barnav village, Jagdishpur block, alleged administrative failure in providing seeds in good quantity to the farmers. He also alleged that the tail end of a dilapidated canal linked to his village could not provide water for irrigation for one month during the drought period.Another farmer, Jai Vishnu Singh, of Navanagar village, Buxar district, said two years of drought had hit farm prospects, and farm production in 2011-12 was only 75% as due to burnt transformer, the pump sets could not be used to extract ground water for irrigation. He added that irrigation from the dilapidated canal was not possible at his village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "11817482", "title": "Problems park themselves firmly at Gurdev Nagar", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: Most of us have very beautiful picture associated with parks. But revise that image with city parks, which are a picture of filth and litter. Dogs roaming around, polythene bags littered around, footpaths broken, overgrown grass, these are just few of the blots on the park number 1 located in Gurdev Nagar, which ironically is one of the posh localities of the tinsel town.Says Ajay Sharma, a resident who deals in shares, \"The park no longer resembles what it used to be. All the time at least 7-8 dogs are seen roaming around in it. Huge quantity of polythene bags are lying in the park. The grass is rarely pruned and plants are hardly taken care of. Due to no maintenance, even the side footpaths are broken.\"The park has lots of ornamental plants and flowers but ironically the municipal corporation cares two hoots about its maintenance, he adds.Mansi, a homemaker of Gurdev Nagar, who has two kids says, \"Though we have a small garden at home but it is insufficient for our kids to play. The only option they have is this park, but it is also out of bounds for them as I cannot allow them to go there due to fear of stray dogs. Plus, the park is in a bad state with broken footpath and garbage.\"Rahul, a kid of the same locality says, \"We play cricket in the park but the fear of being bitten by stray dogs always keeps looming in our heads. The authorities should take these dogs out.\"Motorman Chotelal, who works at the water pump in the park, says, \"I cannot prevent dogs from entering inside as my duty is to open the water supply pump and nothing more.\" However he refuted the allegations that the park is not being properly taken care of, saying a gardener from MC visits the park for cutting grass and maintaining plants and flowers.Efforts to contact commissioner M S Jaggi proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815668", "title": "Nitin's plight grabs HC attention", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking suo moto cognizance of a TOI report on a victim of last year's HC blast, the Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the Centre and state government's responses.The report highlighted the plight of the victim, Nitin Mandlaus, who can not return to his family in Toronto due to lack of a medical certificate explaining the presence of 600 metal pieces in his body.Moved by his condition, a bench of acting chief justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notices to the Centre and Delhi government, and also sought a status report by next week on why there is delay in facilitating Nitin's return to Canada.37-year-old Nitin, an NRI, a Canada-based software consultant, survived the Delhi High Court blast of September 7, 2011, but was left with 822 pieces of shrapnel piercing his body. Nitin had shifted to Canada three years ago and after the ghastly terrorist attack, he could not catch a flight to Canada without a certificate from doctors explaining the presence of metal in his body, including his skull.Nitin was denied the certificate by the doctors of Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) Hospital, where he received the treatment, as the doctors said they do not have the legal powers to issue such a document, the report said. After a long treatment, doctors at RML succeeded in prising out about 200 out of the 822 pieces of shrapnel from his body and said that removing any more pieces could risk his life.When Nitin approached the Canadian High Commission, the officials told him that he could be arrested in Canada for the offence of possessing metallic objects with him. They also asked him to produce a certificate from a senior medical practitioner, stating the exact chain of events and his medical condition so that he can visit his wife and son in Toronto.Despite representations to both Delhi government and the Union Health Ministry, Nitin did not get a favourable response.Talking to TOI, Nitin said that he had been already contacted by Home Ministry through the local police. \"I am happy with the developments. As the matter is now being dealt by the High Court, I will not like to comment on anything else,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11817125", "title": "Contempt case: Gilani moves Supreme Court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani on Wednesday appealed against the Supreme Court order to frame contempt charges against him for failing to reopen graft cases against president Asif Ali Zardari .Gilani asked the court to suspend its last week order in which Gilani was summoned to appear before it on February 13 for the formal framing of the charges. He filed the 200-page appeal through his counsel Aitzaz Ahsan.The appeal points out more than 50 legal and constitutional points, emphasizing that the prime minister did not go against the constitution by not writing a letter to Swiss government to re-open corruption cases against the president.Adding that constitution provides immunity to the president from prosecution, Ahsan said, \"My objection is that the court, in its order on Feb 2, cited no specific reasons for initiating contempt of court proceedings against the PM. The ruling was given without the premier being given an opportunity to defend himself directly.\" He asked the court to constitute a larger bench to hear the appeal. Excluding the judges that are currently hearing the case, Ahsan said, there are nine judges who can form a new bench for the hearing of the case. \"The new bench will definitely include Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry ,\" he added.A seven-member bench, headed by Justice Nasirul Mulk, concluded on February 2 that it had sufficient reasons to start contempt of court proceedings against the prime minister and subsequently ordered him to appear before the court for the second time. Gilani had agreed to appear before it on February 13. He first appeared before the Supreme Court on January 19 to explain why the contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against him following his failure to implement the court's orders. The government maintains that Zardari enjoys blanket immunity as the head of state.\"It depends on the court to stay the proceedings and decide against summoning the prime minister on February 13,\" Ahsan said. If convicted of contempt, the prime minister could be jailed for up to six months and disqualified from public office.Tensions between Pakistan's judiciary and the government have been brewing since Zardari refused to restore judges sacked by the former military ruler Pervez Musharraf. But he was later forced to reinstate them under pressure from lawyers and the public. Since 2009, the Supreme Court has been insisting the government to write a letter to the Swiss government about reopening of a graft case against president Zardari but the government has been defying the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817609", "title": "Battery of lawyers argue against T Ngr sealing drive", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday reserved orders on a batch of writ petitions which would decide the fate of thousands of unauthorized constructions in the city.The first bench reserved the orders after hearing the submissions of a battery of senior counsel representing traders associations and leading business houses, most of which were sealed and locked by the CMDA and the Chennai Corporation on October 31, 2011.Senior counsel Ravishankar Prasad said the high court's 2006 order appointing a monitoring committee to oversee implementation of building regulations was unconstitutional as it had no such powers.Senior counsel Altaf Ahmed submitted that the state government was in the process of reviewing the Tamil Nadu Town and Country Planning Act and hence status quo should be maintained.Senior advocate Ariyama Sundaram said the CMDA's counter-affidavit was flawed because it admitted that it was not obliged to serve notice to tenants and occupants of buildings identified for sealing or demolition. Another senior counsel G Rajagopal said the authorities had sealed a building constructed much before the cut-off date of 1999.P Wilson, senior counsel, said that since the amendment to the Town and Country Planning Act had not obtained presidential assent, they could not be applied to the petitioners.Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said the sealing drive was as per law and court directions, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815750", "title": "UP polls: Young voters stamp their mark", "text": "Nineteen-year-old Sonam embodies the change that looks to be the leitmotif of the UP elections this time. First-time voters like her were out on streets in Barabanki, Sitapur, Gonda and Ayodhya to exercise their first vote on Wednesday.She was happy to be a part of the electoral process. \"Voting was the first thing that I did today,\" she said enthusiastically. Maintaining the secrecy of her ballot, Sonam said that for her, candidate was more important than a political party.Her logic was same as that of Uma Srivastava, a young voter in Barabanki. \"These days candidates keep changing their political affiliations. Therefore, the decision has to be based on the image a person carries,\" said Uma who studies Home Science in Lucknow University. She resides in Lucknow but made it a point to go back home to cast her first vote. After all, every single vote matters. A paramedical student Sumedha Gupta too found elections more important than the 'tradition of poll day break'.\"The Anna movement prompted me to think what I can do for my country. The smallest thing that I can do is to cast my vote and so I am here,\" she said. The genext in Ayodhya, too, is looking forward for change.\"I don't care about the Babri outcome,\" said 22-something Jehangir. \"I want to see the city grow, bring in more jobs and prosperity,\" he said. Keshav Singh, 20, feels absolutely nothing about \"the dead and controversial past\" of his home town. \"It's time we got real and therefore we need someone who promises to take us forward and not force us to look back and brood, he said.These young voters feel that low turnout may finally be a thing of the past. What supports the belief was an equal level of enthusiasm among rural young voters who were casting votes for the first time. An agricultural labourer in Survari village, Desh Raj found voting a natural process. \"I have never seen anybody in my village who does not vote,\" he said.Asked to comment on what an ideal candidate means to him, he said, \"anyone who is approachable and thinks about the people in his area.\" Manoj Kumar of bindauva village also exercised franchise for the first time. \"I am here to do my bit for our society,\" he stated.Fewer girls were seen queued up outside polling booths. But locals attributed this to the fact that most girls in rural areas get married by the time they attain the age of 18 or 19. This was substantiated by the presence of young brides, some of whom had come along with their motherin-law to cast their vote.In Sitapur, Mohammed Usman, a first-time voter said, ``My friends and I have come to vote for the first time. We have looked at the past performances of the candidates who are contesting. Our votes will be cast on the basis of this, instead of their party affiliations.'' Looking more upbeat that all the other voters at most polling booths, in Misrikh, youth voters said they a candidate's caste was no longer the first priority for casting votes.``We look at how educated a person is. If our candidate is forward looking, he will be able to raise the concerns of our constituency in the assembly. The old, uneducated people are now out of vogue.''In Gonda, too, the first-time voters made a beeline outside the polling centers curiously waiting for their turn to enter the polling booth. Most of them were clear about their motivation.\"This is the first time and I for one never wanted to miss the opportunity,\" said Daddan Singh, a teenager from Gilauli area of the city. For Sonu Jaiswal, it was the sense of responsibility that prompted him not only to cast his vote but also help his 70 plus grandmother Shanti to the polling station.\"I don't know why people simply sit back and wait for everyone else to do their bit of the job and later on crib over the pathetic political scenario,\" he said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820094", "title": "Surfers flock to Odisha's Ramachandi beach", "text": "TOI joined surfers from across the globe as the first day of the India Surf Festival kicked off on the Ramachandi beach .Breaking the silence of the sea early in the morning on Tuesday, surfers from across India and abroad played with the waves taking their Stand Up Paddles (SUP) into the sea at the Ramachandi beach near Konark. Many surfers were already on the sea much before the sunrise to explore the water sport potential of the vast shoreline of Odisha. People, who were eagerly waiting to watch the sunrise at Konark, were in for a pleasant surprise and were amazed to witness so many surfers on the beach. \"I was waiting to see the sun rise. But what excited me more was when I saw a man riding the waves with a small boat-like thing. It was really amazing,\" said Bhagaban Sahoo, a tourist on the beach.This is how the first day of the India Surf Festival, the first-ever surfing event in India, started off on Tuesday morning. Apart from the surfers, surfing instructors, surf board manufacturers, surf news agency, International Organisation of Stand Up Paddle(IOSUP), Spain, are also joining in the event. Moreover, Mumbai-based musical bands like Tribal Flora and The Mavyns joined in the fun. If the enthusiasm of the participants is anything to go by, this festival could witness a roaring success.\"I am New Surf Project (NSP) USA's brand rider and I have been surfing my whole life. I am in India to promote the sport (surfing) since it is in the nascent stage in this country. Since Odisha has a long coast line, the opportunities here are huge. My role in this festival is to help everybody who is interested in surfing. I believe once you try surfing, you are bound to have all the fun,\" said Jesse Brown , a brand rider of NSP from Hawai, adding, \"Surfing is really wonderful and there is huge potential for surfing in this country. Everyone should try it. To be a surfer, you have to be in love with the water and be comfortable with it. It will be convenient if you practice first on a boat.\"Another surfer from Vishakhapatnam, Andy said, \"There are a lot of people who want to surf in the water but don't know how to do it. Through this festival, we want to educate them about the surfing. It's actually beautiful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817483", "title": "Ponty Chadha raids: I-T confirms seizure worth Rs 6 cr", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Intelligence and Criminal Investigations (I&CI;) wing of the income tax department conducting operations claimed to have recovered jewellery and cash worth Rs 6 crore from the liquor baron Jagdeep Singh Chadha alias Ponty Chadha during the last week raids.The investigating officers on duty are largely banking upon the incriminating documents like out of books settlement of stocks, out of books deals in real estate and immovable assets of the company and other documents indicating alleged criminal financial proceeds by the Ponty Chadha group across the region.Entire operations were carried out by 200 strong force by newly-created Directorate of Intelligence and Criminal Investigations, a dedicated wing to unearth and prosecute those involved in criminal finance proceeds, such as hawala operators and related activities.It will take at least 3 months to reach at any conclusion, so far quantifying the detection made during the operations are concerned. The sizeable workforce of officers and employees is examining the details of documents recovered during the raids. Besides this, the assessees need to be confronted for the same, hence there is a long way to go. So far as the seizure is concerned, we have got Rs one crore in cash and jewellery worth Rs 5 crore,'' highly-placed sources in the I&CI; directorate, New Delhi, said.The Chandigarh office had coordinated for the inputs related to Chadha's wealth and properties in Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and Himachal Pradesh. Besides Amritsar, Chadha has its properties in Ludhiana and other parts of Punjab. The directorate has got the inputs related to known sources of Chadha's income from the concerned offices of income tax in Amritsar, Ludhiana and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow/kanpur", "code": "11815312", "title": "UP secondary education director held", "text": "LUCKNOW/KANPUR: The state government on Wednesday suspended director, secondary education, Sanjay Mohan, who was earlier arrested in connection with alleged irregularities in the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) held on November 13, 2011.After the TET results were declared on November 26, 2011, it was found that a few anti-social elements were trying to lure unemployed youths by promising them success in TET entrance exam. Suspecting foul play, the state government ordered the Special Task Force (STF) to look into the issue. During the probe, the name of director, secondary education, propped up as one of the main player in the racket and on Wednesday, he was arrested.Following the development, the state government ordered his suspension with immediate effect. According to reports, the STF had arrested five persons involved in the racket on December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817462", "title": "'Let us take books to library'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Representatives of the Indian National Students' Organization (INSO) staged a protest outside the vice-chancellor's office at Panjab University on Wednesday. They were demanding officials to permit taking text books inside AC Joshi Library. INSO supporters lead Anil Ghanghas stated that they had earlier given a memorandum to the VC and Dean Student welfare both in November last year.\"Only the outer section is the place where students are allowed to take their own books. With many more students and courses, there must be more facilities for students,\" said Ghanghas. He added that leading universities in North India permitted students to carry their text books, including MDU, Kurukshetra University, JNU, to library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816002", "title": "Highway plan hits Red roadblock", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the tall claims of the Centre, particularly Union home minister P Chidambaram, on successfully tackling leftwing extremism, it was found that the construction of highways in Naxal-infested areas of Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand has come to a grinding halt due to rising violence.According to the ministry of road transport and highways, due to the poor response from contractors in these areas the construction of state and national highways had to be abandoned.\"So far, work on 730 km-long motorways in eight states has been completed, however, following the spurt in Naxal activities, there was poor response from the contractors. Though the Centre has relaxed eligibility norms to encourage larger participation of contractors, the response was dismal,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Wednesday.The Union government had drafted an ambitious plan for construction of 5,477 km-long roads and national highways for Rs 7,300 crore passing through 34 Naxal-infested districts in eight states. Surprisingly, despite special security measures for construction workers, during 2008 and 2009, no road was constructed and no expenditure was incurred.In Maharashtra, the bureaucrat said, the Centre had proposed to construct 266 km-long roads for Rs 288 crore between 2009 and 2010 and 111 km-roads for Rs 96 crore from 2010 to 2011. The performance was dismal, since between 2009 and 2010, no length of road was constructed; and from 2010 to 2011 only 66 km-long roads were built. In 2011 and 2012, 99 km-long roads have been for a cost of 153 crore respectively.The situation in most of the states hit by leftwing extremism was more or less similar. The bureaucrat said, 23 projects, stretching across 368 km, are in progress in Maharashtra and 15 projects (24 km) have been delayed between one to three years.On occasions, it was found that machinery worth crores was either damaged or burnt by the Naxalites. \"As a result of the violence, there is lack of cooperation from the villagers. Hence, most projects had to be abandoned,\" he said.In view of the situation, the Centre wants to set up a special battalion under the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) exclusively for construction of roads and highways in such states. \"Setting up a battalion will take some time, but it is the only option to ensure that the roads are constructed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11816073", "title": "Live election webcast now a success story in assembly poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: \"Have you ever seen live webcasting of polling. Don't miss it. Must see it now (sic)\", reads a status update on the CEO Uttar Pradesh Facebook page.This is for the first time live webcasting has been done extensively in the Uttar Pradesh assembly election. Taking a leap forward towards ensuring free and fair election in the state, UP unit of the Election Commission has put 270 polling booths 'live on the Internet' on Wednesday. Earlier, in the 2010 Doomariyaganj byelection, six polling booths were covered under live webcast on an experimental basis.On Wednesday 45 polling booths from Faizabad, 40 from Sitapur, 35 from Barabanki, 30 from Gonda, 25 each from Baharaich, Basti and Ambedkarnagar, 17 from Siddharthnagar and 5 from Shravasti were live on the web.\"Overall polling has been peaceful. Due to rain, the turnout was low in the early hours of polling but as sun came out, there were long queues. Given that webcasting is done on an experimental stage, we are able to track different polling booths,\" says an election observer, who didn't want to be named. \"Lack of Internet and other facilities at interior places are proving as hindrance in the implementation of technology at the village level, but in general, EC has done a good job in implementing technologically advanced experiments,\" he added.\"Webcasting ensures free and fair elections as everything is visible in the public domain. We used 2,600 cameras and were keeping a hawk-eye view of the proceedings. This exercise proves to be helpful in maintaining an unbiased environment. Moreover, this inspires others to cast their adult franchise,\" says chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha.\"The UP CEO website has witnessed more than 50,000 visits on Tuesday itself and today it's more than that,\" says an EC official. Leaving behind some minor glitches like bandwidth clutter, the idea to promote a clean and fair democratic process has been a success. \"Most parts of the areas that went to poll lack technological advancement and hence putting together as many as 270 polling booths under webcasting was a challenge. We look forward to increase the number in the next phases,\" he adds.Interestingly, in one of the webcast from New Junior High School Subeha Middle Part, Barabanki, officials were seen using LPG lamps to beat bad light. The webcast, however, was uninterrupted with good quality audio and streaming. \"EC has turned tech-savvy enabling us to view first-hand experience of polling. This is free, fair and authoritative. This experiment should be implemented in all the polling booths thereby negating incidents like vote capturing,\" says Ajay Shukla, a resident of Milkipur, while talking to TOI.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816562", "title": "'PFC didn't withdraw any deposits'", "text": "KOCHI: Private sector Dhanlaxmi Bank, which has been in the thick of controversy following the unseemly exit of managing director and CEO Amitabh Chaturvedi earlier this week, has denied reports that deposits worth nearly Rs 500 crore have been withdrawn from the bank by the Power Finance Corp (PFC).A spokesperson of the Thrissur-based bank clarified on Wednesday that the withdrawals of roughly Rs 500 crore last week did not constitute deposits of any sort made by PFC in the bank, but repatriation via the Escrow account route of the proceeds of a bond issue carried out by PFC last month.\"PFC raised close to Rs 5,000 crore from the issue which closed on January 16, and Dhanlaxmi Bank had issued the bonds on their behalf, raising proceeds of roughly Rs 500 crore. The issue proceeds of Rs 500 crore were repatriated to PFC through a Escrow account opened for the purpose,\" the spokesperson said.PFC's public issue of tax-free bonds for Rs 1,000 crore on December 30 last year came with a greenshoe option of Rs 4,033.13 crore. Dhanlaxmi Bank was a banker to the issue, along with others like SBI, HDFC Bank, IDBI Bank, ICICI Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank .Bank CEO Amitabh Chaturvedi had resigned on Monday following a board meeting, citing career objectives as the reason for his untimely exit. He was replaced by executive director P G Jayakumar, a 34-year veteran with the bank. Chaturvedi had been given a service extension of two years last year, but chose to end his term well in advance, prompting specualtion that he had been ousted by the board.The bank has denied that Chaturvedi, who took over the bank's helm in 2008, was ousted following allegations by its officers' union last year that the bank's financial condition was deteriorating due to financial irregularities. An RBI audit cleared the bank of any wrongdoing. \"We had clarified that these allegations are baseless earlier and maintain the same stand,\" the spokesperson said.On the BSe, shares of the bank ended up by 2.86% at Rs 57.50 on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817185", "title": "Two held in Chennai with memory cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Based on inputs by the customs department in Delhi airport , two passengers were arrested in Chennai for smuggling memory cards. Both are Delhi residents.Customs officials said that based on specific information by their intelligence unit, two passengers, 54-year-old Ashok Kumar Rattan, holder of Indian passport no J-5284624 and 31-year-old Pooja Talwar, holder of Indian Passport No. J-5850861 travelled from Bangkok on flight TG-337 to Chennai on February 7. Chennai air customs recovered 30,000 2GB micro SD cards from Rattan and another 32,400 cards from Talwar. The packets containing the cards were wrapped with cello tape and tied to their legs with stockings. The recovery was worth Rs 93.04 lakh. The two have been arrested under the Customs Act, 1962.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817261", "title": "Minor girl used as bride made witness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crime branch officials said that the phone call made by Shweta to Saleem also revealed that a minor girl, 17 years old, who was married to a boy in Bhavnagar using similar modus operandi would also run away from her in-laws place and reach Mumbai on Sunday. Following the arrests in Ahmedabad, police have also apprehended the minor girl and made her a witness in the case.The minor revealed to the police that she was based in Mumbai and was forced into flesh trade since she was 12 years old. She was used in the flesh trade for five years after which she was involved in the marriage racket and used to dupe desperate bachelors who paid to get a bride.Crime branch officials said that investigations have revealed that the gang had 15-17 girls who were being repeatedly sold in marriage only to run away with cash and valuables given during the wedding.ACP crime branch Mayur Chavda said that more arrests are likely in the case including girls posing as brides as well as other gang members.\"This is an inter-state gang capitalizing on the social situation of scarce brides in the state arising out of skewed sex ratio. We will investigate this case thoroughly and try to reach to other gangs operational in the state as well,\" said Chavda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815544", "title": "Jail inmate cuts off his body part", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bizarre incident, an inmate of Sikar jail reported to be mentally unstable allegedly removed a portion of his private part. The incident happened late on Tuesday. Initially, he was thought to be roughed up by other prisoners but jail officials said the inmate injured himself.Lodged in the jail as an undertrial in a dowry harassment case since December 14, 2011, Prem Singh (32) was immediately rushed to the Kalyaan Government Hospital from where he was referred to SMS Hospital here after the incident.Other prisoners, who spotted him with blood oozing out, had enquired and he had replied that he accidentally hit himself at the gate near the prison toilet, police said.As whether he was roughed up by fellow inmates, an investigating officer of the case from Dadia police station said, \"The condition of the inmate is mentally unstable for quite some time. It was recommended for him to go for regular check ups with the psychiatrists. In the investigations so far, it was found that he went to the toilet and chopped one of his testicles.\"\"His condition is improving according to the doctors attending him. We have information that he had been operated,\" the officer said.Jailer Firoz Khan said, \"On Tuesday morning, a visiting psychiatrist diagnosed some psychiatric problem in Singh and recommended that he should be taken to a hospital for check up. While we were arranging for it and thought of taking him to the hospital on Wednesday, he did this in the evening.\"Normally, he is a well behaved inmate but for the past a few days he has shown symptoms of being mentally unstable,\" Khan said, adding that he was not been attack by any of the inmate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11816041", "title": "4 in hospital after Navi Mumbai gas leak", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: There was panic in Turbhe as a pungent odour of a gas spread in the locality following a fire at a government-run Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) godown near Turbhe station on Wednesday.Four men, including two CWC workers, were taken to a municipal hospital in Vashi after they complained of nausea, eye and throat irritation. The fire brigade sounded a general alert in the locality that has a population of around 3,000, officials asked people to stay away from the burning warehouse. While the fire was brought under control by Wednesday afternoon, several residents experienced oral uneasiness due to the after-effects of the gas fumes in the air. \"The gas could comprise oxides of sulphur, as over 3,400 containers of the chemical were stored inside the CWCwarehouse at the time of the fire,\" a fire brigade official said. Dr Arti Singh, medical officer in the casualty ward of the municipal hospital, said, \"The four men who were admitted are now stable. They had inhaled the fumes during the fire.\" The patients are Sanjay Gawane (37), Dilip Shinde (38), Nitin Kedare (25) and Santosh Mate (23).The fire brigade is probing into the cause of the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816557", "title": "Asus to launch premium tablet", "text": "KOCHI: Personal computer and accessories manufacturer Asus will launch its premium computing tablet Prime on February 22 in India, said Alex Huang, country head for the business systems group of Asus Technology Pvt Ltd (India).He was in Kochi to inaugurate Laptop World, the company's third outlet in Kerala.Running on the Android Honeycomb 3.2 operating system, the slim tablet will have a 10.1 inch screen. \"This is a premium product with an NVIDIA Tegra 3 quadcore processor priced at Rs 49,999,\" said Huang.\"People were busy browsing their netbooks, but today the users do not just browse - they also blog and do heavy emailing,\" he said, elaborating on the changes in usage patterns of tablet customers.Huang highlighted the fact that though the market for tablets is smaller than that of netbooks, the growth rate of the tablet market is higher than that of the latter.Asus' Transformer, a crossover between a tablet and a netbook launched last year, accounts for 5% of the total portable devices market in the country, he said.In Kerala, the model gained only 2.5% of the portable devices market.Kerala contributes 7 to 8% of the overall turnover of Asus Technology. Huang believes that this will rise to 10% of the top line by the end of the current fiscal. Nationwide, the company is on an expansion drive and is planning to open 100 shops in 4-5 months. Asus currently has stores in New Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Kozhikode, Goa, Jaipur, Thane, Raipur, Bhilai, Gurgaon and Durgapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817852", "title": "HC seeks reply on delayed hospital project", "text": "PATNA: A division bench of the Patna High Court on Wednesday directed the Centre to submit report on the progress of the construction work of the upcoming Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS) here. The HC had last year directed the Centre to make the JPNAIIMS functional by October 2, 2012, or face contempt of court proceedings.The division bench, comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi, on Wednesday directed the Centre to submit its report by February 15 stating as to what action it has taken till date with regard to making the Institute functional by the stipulated time. The court also directed the Centre to submit report on appointments of teachers and other staff as well as equipment installation at the Institute. The foundation stone of JMNAIIMS was laid by the then vice-president, Bhairon Singh Shekhawat , on January 3, 2004. The project was planned to be completed within three years.The construction work got delayed due to the sluggish approach of the Centre and the state government, said lawyer M P Gupta, of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare which filed a PIL in the court in 2005, seeking its intervention for speedy construction of the hospital. Delay in the construction of the Institute also escalated the project's initial cost of Rs 335 crore which was revised twice to Rs 585 crore and Rs 838 crore.The HC had earlier also formed a three-member committee, comprising Gupta, additional advocate general Lalit Kishore and the Union government's counsel. The panel was given the mandate to visit the site and ensure that irregularities are not committed with regard to the construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815465", "title": "Cup of cheer, served with a twist", "text": "KOLKATA: The relationship between tea and Bangali babus goes back a long way. But times are changing and so are tastes. Light bodied varieties of tea are gaining ground among aficionados for their aroma and finesse. Flavoured tea and blooming tea have become the newest drink for the young and not-so-young tea drinkers of the city.Regulars like Darjeeling, Assam, Niligiri, Sikkim and Oolong still rule the charts. But innovation is the name of the game today. So now we get the tea in radical flavours and hues like almond, chamomile, chocolate, hibiscus, chrysanthemum, jasmine, lily or peppermint. The carte du jour of speciality tea runs into pages.\"The aroma was mesmerizing, making me a loyalist at the first sip. And it tastes good too,\" smiled Shikha Chatterjee who was found buying packets of green tea from one of the few stores that sells herbal tea in the city. The store has a wide collection of flavoured green tea - spice, earl grey, jasmine, mango-vanilla, mint-basil, fennel-ginger and ginger mint lemon. All are available in 50 gram packs priced moderately between Rs 125 and Rs 160.Ratna Kulkarni, who has been drinking organic tea for over a decade, gets her tea from China, Indonesia and Mumbai. Her favourite is Japanese tea. \"The first time I tasted Japanese tea, I fell in love with the aroma. I keep drinking cups of green tea all through the day but I must have a cup of Japanese tea after every meal,\" she said.Strangely enough, this tea crazy city doesn't have too many speciality tea joints. Twenty five years ago, Dolly Roy of Dolly's Tea Shop introduced Kolkata to these interesting concoctions. The shop is an oasis in the dreary Dakshinapan Shopping Complex off Dhakuria bridge. Teak panels, rattan chairs, handmade paper lamp shades and the presence of the matriarch Dolly Roy herself makes the joint score on comfort as well as food.\"I have seen people grow. I have loyalists spread across generations, ranging from two-year-olds to 80 years,\" claims Roy. Over a cup of second flush muscatel, she shared many a personal experience. \"There was this young mother who insisted on having her son's six-month rice eating ceremony at the shop, because while her son was in her womb, she would come to the shop every day,\" smiled Roy. Madhumita Chatterjee, a resident of Australia, was seen buying tea gift packets for friends and family abroad. \"I remember coming to Dolly's when I was in college. I love green tea because of its anti-oxidant quality,\" Madhumita said.The most expensive cup at the shop is Makaibari Silver Tips pegged at Rs 100. Some of the other interesting drinks available are Kashmiri Kahwa, Peppermint Lemon, Mistea, Yankee Brew, Black Forest tea, Orange and Mint Julep.The other joint where one can get a cup of this humble brew with a twist is the Cha Bar. Nestled inside Oxford bookstore on Park Street, the interiors have a natural feel with wood, bamboo, cane, glass and books. The decor is spruced up with quirky and kitsch tea pots, kettles, cups and saucers.There are flavoured dips, herbal mixes, fruit brews, organic nips, green tea, Ayurvedic blends and a lot more to choose from. Health buffs can try Chinese and Japanese savours, served without milk. One of the most sought-after is jasmine tea, and there are countless iced teas to beat the heat. Some of the drinks have interesting names like Truck Drivers' 100 Mile Ki Chai, Dragon Ball, Darjeeling High Fired and Bollywood Masala Mix Chai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816188", "title": "Congress goes back on shop timing promise", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), in their joint manifesto, have promised to \"make Mumbai a city with modern facilities and services on par with international cities\", and yet, at the same time, have made a commitment that threatens such a possibility and goes against an assurance given by the Congress before the last civic election.In the joint manifesto, the parties promise to \"make efforts to keep shops open till 10pm with a request to government for permission\". Five years ago, in the run-up to the municipal election, the Congress had said that \"efforts will be made to allow shops to remain open till midnight\".Congress office-bearers who were involved in the preparation of the joint manifesto argued that only the \"points agreed upon by both the parties had been included.\" The 2012 manifesto was released on Wednesday evening. Leaders present on the occasion said that \"all assurances made in the manifesto will be fulfilled\".The state legislature has already approved a proposal to amend the Bombay Shops and Establishment Act, 1948, to allow shops to function till 10pm. The issue has been taken up with the Central government, which has the final say on this legislation.As reported by TOI on Wednesday, the manifesto prominently plays up the slum card, with assurances on regularizing slums till December 31, 2000, and lifting CRZ restrictions for slums located between 100 m to 500 m of the high tide line.The manifesto also promises formation of a cleaning brigade, quality control division for road works, life insurance for students, BEST trip at Rs 1 for all students, and 50% subsidy in BEST passes for senior citizens. While the Congress' 2007 manifesto promised 24-hour water supply, the 2012 joint manifesto assures \"adequate water supply\" by tapping existing water resources adequately, and forming a committee of experts to tap new sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "11817367", "title": "Ludhiana Tennis Player Tops U-16 AITA Ranking", "text": "SOUTH CITY: For an entire year, Fatehdeep Singh has been smashing powerful shots on tennis courts across the country and even abroad, consistently making Ludhiana proud. In effect, what the city has had a gut feeling about all along has now become official.Fatehdeep has been ranked No. 1 by All India Tennis Association (AITA) in the under-16 category.The 16-year-old said he has been in the habit of checking the AITA website every day and a few days ago when he logged on, he was almost thrown off his chair as he saw his all-India rank as No.1. While Fatehdeep is soaking in the result of his hard work and enjoying his long awaited dream, his family has been feeling like they are on cloud nine.Fatehdeep, a resident of South City, said when 2012 began he had a hunch that this might happen because of the way he had been able to perform in all tennis tournaments in 2011 and because he had started the year with an international tournament at Adelaide, Australia. \"Now I feel that I will soon be able to achieve the dream of playing grand slams too. This achievement has uplifted my morale and I am determined to work harder,'' he said, adding that winning the International Challenger (IC) Asian Tennis Championship and the special coaching camp at Thailand also were a great help.In January, Fatehdeep attended IC World Tennis Championship in Australia and also watched the Australian Open, learning many techniques that renowned international tennis players use.A trainee at Ace Tennis Academy, Fatehdeep said he has been spending most of his time practising under the supervision of coach Vikramjeet. \"For a coach it is a prestigious thing that his trainee has become No.1 in the country. He has great talent and is not afraid of experimenting,\" said Vikramjeet.The player's father, Ram Singh, said his son has not only made the family proud but it's a matter of pride for the city and the state. \"We all should celebrate his victory so that he can bring more laurels to Punjab and India in future,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817555", "title": "Removal of hawkers: HC recalls order", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday recalled its order directing the BMC to take legal steps to vacate hawkers outside an educational complex in Juhu.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by the Vile Parle Kelawani Mandal, which runs educational institutions, including N M and Mithibai colleges, seeking removal of illegal hawkers outside their premises.On February 6, the judges had directed BMC to take steps to apply for vacation of interim relief/injunction against removal of hawkers in the small causes and city civil court. But when the matter came up for hearing on Wednesday, the judges said that in view of Supreme Court's directive in the Maharashtra Ekta Hawkers' Union case , it is better for the parties to move the apex court for clarification. The Supreme Court, in its February 12, 2007, order had stated that no other court shall interpret its order or pass any order touching upon the subject of hawking and non-hawking zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817268", "title": "Heavy rain brings in chill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heavy rain in several parts of the city after midnight brought down both the night and day temperature on Wednesday. Even though the clouds had cleared by early afternoon, a strong cold northerly winds kept the afternoon quite chilly. The maximum temperature fell three degrees below normal to 19.3 degrees Celsius while the minimum was down to 8.5 degrees Celsius.\"It is not likely to rain over Delhi, Punjab and Haryana now, till at least a fresh western disturbance starts affecting the western Himalayan region from February 11. However, cold north/northwesterly winds are blowing over the region and will keep the temperature quite low,\" said a Met official.Delhi's Safdarjung observatory recorded 1.6mm rainfall in 24 hours till 8.30am. \"Cold wave conditions were observed in some parts of Rajasthan and Punjab,\" said a Met official.Rain and snow will occur at a few places over Jammu and Kashmir, HP and Uttarakhand for another day and then decrease, the department said. The minimum temperature is expected to fall by about 2 degrees over northwest India in the next 24 hours. Cold wave conditions could develop over some parts of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan in the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817843", "title": "Six share lead after Rd 4", "text": "NAGPUR: A round after the tactical moves of Prasad Aurangabadkar forced seed No 2 Fide Master Saurabh Kherdekar to sign the peace treaty, other seeded players utilized their experience to the fullest to secure full points in the 1st Maharashtra State Fide Rating Chess Championship at the Sant Gadgemaharaj Dharamshala, Medical Square, here on Wednesday.With victories in contrasting fashion, six players share the lead with full four points.On the top board action, top seed Akash Thakur-playing with the black bits-defeated Deepak Kumatkar in a Scotch Game of 54 moves. In a quick-fire 24-move play, the English Opening of International Master Anup Deshmukh proved too good for Mumbai's Anand Nadar to handle on the second board. Prasad Aurangabadkar playing with the white pieces held his experienced opponent Saurabh Khherdekar to a 50-move draw.Nadar's Mumbai mate, Sameer Kathmale seeded fourth, however, registered a fluent 28-move victory over Raees Ahmed in a Benko Gambit game on the third board.Experienced pro Pradip Tiwari, however, survived a scare from Jay Gandhi on the fourth board. Playing with the white pieces, the irregular opening of Tiwari saw him register victory after a marathon game of 64 moves.High on confidence after her Singapore triumph, Divya Garg held her higher-ranked rival Vinay Barhanpure to a 25-move draw in a game of Catalan opening.Results (round 4)Deepak Kumtakar (3) lost to Akash Thakur (4), Anup Deshkumh (4) bt Anand nadar (3), Raees Ahmed (3) lost to Sameer Kathmale (4), Pradeep Tiwari (4) bt Jay Gandhi (3), Divya Garg (3.5) drew with Vinay Barhanpure (3.5), Chandan Mahajan (4) bt Bhupesh Gade (3), Aurindom Bhattacharya (3) lost to Ashutosh dalal (4), Saurabh Khherdekar (3.5) bt DS Bhugaonkar (3), Ojas Gulhane (3.5) bt R Adethya (2.5), Vaibhav Bhat (3.5) bt Omkar Pande (2.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817210", "title": "Gyaan Punj Scheme to improve school results begin today", "text": "BHOPAL: The state school education department would start a 15-day operation to improve the high school and higher secondary results under the Gyan Punj Scheme from Thursday.Under the programme, members of the newly elected Gyaan Punj team would prepare the students who have scored D and E grades for board examinations. Besides, they would also provide teaching tips to the teachers.'Gyaan Punj Scheme' was approved by the state Cabinet on February 6.Only those teachers are included in the Gyaan Punj team who are the subject experts. Selection of such teachers was done on the basis of the interview after which 400 teachers who were subjects experts were chosen.The officials said that a team has been appointed for all the districts in which eight members have been included.The team would inspect at least three schools each day and would solve the problems of the students concerning different subjects. The team would also find out the problems of the teachers in teaching the subjects and give them tips.As per the plan, a nine-member team was to be selected for every district but only 400 candidates were found eligible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817593", "title": "Tamil audio books make a comeback", "text": "CHENNAI: When Murali Kannadhason G wanted to take his grandfather, poet laureate Kannadhasan's works to a wider audience, he decided to bring them out as audio books.The first title released was 'Arthamulla Indhu Matham' (Insight into Hinduism) in the voice of the poet. That was a year ago, and the response it received prompted Murali to come up with more audio books.\"We sold about 3,000 copies. We got a lot of enquiries from people who wanted only the audio version,\" says Murali, director of the Tamil publishing house Kannadhasan Pathippagam.\"We also brought out Kannadhasan's 'Ponmazhai', which is the 'kanakathara sthothram' sung by the Bombay Sisters.\"Since then, his publishing house has released six other titles. \"We were selling audio books on cassettes from 1985, but the demand slowly died. Now, there has been a resurgence,\" says Murali. Like Murali, a few Tamil publishers have been reporting a growing market for audio books. The reasons are varied.\"Many youngsters in metros cannot read Tamil though they can understand and speak the language,\" says Harihara Prasanna, manager, marketing, Kizhakku Pathippagam. They have brought out 104 audio books in the last five years.\"Since most people lead hectic lives and have no time to settle down with a book, they prefer to listen to a book while driving to work,\" says Murali. \"These books also cater to visually impaired people.\"While publishers bring out fiction as well as non-fiction, it's biographies, autobiographies and books on health that are popular. The first one Kizhakku Pathippagam brought out was the biography of Dhirubhai Ambani . \"We sold 30,000 copies of the print version and 3,000 copies of the audio book,\" says Prasanna.Creating audio versions is not easy. \"The voice and pronunciation have to be perfect and pleasing to the listener,\" says Murali. Voices are chosen based on the content.\"A religious audio book in the voice of a young person may not be accepted as our minds would relate better to the voice of an elderly person,\" says Murali.Kizhakku Pathippagam outsources the production of audio books, but stays fully involved. \"We go for recording sessions and ensure the quality of the final product,\" says Prasanna.The books are brought out on CDs or as MP3 files. \"You can play it on your computer, in your car, or even download the files onto your mobile phone and listen,\" he says.The price depends on the size of the book. \"A small book converted into an audio CD will cost more than a printed book, whereas a 600-page book on CD will cost less,\" says Murali. In book publishing, there are various costs involved and the cost of newsprint varies.\"For an audio book, if the content is too much, we switch to a DVD or add another CD. Only if the price of CDs increases, do we re-price,\" says Murali, adding that they are planning to bring them out on USB drives. At present, he's busy working on new titles. \"This year we expect to bring about 15 titles. Four titles are already out,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11817762", "title": "Art mela from Saturday", "text": "DHARWAD: The Rising Star Art and Cultural Academy will organize a state-level culture and art mela at Kadapa Maidan here on Saturday. MLA and former minister B Sriramulu will inaugurate the event.Veteran Kannada actor Bharathi Vishnuvardhan will be the chief guest at the valedictory ceremony to be held on Sunday.According to chairman of the academy Prakash Malligawad, various cultural and entertainment programmes, technical sessions, debate and discussion on art and cultural forms of rural areas which were on the verge of extinct will be held as part of the mela.A competition in folk dance and folk songs will be organized for the school and college students on the occasion and the winners will be honoured with the 'Star of Dharwad' title and cash prizes. More than 25,000 people are expected to take part in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817503", "title": "Bed crunch forces patients to share", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nita from Sector 44 shared her happiness and pain with a stranger, Barinder from Kurali. Both the women in labour pain had to make do with just one bed at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). With only 71 beds in the department and 200% bed occupancy, many like Nita adjust in the same bed with other patients. Even the maternity ward has a notice that reads, \"Kindly adjust, if need be\". While there is a bed crunch in this ward, over 100s of such old and some broken beds are lying in the hospitals store room since 2003. \"It sometimes got so uncomfortable to sleep like that especially after the delivery. Moreover, I could not take turn while on the bed,\" said Nita, who had a caesarian and had to share her bed with Barinder.On January 20, 2003, 315 beds were purchased in the hospital. Within the guarantee period 135 beds became defective and needed repair. The hospital authorities served notices to the firm which did not respond and a petition was also filed at the consumer court by the UT administration against the firm. \"These beds had been lying waste as it was subjudice. Now the court has directed to repair the beds and place them wherever required,\" said a senior official of GMCH, who declined to be named.In an irony of contrast, due to shortage of beds in the gynaecology department, patients are left with no choice but squeeze in with some other patients. \"We have been writing to the UT health department, but all in vain. 6 beds out of the 71 in the gynaecology cannot be used as there is a roof leakage above the area where these beds are placed,\" said Dr Anju Huria, head of the gynaecology department.Moreover, the beds in the ward are for delivery, septic cases, abortions and other gynae related surgery like removal of uterus. \"There are around 16 delivery cases daily and one third of these are caesarian who need at least three days hospitalization. Implying that 71 beds are insufficient as those who are already admitted cannot be asked to leave with daily addition of patients,\" said Dr Anju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11817454", "title": "Daredevil cops face wrath of rash drivers", "text": "PANCHKULA: Traffic policemen often signal vehicles to a stop at check points, but their daredevil acts of walking to the middle of a busy road to bring racing drivers to a halt, have often cost them dear.Several cops were injured in the past, some critical, when rashly-driven vehicles dragged them to a distance. In seven such incidents, cops had been critically wounded.According to information, a check point was set up near Surajpur, Panchkula, and policemen signaled a truck to stop but the driver hit the vehicle in the cops.Three-four policemen were injured and rushed to General Hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula, and hospitalized for about a fortnight.Resident of Sector 14, K K Kapoor said, \"A good number of barricades should be installed and cops should stand at a distance. They reach the middle of the roads to stop vehicles which causes such incidents.\"Garima Chauhan of Sector 16 said, \"It seems the cops have an ego problem in dealing with rash drivers. If they see a vehicle in no position to stop, they walk and stand on the road and are run over.\"Traffic inspector Ajay Disodia said, \"Everytime we set up a check point, some cop gets injured in road rage accidents. Drivers not only hit the policemen but drag them along. If a barricade is put in place, people simply hit it. People should realize that we are human beings working for the welfare of the people, not against them.\"The pastNovember 2010 | SHO Dalip Kumar, havildar Subhash and PCR driver Gurdeep Singh were seriously injured when a recklessly driven car deliberately ran into a check point. Dalip Kumar was hospitalized for a month with a fractured shoulderNovember 2011: Three traffic constables were critically injured when a car driver hit the barricades near Chandimandir, and then hit the cops. The driver was arrested and the cops were rushed to General Hospital, Sector 6, and hospitalized for around a monthDecember 2011: Truck driver Kamaldeen rammed barricades and hit three-four cops when he was stopped at a checkpoint near Surajpur. The driver was arrestedDecember 2011: Two traffic constables suffered multiple injuries when they were hit by a speeding SUV near ChandimandirJanuary 2012: Three drunken youths in a vehicle hit PCR vehicles injuring the cops near Shalimar Mall in Sector 5", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11817168", "title": "Siblings arrested for murdering relative", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district police have nabbed three siblings who strangled their relative to death at Thanneerupantha village of Punjalkatte in Belthangady taluk.The accused have been identified as JM Abdul Azeez, 24, his sisters Aseeda, 20 and Asfana, 19.Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal said the trio had murdered Khateejamma, 32 , wife of Abbas of Alikemane, at their residence in Thanneerupantha on January 9.\"Abbas had filed a complaint at Punjalkatte police station on January 9 stating that his wife is missing. Meanwhile, decomposed body of a woman was traced near Gundya - Subrahmanya road at Amaithadka of Kombaru village in Puttur taluk on January 31. Since Abbas and other relatives identified Khateejamma's body, we converted the missing case into murder case,\" he said.Police during investigation found the car belonged to Azeez was near Abbas's house on the day Khateejamma went missing. Later, it was found that Khateejamma was murdered by Azeez and his sisters on January 9, the SP said.\"After strangling Khateejamma to death, the accused tied her hands and legs. Later, Azeez took the body in his car and dumped it in a drainage at Amaithadka,\" he added.While the court remanded Aseeda and Asfana to judicial custody, Azeez was sent to police custody for further inquiry. Policemen, who were part of the operation, will be given Rs 2,500 each as reward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817387", "title": "She posed as PA to Mamata, ministers to dupe hoteliers", "text": "NEW DELHI: One Seema Malhotra of Vasant Kunj was arrested on Tuesday for posing as PA to West Bengal CM Mamta Banerjee and railway minister Dinesh Trivedi .Seema was left without any means of subsistence after her husband was arrested in a cheating case two years ago. It was then that she took to crime. She tricked several hoteliers of central Delhi. She would promise them plum service contracts with the IRCTC and luxury trains under Indian Railways and take money from them to facilitate the contracts.Cops had been looking for her for three months ever since she duped a trader of Rs 8.25 lakh. \"Abhayjeet Singh Kalra, who owns a prominent bakery shop in Karol Bagh, complained that Seema had visited his mother's cloth store and introduced herself as PA to the railway minister in August 2010. She then started visiting the shop to buy clothes and soon became friendly with the family. One day, Seema requested him to pack some food for the minister; the day after, she informed him that the minister had praised the food. She even passed on the phone to another woman, who said she was the railway minister (Mamta Banerjee). Seema later informed him about a new project of the Indian Railways - 'The Rajasthan Royals Express' - and encouraged him to apply for the catering contract. She convinced him to invest by telling him that the contract value was Rs 23 crore and that she could help him get it. She added that he would get 30% of the amount - Rs 7 crore - as advance,\" said Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (Central).Kalra also gave her a quotation of rates to be submitted to the Railway Ministry. Later, the accused told him that the rates had been approved. Subsequently, she took a pay order of Rs 5.5 lakh as part fee of the tender in favour of one RB alias Madhu Singh (absconding). She told him that RB stands for Railway Board and that Madhu Singh was a senior railway official in charge of finance. The next day, she gave him a receipt of Northern Railway, showing a deposit of the paid amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815820", "title": "Mechanic alleges assault by constables", "text": "MUMBAI: A mechanic from Dharavi has alleged that four constables from Dharavi police station assaulted his son and him on Wednesday morning after he refused to give them hafta.Jayaraja Nadar said he works as a scooter mechanic in a rented shop on a street corner in Dharavi. \"These constables regularly come and demand money from us. They say they will close down our shop in case we don't pay up. Usually they come in the evening, but on Wednesday, they came early in the morning, even before business started. So I told them I would not be able to pay the many thing,\" said Nadar.The refusal allegedly infuriated the cops, who barged into his shop, roughed up his teenaged son and then beat him up. They then dragged him to the police station and didn't release him till his son brought some neighbours to request the police to let him off. \"They asked me to apologize if I wanted to go home,\" said Nadar.On being released, Nadar approached two advocates in his area, Priscilla Nadar and Sonali Samuel. They decided to approach the joint commissioner of police (crime), Himanshu Roy, for help. \"We met Roy and he was sympathetic. He called up the Dharavi senior police inspector and asked him to meet us and take my complaint,\" said the mechanic.Jayaraja met inspector Ashok Survegandh on Tuesday evening and attempted to file a written complaint against the constables. According to Jayaraja, the police tried to convince him to drop the complaint. Samuel said that a crowd of nearly 200 people had gathered outside the police station to get the cops to file the complaint.\"He has given us a statement and we shall conduct a probe into the matter. However, there is a criminal case against this man as he was running a commercial enterprise on the road. We have filed a case for public indecency and misbehaving in a rented place against him. Further investigations will be conducted to assess the guilt of both parties,\" Survegandh said.Mumbai: A mechanic from Dharavi, Jayaraja Nadar, has alleged that four constables from the Dharavi police station beat his son and him up on Wednesday morning after he refused to give them hafta.Nadar claims he works as a scooter mechanic in a rented shop on a street corner in Dharavi. \"These constables regularly come and demand money from us. They tell us they will close down our shop in case we don't pay up. Usually they come in the evening but today they came early in the morning before business even started. So I told them I would not be able to pay them anything,\" said Nadar.This refusal allegedly infuriated the constables who then barged into his shop, roughed up his teenage son and then beat him up. They then dragged him to the police station and didn't release him till his son brought some neighbors to request the police to let him off. \"They asked me to apologize if I wanted to go home,\" said Nadar.On being released, Nadar approached two advocates who work in the area. Priscilla Nadar and Sonali Samuel heard his story and decided to approach Joint Commissioner of Police (Crime), Himanshu Roy, to ask for his help. \"We met Roy and he was very sympathetic. He called up the Senior police inspector of Dharavi and asked him to meet us and take my complaint,\" said Jayaraja.Jayaraja met Inspector Ashok Survegandh on Tuesday evening and attempted to file a written complaint against the constables. However, the police were trying to convince him to drop the complaint and settle the matter. The lawyer, Sonali Samuel, said that the accused was resisting and a crowd of nearly 200 people had gathered outside the police station to get the cops to file the complaint.\"He has given us a statement and we shall conduct a probe into the matter. However, there is a criminal case against this man himself as he was running a commercial enterprise on the road. We have filed a case for public indecency and misbehaving in a rented place against him. Further investigations will be conducted to assess the guilt of both parties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817517", "title": "HC summons record of investigations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Coming down heavily on the Haryana police for going slow in taking action against those involved in largescale violence that broke out in Hisar district of Haryana during the agitation in support of reservation by the Jat community that had started on Sept 13, 2010, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday summoned the entire record pertaining to investigations in the matter.Thirty nine FIRs have been registered by the Hisar police against those allegedly involved in the incident.When the matter came up for hearing before the division bench headed by Justice M M Kumar, DSP Dinesh Kumar of the Haryana police informed the court that they have constituted special teams for identification of miscreants named in two FIRs. Apparently miffed over the response, the bench observed that what was the purpose of having special teams for identification of accused in just two FIRS, why not a team for identifying accused named in all the 39 FIRs? The court observed that the police investigations, seem to be an eyewash and an attempt to divert the investigation from the main issue. As the DSP could not respond to this, the bench directed him to produce the case diaries pertaining to the investigation in all the 39 cases.Now the case would come up for further hearing on February 27.The matter had reached before the Punjab and Haryana high court in the wake of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an NGO seeking directions for strict action against those involved in damaging public as well as private property during the Jat agitation.A stir held by the Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti that started on September 13, 2010 seeking reservation in government jobs under the OBC quota had witnessed widespread violence and loss to private and public properties running into crores of rupees. The mob had also blocked the national highway for several days, damaged government vehicles, rail tracks, government and private buildings besides other institutions, causing huge losses.Following the intervention of the HC, the Hisar district police had registered 39 cases under various sections of the IPC, Arms Act and Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act. It has been stated, out of these 39 cases, challans have been filed in 29 cases against 150 accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11811385", "title": "Valentine's Day: Couples planning big for the day", "text": "PATNA: With the Valentine's Day , dedicated to lovers across the world, approaching, couples in the city have been hit by Cupid's arrow. While some plan to express their love with roses and chocolates, some others have decided to either exchange rings or throw reception parties of their wedding on February14.Unlike previous years, V-Day is not being considered an auspicious 'muhurat' for marriage ceremony this year. But many couples are throwing their reception parties on this day.Mahesh, who is getting married on February 25, said, \"I met my girlfriend five years ago and soon our friendship turned into love. Recently, we decided to settle down. We wanted to get married on V-Day, but our priest said that February 25 was an auspicious date to get married. So, after much debate we decided to exchange rings on V-Day and make it memorable for life.\"Most of the city's hotels, community halls, clubs and banquet halls are booked for V-Day. Priests and beauty parlours are also booked. Caterers are busy preparing for this day as a large number of couples are set to throw engagement or reception parties on February 14.Two posh city hotels - Hotel Maurya and Chanakya - are booked for ring ceremony on V-Day, while New Patna Club and Bankipore Club are reserved for the reception parties of couples getting married in the next couple of days. \"These couples have asked for lots of red roses to adorn the occasion and make it special not only for them but also for guests,\" said Rajiv Kumar, banquet sales executive, Hotel Maurya.Similarly, Shagun banquet at Dak Bungalow road and Amrapali banquet at Beer Chand Patel Marg are also booked for engagement parties on V-Day.Pundit Bhavnath Jha of Mahavir Mandir, quoting Mithila calendar said there was no auspicious 'muhurat' for wedding on February 14. Still, some couples have decided to marry on V-Day. One Bhanu Kumar said, \"What better day could I have picked than this day? It is a day for lovers, and I wanted to do something we would always be able to remember.\"\"My grand parents were very concerned about the 'muhurat', but I convinced them as I wanted to make it memorable for myself and my fiancee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11817689", "title": "Hemadpanthi temple found in Roha", "text": "Bhandara: A 13th century Hemadpanthi temple of the Yadava dynasty has been found at Roha village in Mohali taluka. The district already has three Hemadpanti temples. The newly discovered temple is in a dilapidated condition and victim of negligence by villagers and government.Vainganga Shodh Yatra, a joint venture of Gomukh Trust, Pune, Bhandara Nature and Culture Study Council and Vidarbha Pani Pariwar covered 250km from Mundara, the source of Vainganga in MP to Ashti in Maharashtra from January 9 to 16. The idea behind conducting survey was study of social, economic cultural status of people, forest, fisheries, water bodies, historical sites and ancient temples along the route. Experts from various academic disciplines and archaeologists participated in the yatra.While passing through Roha, situated on the bank of Vainganga, the group halted to study various aspects of the village and came across a Hanuman temple on the outskirts. After seeing idols the team realized that it had discovered a lost treasure.There were idols of Lord Uma Maheshwar, Lord Ganesh, and serpent. They also found two headless idols which might be of Lord Ganesh. There was a wheel carved on stone (Amalak) which is always placed on top of temple and three broken idols kept outside temple, those were of Ganesh's elephants, known as Bhivasen.There is evidence about the ancient temple in the village. The small temple is built using carved pillars of ancient temple where the broken idol of a goddess was placed. This showed existence of Hemadpanthi temple.Dr Manohar Naranje, a student of archaeology in Bhandara and Gondia areas, said that there are three Hemadpanthi temples in the districts which are in good condition. They are at Korambi, Pinglayee and Gaimukh. Roha temple was built in the 13th century when the Yadava dynasty of Deogiri invaded Bhandara and Lanji in eastern Vidarbha, then known as Zadi Mandal. The Yadava dynasty ruled from 11th to 13th century and their mandarin in Zadi Mandal might have constructed Hemadpanthi temple, he said.Roha and its vicinity were home to many affluent families and hence magnificent temples were built. Britishers had identified three Hemadpanthi temples in the district which also have a mention in the Bhandara district gazetteer of 1908. But there is no mention of Roha Hemadpanthi temple. Three main idols and other relics will be preserved inside the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816397", "title": "Private enterprises told to declare holiday on Feb 16", "text": "PUNE: Industries, energy and labour department of the state government has issued a circular asking all private establishments including hotels , eateries, auditoriums, shops and industrial establishments to declare a full-pay holiday for their employees on February 16, which is polling day for Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.The department said that the order will not be applicable to those establishments which may suffer huge loss or significant harm because of absentee of employees on voting day. Such establishments can grant special leave of two hours to employees to exercise their franchise.The circular issued on February 6 is applicable within jurisdictions of as many as 10 municipal bodies. Owners of all private establishments should implement the instructions.An official from the office of Pune district labour commissioner said, \"Steps have been taken for effective implementation of the circular so that employees do not face any problems in exercising their voting right. Various employers' associations, owners' associations in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad have been intimated about a full-pay holiday for employees. There are about 3.50 lakh shops and commercial establishments in Pune district.\"A separate cell at the labour office will deal with cases pertaining to the election day proceedings. A similar cell was functional on Tuesday for Zilla Parishad and Panchayat Samiti elections. Some production units from the chemical, sugar and pharmaceutical that work round-the-clock can exempt the employees for a few hours to vote, an official added.The district administration has clarified that ration cards can be used as a proof of identity to vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817525", "title": "Congress 3rd list stuck in youth vs Muslim quota", "text": "PANAJI: Caught in a dilemma over accommodating a Muslim candidate for the March 3 assembly poll, Congress has been forced to delay the release of its third and final list of four candidates for the March 3 assembly poll. The party says the list will be out in the next two days.Congress is yet to finalize candidates in Fatorda, Mormugao, Sanvordem and Canacona constituencies. \"We are trying to give the best candidates in these four constituencies,\" Congress screening committee chairman and Union minister Oscar Fernandes said giving reasons for the delay in announcing the candidates.Speaking to media persons at Congress house in Panaji, Fernandes said, \"It will take another two to three days to finalize the candidates in these four constituencies.\"He added that giving tickets to minority community representatives and Youth Congress candidates is under consideration.Party sources said AICC general secretary and Youth Congress in charge Rahul Gandhi has directed Congress leaders to wait till February 9 to release the third Congress list while he decides which constituency should be allotted to a Muslim candidate.Sources said two constituencies-Fatorda and Mormugao-were set aside for the Youth Congress.Subsequently, local leaders opined that one seat had to be given to a Muslim candidate as there was a strong demand from the Muslim community.Accordingly, Fatorda was 'released' for a Muslim candidate and Mormugao for Youth Congress.Chief minister Digambar Kamat, however, convinced the high command to allot the Fatorda ticket to GPCC general secretary Vijay Sardesai fearing a tough campaign for himself in neighbouring Margao if Sardesai was denied the Congress ticket, sources said.The Congress high command now wants to accommodate a Muslim candidate in Mormugao but this move has been kept on hold by Rahul Gandhi after Youth Congress candidate Sankalp Amonkar raised the issue with him.Congress has already given tickets to five families-Naik, Madkaikar, Monserrate, Rane and Alemao. \"We have gone by the view of party workers; we have gone by the view of public and going by the demand and request and considering the 'winnability', Congress has given tickets to family members,\" Fernandes said.He added that Congress has worked out the strategy so that the party will get a majority in the state assembly.Replying to questions on the income tax assessment report in which education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate has been charged of receiving kickbacks from builders to convert land, Fernandes said he will study the issue.InsetSardinha to take party postPANAJI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi has approved the proposal to appoint South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha as working president of the Goa Pradesh Congress Committee, as state president Subhash Shirodkar will be busy campaigning to wrest the Shiroda seat from the BJP.She also approved the proposal to appoint speaker Pratapsingh Rane as chairman of the campaign committee for the ensuing Goa assembly election.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815597", "title": "6 of marriage party killed as truck falls into river", "text": "MUMBAI: Six persons, including three children and a teenager, were killed and 12 injured when a truck carrying a marriage party plunged 30ft into a river while crossing a bridge in Manor early on Wednesday.The man driving the truck, Sudam Bhoir, was among those critically injured. Sources said the victims were asleep when tragedy struck.The police said the accident occurred around 2.30am when a group of 28 men, women and children from Haloli village in Manor (Palghar taluka), around 80km from Mumbai, was returning home after attending a marriage reception at Jeevdanipada in Virar (E).Cops said as the truck was crossing Varai bridge on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad National Highway 8, the driver dozed off. The truck then swerved out of control and hit a wall of the bridge before plunging into the river below, said assistant inspector Vijay Powar.The police suspected that Sudam was drunk but said this could be confirmed only after the test results arrived.The deceased included Sudam's wife Sudha (35), daughter Jahnvi (3), Atul Bhoir (6), Ankita Bhoir (4), Harshala Bhoir (17) and Dayanand Bhoir (35). Dayanand's body was found several meters away from the accident spot as he was swept away.Asha Bhoir (40), Shinvar Bhoir (38), Jayshree Bhoir (32), Kashinath Daola (38) and Sudam were in critical condition. They were being treated at Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli. Both Asha and Shinvar were unaware of the death of their daughters, Harshala and Ankita. Jayshree, too, had been asking about her husband Dayanand's condition.Seven persons sustained minor injuries and were administered first-aid in local hospitals. The rescue work was hampered by the chilly and windy conditions that persisted through Wednesday. Those who survived managed to stay afloat till help arrived.The police later registered a case against Sudam under Sections 304(a), 279, 337, 338 of the IPC and Section 184 (driving dangerously) of the Motor Vehicles Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "11815343", "title": "Burglars make off with ATM containing Rs 40,000", "text": "ALWAR: In yet another case of uprooting and decamping with ATM, at least a dozen burglars barged into an ATM at Khairthal village in Alwar district on Wednesday and decamped with the machine containing nearly Rs 40,000.The incident took place during early hours when burglars equipped with metal cutters and other equipments barged into an ATM of Punjab National Bank , uprooted it and made off with it, police said.The incident came to the light at 12 noon when some customers informed the nearby police station about the missing machine.\"Preliminary investigation revealed neither any guard was deployed by the bank authorities nor were CCTV cameras installed in the ATM. No automatic alarm was in place, which is usually connected with the main server of the bank to inform them about tampering with the machine,\" a senior police officer said.Asked if the gang that was arrested in a similar case in 2011 in the Mansarovar area of Jaipur was behind it, the officer said, \"It could be possible as some of the accused who were locked in Jaipur Central Jail were bailed out some months after their arrest.\"The senior police authorities have constituted a team comprising of various circle inspectors to identify and nab the culprits. \"Since there is no CCTV footage available and the incident took place in an isolated area of the village, it is quite difficult to catch the culprits. We will definitely speak to Jaipur police who had solved a similar case last year,\" the officer added.It is noteworthy that on August 1, 2011 burglars had uprooted an ATM machine of ICICI bank from Aatish Market area in the Mansarovar locality in Jaipur. Police had later arrested the main accused and his accomplices and had also recovered the ATM machine from Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817894", "title": "AIMF nominates candidates for Saligao, Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: The national parliamentary board and election committee of the All India Minorities Front (AIMF) has finalized two more candidates for the March 3 assembly elections to be held in Goa.This decision was taken at a joint meeting held in New Delhi on Wednesday, which was chaired by AIMF's national president S M Asif.The meeting considered the opinion from general masses and finalized two more candidates for the ensuing elections to Goa assembly, states a press note issued by AIMF's general secretary Sanjay Tyagi.Anand Govind Tulaskar alias Babu has been nominated for the Saligao seat, while Ketan Bhatikar got the nod for Ponda.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816626", "title": "Court allows MSRTC to issue notice to Mane", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Wednesday granted permission to the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) to serve a suspension notice on rogue driver Santosh Mane (40) at the Yerawada central jail.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left eight dead and 32 injured.Speaking to TOI, MSRTC senior depot manager Vijay Diwate said the competent authority had placed Mane under suspension after receiving the first intimation report about the incident in the afternoon of January 25.However, Diwate said the suspension notice could not be served to Mane as he is in magisterial custody in Yerawada jail till February 18. He had earlier been sent to the regional mental hospital for observation. The notice was also displayed on the notice board of the Swargate bus terminus.The MSRTC filed a plea before judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More and obtained permission to serve the notice on Mane in jail. The notice will be served on Thursday, Diwate added.The regional mental hospital at Yerawada on February 6 had filed a report before the magisterial court on Monday, stating that their findings were not sufficient to prove any \"major psychiatric illness\" in Mane.The mental hospital's report states, \"Mane was kept under observation between January 28 and February 6, 2012. Following the serial mental status examinations conducted by a panel of psychiatrists, facts communicated by the ward staff and psychometric evaluation, in our opinion the findings are not sufficient to diagnose a major psychiatric illness at present.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817664", "title": "NADT plans to set up think-tank centre", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based National Academy of Direct Taxes (NADT), the alma mater of Indian Revenue Services (IRS) officers joining the income tax department, has mooted a proposal to set up an autonomous research institute on income tax. The proposal has been sent to the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), the governing body, which is examining the issue.Named National Direct Tax Research Institute, it is termed as the only body of its kind in the country which can provide think-tank services to the government on taxation matters. \"This is proposed to be an autonomous body with membership open even to experts from outside the department. So far there is no other full-fledged research body on direct taxes,\" NADT's director general GG Shukla told TOI.NADT has enough infrastructure like buildings and other study material. Therefore, hardly any expenditure will have to be incurred on the research institute. Approval is needed for setting up the institute which will have to be registered as a society, he said. There are several issues, like transfer pricing, mergers and takeovers such as Vodafone case, which may be studied. With bringing back black money from the Swiss banks being a key issue these days there are chances that the proposed institute can provide research inputs on the topic.A similar institute is there for Indian Administrative Service (IAS) and Indian Audit and Account Service cadres while one such body was set up for the Customs and Central Excise Department, said Shukla. The body is proposed to be run on self-sustaining basis so that government aid is least required, he said.Former president of Nagpur Chamber of Commerce Limited (NCCL) Kailash Jogani said that experts from the department and outside can get a brainstorming opportunity. He said that foreign experts should also be involved in the light of rampant money laundering taking place around the world. Tejindershing Renu of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association, a newly formed body, said if the institute allows participation of outsiders, then the research should also be largely based on pro-taxpayer issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11820683", "title": "Jumbo bench initiates contempt against Madras high court lawyers", "text": "CHENNAI: A jumbo bench of the Madras high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and six other senior judges had a special sitting on Thursday morning after a letter containing contemptuous allegations was received by the chief justice.Two advocates representing two clients in a criminal case kept on levelling allegations and asking every bench that their matter should not be heard by them. In the end, they lodged a perjury complaint against the registrar general and a quo warranto plea against the registrar general after her elevation as a judge of the high court.Making matters worse, they then wrote the letter listing 13 judges who should not hear the case, saying they won't get justice at their hands.When the seven-judge bench said prima facie contempt had been made out, the advocates tendered unconditional apology for their conduct. Rejecting their apology, the bench has asked the two advocates and their clients -- Vimala and her husband Andiappan -- to be present in court on February 23.Judges lamented the sorry conduct of a fraction of advocates in the Madras high court and said the glory of the court was going down. They said it amounted to direct interference with the administration of justice.All bar leaders too disapproved of the conduct, and wanted exemplary punishment to them. The matter has been posted to February 23 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816000", "title": "Code of conduct", "text": "Three ministers have paid the price for watching a video clip inside the House. The Karnataka legislature code of conduct for members is very strict.*Members should not use mobile phones inside the House. Though jammers have been installed which cut the signals, the handsets should not be used even to access any other information such as saved messages or other data.* Members should not read any book, newspaper or letter, except in connection with business of the House* Members should bow to the chair while entering or leaving the House and also when taking or leaving his/ her seat.* A member should not pass between the chair and any member who is speaking.* A member should not leave the Assembly when the speaker is addressing the assembly.* A member should maintain silence when not speaking in the assembly.* A member should not make running commentaries when speeches are being made in the House.* A member should not applaud when a stranger enters any of the galleries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11817106", "title": "Talent and work shapes future: President Patil", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Emphasizing the need for improvement of human resources, President Pratibha Devisingh Patil said on Wednesday, \"It is talent and work of the people that will shape future of the country and can make us a strong nation. Human beings stand at the centre of creative thinking, which can bring many changes of head and heart, material and spiritual.\"She added, \"Universities can help the nation in giving it economic vitality, scientific prowess. A good university must also strive to contribute to the richness of cultural and social aspects of human behaviour.\"She was the chief guest at Kurukshetra University's convocation on Wednesday where honorary degrees of doctor of law were awarded to prime minister of Mauritius , Navin Chandra Ramgoolam, and Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .Patil also emphasized the role of discipline in higher education and called upon educational institutions to introduce such programmes that brought people closer to social realities.Ramgoolam said he had no words to explain his delight at receiving the degree in the land of Bhagwad Gita.He added that he was proud of his grandfather who was of Indian origin and he himself felt like an Indian. Hooda dedicated his honorary degree to the people of the country. Haryana governor Jagannath Pahadia praised the role of people with Indian roots in Mauritius.Around 1,300 Phd, MPhil and postgraduate students received degrees at the convocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815643", "title": "Court revokes bail of branded girl\u2019s stepmom", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bandra court on Wednesday revoked the bail that was granted to the stepmother who had allegedly abused and branded a seven-year-girl from her husband's first marriage with hot spoons. The bail had been granted on February 2, but the court gave the order to rearrest the accused Aarti Thakur (24) after it went through the victim's medical examination report, which was submitted by the Dharavi police on Wednesday. The medical report confirmed that the victim had been assaulted with rolling pins and branded with hot spoons all over her body including her private parts.The horrific tale of the abuse-the girl was often gagged while being tortured-had evoked the ire of child welfare activists, and the police rearrested Thakur minutes after they received he court order.Thakur who has two girls with the victim's father lives at PMGP colony in Shatabdi Nagar, Dharavi. She has been remanded in police custody till February 13, and has been booked under Sections 324 (causing hurt by dangerous weapons), 326 (causes grievous hurt by means of any instrument for shooting, stabbing or cutting, or any instrument which, used as a weapon of offence, is likely to cause death, or by means of fire or any heated substance) under the IPC and the Juvenile Justice Act.\"The medical report showed that the victim had two grievous injuries and several smaller ones as well as blisters all over her body,\" DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI. \"The girl had sustained a fracture on the middle-finger of her left hand. Her face too was disfigured because she had been branded with hot spoons; there are injuries on her lips as well.\" The girl was brought to Mumbai from Bihar on the pretext of admitting her into a school, but was put to work at home.\"If required, we will also make the accused undergo a psychiatric evaluation,\" said Kulkarni.In the FIR, the victim said her stepmother used to treat her properly in the presence of her father. Investigators said the girl allegedly complained to her father only once during the two months she was tortured fearing that complaints would exacerbate the situation.Police officials said the girl's grandparents have reached Mumbai, but they have not been seen at Sion Hospital, where the girl is being treated. \"We are trying to locate them,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816649", "title": "Madurai farmers allege malpractices in direct procurement centres", "text": "MADURAI: The rot in the paddy procurement process by the state government appears to have run deep.Bribing officials at the direct procurement centres (DPC) is nothing new for the farmers. But this year, it has turned out to be frustrating, as the farmers were hoping for a transformation in the attitude of the officials after the change of the government that swept the elections promising a corruption-free rule. Worse, farmers allege that it is in fact local politicians who fleece them most.\"For every 40 kg, which is called 'chippam', a farmer has to provide Rs 17 to Rs 32 to a person sitting in front of the DPC, who is not an employee of the TNCSC (Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation). We should pay him soon after receiving payment from DPC staff for the paddy we provide them. If we fail to pay him once, the next time the TNCSC staff will tend to reject our harvest saying that the moisture content is more,\" V Rajamanickam, a farmer from Vellaripatti said.\"The officials will give priority to the farmers who are ready to bribe them while making others to wait. They will also collect money telling us that it was meant for establishing the centres,\" claimed one farmer.As many as 30 procurement centres have been established by TNCSC in the district and another 18 by cooperatives department. Twelve more DPCs by TNCSC and another 24 from cooperatives department has been planned, based on the request by the farmers.The department of agriculture has estimated that 51,748 hectares of area is set for harvest in the district with 2,62,400 metric tonnes yield fixed as the target for this samba season, the officials said.\"A portion of money goes for workers and the other to politicians, as well as officials. Besides, the villages that host the centres will collect a small portion for their own purposes like festivals,\" alleged K Devaraj, president of Madurai Farmers Association.\"When I questioned such kind of malpractice in Kallanthiri procurement centre, the local politicians harassed me with verbal abuses,\" Rajamanickam said. \"While farmers get Rs 1,130 to Rs 1,180 per quintal, they have to pay Rs 35 to Rs 50 per quintal as the unaccounted charges,\" he added.However, a senior official from TNCSC flatly denied that farmers were charged in excess. \"We have told the farmers that the procurement prices fixed by the government will be given to them. There is no need for them to pay any money that is not accounted for. I can confidently say that TNCSC officials are not involved in any malpractices,\" said P Babu, general manager, TNCSC, Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817636", "title": "Mighty men\u2019s bid to short-circuit raid on power stealer fails", "text": "CHENNAI: A TNEB vigilance squad that went to penalize a private company on Tuesday after it was found that the firm was stealing power said it found it tough to enforce the penalty. Several bureaucrats and politicians tried to prevent them against acting, members of the squad said.When the vigilance squad officials told the owner of the company, on Royapettah High Road, to pay a fine of Rs 9.59 lakh, a senior AIADMK leader came and asked the officials to leave. The latter, however, stayed put until the company paid an installment of Rs 1.56 lakh. The rest was paid on Wednesday.Acting on a tip-off, the EB vigilance squad went to the company that supplies food to many leading outlets in the city. \"We found that the firm had obtained an EB connection under the small scale industry category but was using it for commercial purposes. Anyone caught stealing power is asked to pay what the EB is likely to lose in a year after the actual amount paid is deducted. In this case, the company was fined Rs 9.59 lakh,\" a member of the EB vigilance squad said.Then, he said, a senior AIADMK leader, who is a former MLA, rushed there and squatted on the premises. \"The former MLA asked us to leave the company without penalizing the owner. However, we informed the top EB officials about the incident and they gave us the permission to proceed with the case as per the law,\" another member of the vigilance squad said.Other officials said the company owner was reportedly close to many bureaucrats in the state and at least 10 IAS and IPS officers were on the phone, asking the members of the squad not to act against the company. The latter, however, asked the company to pay an initial fine of Rs 1.56 lakh immediately.On Wednesday, officials of the firm paid the remaining Rs 8.03 lakh at the TNEB's central office on Anna Salai, an EB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11817685", "title": "Two arrested for reporter's murder", "text": "GONDIA: Rawanwadi police have arrested two persons for the murder of a reporter of Rawanwadi village on Monday. The accused have confessed to the crime, according to police sources.Shreeram Hattimare (48) and Ramesh Bhurya Lanjewar (33), from Rawanwadi village were in the business of illicit liquor. Yewale was a press reporter and agent for a local Hindi daily. According to statement given by the duo, Yewale has been harassing them for money which led them to commit murder.According to police sources, Shriram called up Yewale to meet him on Sunday. Once he met them, the duo took him to a petrol pump near Sawari village and then to a dry canal near village Bhadutola.They had some dispute over money transaction between them and they attacked Vinod by the axe and killed him. Then they threw his body into the canal which was discovered by the villagers on Monday morning.The police also found a two wheeler and a weapon. The duo has been remanded to the police custody. PSI Suryawanshi of Rawanwadi police station is investigating further in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820259", "title": "Debate over Morgan Freeman\u2019s marriage decision", "text": "Morgan Freeman's reported decision to marry his step-granddaughter hasn't gone down well with many.Morgan Freeman , an actor par excellence, whose paternal voice commanded the loyalty of millions of fans the world over, fell from grace a few days ago. Reports of the 72-year-old thespian's intention to marry to his step-granddaughter, who is all of 27-years-old, some strange coincidence at that, hasn't gone down too well with the rest of the world. The online community hasn't been able to tape its mouth shut as nasty comments flew back forth accusing Morgan of being everything from a dirty old man and a freak of nature to several unmentionables.But leaving aside the fact that he's taken the Woody Allen route and dated someone who's 'almost family', a big question that rears its head is 'how old is too old'. To water it down to its bare essentials, is the age difference between a man and a woman a determinant of their happiness as a couple living together?Giving us her take on the age 'old' query is Smini Nair, an IT specialist and a new mother. She tells us, \"I have seen some great marriages where the age difference between the husband and wife is about 13-15 years. I also know of some wonderful couples where the wife is elder to the husband by about five to six years. You can't really say if a marriage would work or not, just due to the age factor. Their compatibility is purely dependent on the type of individuals they are and the dynamics they share, in terms of wavelength and personal preferences.\" She adds, \"As far as I am concerned, one of the pertinent issues arising from a huge age gap is that one half of the couple ages faster than the other. So the need for childbearing and other such expectations has to be addressed beforehand.\"Others are of the opinion that a greater age difference entails a certain sense of disconnect from one's spouse, owing to dissimilar interests. Mihir R, an independent web professional explains, \"It's not rocket science - if your spouse was born in the age of the colour TV and you happened to be birthed out right before the advent of the tablet PC, chances are you won't have much to talk about. Nobody wants to end up like one of those couples who spends time staring at their bedroom ceilings not having anything to talk about on a perfectly romantic evening. There should be at least one thing that binds you as a duo like a common interest or a character trait.\"And what do experts have to say about this debate? Is age just another number? Chackochen Mathai, a marriage counsellor from the city, prefers to diss the examples set by folks like Hugh Hefner and Kim Kardashian as he explains, \"For a relationship to work, it is love and respect that matters the most. The way one individual treats the other defines their happiness more than anything else.\" So it looks like the Eagles were right after all, when they sang - When we're hungry, love will keep us alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11816953", "title": "Two men from Bengal held with fake currencies", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after three persons were arrested with counterfeit currencies worth Rs 2.70 lakh, police have foiled another attempt to circulate fake currencies in the city by arresting two men from West Bengal and seizing fake notes worth Rs 29,500.Following a tip-off, a CB-CID team from Coimbatore nabbed the two culprits from the Central Bus Stand at Gandhipuram. There were 59 fake currencies in the denomination of Rs 500.Police have also seized original currency notes worth Rs 27,000 from them. The arrested are identified as M Lal Mohammed (45) of Enthapur Village near Jadupur in Malda district of West Bengal and T Mohammed Siddique (25) of Kaviadoba village in the same district.According to CB-CID inspector K Krishnamurthy, there are reasons to suspect the seized fake currencies had came from the government presses in Pakistan . \"Normally, counterfeit currencies are made by making a colour copy of the original. It is easy to distinguish between the original and the fake. But in the case of these fake notes, even the silver foil looks original and it would be very difficult for lay persons to identify these fake currencies,'' he said.\"Thanks to the tip-off and our own expertise, we were able to identify that they were fake currencies,\" he added. The arrested have confessed that they had already circulated some fake currencies in Tirupur and were attempting to sell the remaining currencies in Coimbatore. According to Siddique and Mohammed, they got the currencies from one Abdul Raheem and Sadanul Sheikh from Malda district. These two men were arrested from Tirupur in 2010 for attempting to circulate counterfeit currencies. Siddique and Mohammed were in Tirupur last week to help their friends complete some bail procedures. The duo came to Coimbatore after packing their friends off to their native place. Even the train tickets were purchased using fake currencies.Meanwhile, police have intensified measures to retrieve fake currencies distributed by the three men who were arrested on Tuesday. The counterfeit currency racket was operated from Udumalpet near Palani and the fake currencies were circulated in Sathyamangalam and Erode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817936", "title": "Fight over liquor claims a life", "text": "KANPUR: An argument over sharing of liquor resulted in death of a 50-year-old man. Meghnad was stabbed by three accomplices on Tuesday night. The accused have been identified as Raju, Manoj and Surendra. They were booked by the police.Meghnath was a resident of Jhapatwapurwa in Billhaur. He was stabbed several times in his stomach and thighs in front of a liquor shop near Nanamau, said a police official.Elsewhere, a 50-year-old man was strangled to death by unidentified miscreants at Akbarpur Sen Baldeo Ashram, falling under the jurisdiction of Billahur police on Tuesday night.The man was identified as Nar Singh Pal, a resident of Rasoolpur. Other members of the ashram spotted his body and informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816407", "title": "NCP reschedules Pawar roadshow", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is planning to reschedule the roadshow of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar as he had to leave for Mumbai.\"A couple of roadshows have been planned in the city on Wednesday. But Pawar had to leave early because he wanted to attend a programme in Mumbai,\" NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade said.\"We are thinking of rescheduling one of the roadshows. If time permits we will organize it on Friday,\" he added.Pawar's roadshow was supposed to start from Patrakar Bhavan in Navi Peth and conclude at Dagadusheth Halwai Ganapati temple. As Pawar left the show halfway, the candidates and local NCP leaders organized a march in the area.Earlier, Pawar staged a roadshow in Shivajinagar assembly constituency and covered 10 wards. This show started at 9.30am and ended around 1 pm. Another roadshow will be organized in Vadgaon Sheri assembly constituency on Thursday. It will start from Parnkuti at 11.30am, Kakade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11815944", "title": "Rains no hurdle for Gonda voters", "text": "A vote for change, or a result of Team Anna's three public meetings and house-to-house campaigns in Gonda city, whatever may be the reason, the voter turnout in sub-urban of the district was high right from the word go. Even the intermittent rains and polling stations inundated in rain water, could not hold them back from exercising their franchise. The trend was noticeably high in Muslim dominated pockets of Colonelganj and Gonda (city) assembly constituencies.In the city areas, the voter turnout picked up by 1 pm and continued till 5 pm. \"We initially waited till lunch then decided to come out as there was no point waiting for the rains to stop. And look at the co-incidence, the moment we walked out of the polling station after casting our vote, the rain stopped,\" said Sushil Singh, a general store owner of Balpur area of the city. The district had recorded just 42% polling in 2007 and by registering 60% turnout by 5 pm on Wednesday Gonda people showed their willingness to change.The increase in percentage was a much welcomed development for all the politcal parties and their candidates in fray from the seven assembly constituencies of Gaura, Gonda, Colonelganj, Mehnaun, Tarabganj, Mankapur and Katra Bazar. And so were the supporters of Kunwar Anand Singh. At 84, he is the oldest candidate in UP elections this time. A four times MP, Singh had agreed to contest the elections this time on the personal request of Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816677", "title": "Religious structures in govt places, HC notice to state", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench here on Wednesday has directed the state government to file its counter on a petition seeking to implement a government order (GO) banning new structures for religious worship or prayer, within the government office premises.Filing a public interest litigation in the bench, Ko Vetrivendan of Vellamadam in Kanyakumari district sought to remove the idols of Vinayaga, installed in the TNEB office, Vadaseri in Nagercoil and in the office of the junior engineer (distribution), Marthandam.He contended that as per the constitution, the country is a secular state, meaning that in matter of religion, it is neutral. The state can have no religion of its own. It should treat all religions equal in the eyes of law. The state does not identify with any particular form of religion.\"Our secular government will not show any discrimination based on religion and it will not follow any principles of a particular religion, but it is disappointing to find religious worship conducted in the said government offices,\" added the petitioner.The petitioner said that he made a representation to the authorities last year over the installation of the idols, but till date, no action was taken.The petitioner categorically said the secretary of personnel and administrative reform department has already issued a GO in 1993 directing that the \"head of department, district collector, head of office shall ensure that no construction of any new structure for religious worship or prayer within the office campus or enlargement or modification of any existing structure for similar purpose is permitted.\" It is the responsibility of the state to ensure that such prohibition made under the said GO is implemented in letter and spirit, he contended.Vetrivendan further added that the authorities are duty bound to take all necessary steps to implement the specific directions issued in the said GO. The inaction of the part of the authorities is against law and illegal.When the matter came up for hearing before Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah, the government advocate K Selvakumar said the petitioner is not really aggrieved and being an atheist, he has not come forward to file the PIL with a clear public interest, but purely private.After hearing, the judges directed the government advocate to file a counter-affidavit in this regard within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817480", "title": "Smokers prone to lung deterioration", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you smoke and remain in the basement most of the time, or near an area with compost materials, there are more chances of lung deterioration following Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disorder (COPD). There exists a fungus that can worsen the condition of patients suffering from COPD .The relation of smoking with fungus has been established for the first time in medical literature by a PGI doctor. The fungus is commonly found in the basement, dust, compost and on decayed food. For this outstanding work, Dr Ritesh Agarwal of the department of pulmonary medicine has been awarded by the National Academy of Sciences of India (NASI). Scopus Young Scientist Award has been given to him.Fungus Aspergillus destroys lining of lungs thereby hindering the passage of air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820258", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah to stage Bernard Shaw\u2019s play", "text": "In town to showcase 'Arms and the Man', Naseeruddin Shah tells TOI how Shaw's play is relevant even todayAur koi sawaal nahi hai to chaliye main hi play ke baare mein bata deta hoon ,\" joked Naseeruddin Shah while addressing the substantial crowd of mediapersons that had gathered at a city hotel.The veteran actor was in town to stage George Bernard Shaw's \"Arms and the Man\" where he, along with his wife Ratna Pathak Shah play the heroine Raina's parents, Major Petkoff and Catherine. Naseeruddin has also directed the play.\"The play is still as charming as it was when I saw it for the first time. I was 10 years old then. It is delightfully profound. It is an observation on the nature of a soldier and valour. When you read the script, it feels as if Bernard Shaw is pulling our leg. As is a mark of great writing, it is still as relevant as it was 100 years ago.\"We asked the veteran actor if he has reinterpreted parts of the play. \"I am not in the favour of improvisation of such great work and that is why I have not tampered with the play,\" he said. We also spotted Shivani Tanksale, who played Naseer's wife in \"The Dirty Picture\" at the event.The actor said that there was a time when he had played the role of Captain Bluntschli. \"If Naseer had his way, he would play all the roles in the play, which he has been performing since he was in college,\" said Ratna, adding that this was the first time that she would be playing the mother of a daughter in a play.\"I have only played mother to boys. The mother-daughter relationship is special because it has a lot of affection. This play is fun because their is no soul-searching involved. Like parents hand over old clothes or jewellery to their children, we hand over roles. So, the roles that had earlier been played by Naseer, have been portrayed by Imaad and now Vivaan is doing juystice to them,\" said Ratna.Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11814755", "title": "Vizag jeweler kidnapped in Bangalore", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A Vizag-based jeweler was allegedly kidnapped at Bangalore airport when he was on his way to catch a flight to Mumbai on Tuesday night.Grandhi Manoj Kumar, owner of Vaibhav Jewellers and a clothes mart, was reportedly whisked away by unidentified persons from the Bangalore airport. At the time of the kidnap, Manoj Kumar was carrying more than Rs 3 crore worth diamonds and gold ornaments with him. A case was filed in Bangalore South-East police station limits. \"We have sent two teams to trace him,\" DCP Ravikanth Gowda said.Manoj had gone to Bangalore on Monday to purchase gold and diamonds. His family members and business partners lost contact with him from Tuesday evening. Sources said a bodyguard accompanies him whenever he goes for major purchases. On this trip, however, he had not taken any bodyguard.Clothes mall representative Raghunath informed that the Karnataka police have got the video footage of Manoj at the airport. \"We lost contact with him from Tuesday evening. The two mobiles that he carries were switched off,\" he said. Worried relatives and friends approached police here, while his wife rushed to Bangalore from Chennai.Hailing from Eluru in West Godavari, Manoj settled down in the port city a decade ago after expanding his business. Along with clothes merchant Kankatala Mallik, he set up V Square clothes mall in the city four years ago. Both the merchants are said to be close to the son-in-law of former chief minister K Rosaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820468", "title": "Lust is transient, Love is ever evolving: Randeep Hooda", "text": "The critical acclaim of his performance in \" Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai\" and \"Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster\" ushered in an interesting phase in Randeep Hooda's life.His \"Jannat 2\" is up for release and the actor is happy with the work he has done for Vishram Sawant's underworld movie titled \"Shooter\". Then, of course, there is Madhur Bhandarkar's \"Heroine\" where he is essaying the role of a playboy cricketer and an interesting guest appearance in \"Cocktail\" starring Saif Ali Khan and Deepika Padukone. Though he isn't playing a gigolo in Satish Kaushik's movie, the big news is that he has been signed on to play one of the leads in Pooja Bhatt's \" Jism 2\" starring Sunny Leone.Ask Randeep about what attracted him to \"Jism 2\" and he says, \"There is a lot of beauty in the role. I had some other notion when I went to hear it but once Pooja Bhatt's narration was over, I was really excited. I have heard of Sunny but what prompted me to take up this film was the role and the script. As for \"Jism\", I have watched it once and quite liked the film. It is a sensual movie about a story that is larger than life. What also attracted me to it is the thrilling pace at which it unfolds.\"Being directed by a woman filmmaker is an advantage in case of \"Jism 2\", especially since Randeep feels she is someone who has a unique way of dealing with sensuality. \"Pooja comes across as a very nice person and I am confident there will be a symbiosis in terms of tastes. It's good to know that she has liked my performance in \"Jannat 2\". I acted in it with utmost truthfulness and didn't respond to it as a generic character. In fact, I've tried to do that for \"SBAG\" too and I'm glad people have liked my work there. In Vishram's film, the experience has been interesting. I have worked with him in \"D\" and \"Risk\" before. I was supposed to go bald for this movie but since my schedule clashed with that of \"Heroine\", I had to temporarily abandon the idea,\" he says.So, how will he handle talks about acting in \"Jism 2\" alongside Arunoday Singh - the actor whom he replaced in \"Heroine\"? \"I have not watched his movie but I don't indulge in such feelings and I am hoping that he won't either,\" he insists.Tell Randeep that his character in the film has been described by Pooja as one which has a lot of dark silences and he says, \"There is a lot of silences in me and I feel that silence is often better than spoken words. That's what I happened very relatable to my character.\"Having had his share of experience on love street and his affinity towards the silent spaces residing in between words, has he ever felt phrases losing their meaning? \"When we are younger, we say a lot of things without often believing in them. The thoughts within you are much more important and so often, one can't completely describe what one feels. As we grow older, we realize that there is more to love than what is expressed in the conventional sense of the terms.\"Though the rumours have long been doing the rounds about he seeing actor Neetu Chandra , Randeep isn't keen on talking his personal life. The duo have made several appearances together after the success party of \"SBAG\" but the actor would rather not talk about his love life in public. His friends say he has admitted that \"one has been with a lot of women and one knows when it is different\". But when in the public glare, Randeep would rather be known for his work than flaunt the identity of being someone's boyfriend and talk about his relationship.With Valentine's Day round the corner, will the occasion have any special relevance in his life? \"Be it Valentine's Day, Father's Day or Mother's Day, I feel all days reminders of some feelings. February 14 doesn't hold any special relevance for me.\"Finally, what's his definition of love and lust in today's times of crumbing relationships? \"Love is a strange emotion. It is ever evolving. Lust is transient. With time, one realizes that love and togetherness are two different things. Very few people are lucky enough to experience the two emotions simultaneously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817264", "title": "Kathak to art-connect city with Islamabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Art transcends boundaries, they say. And indeed, in a true attempt of cultural assimilation Kadamb School of Dance and Music is taking Indian classical dance to Pakistan . Kadamb is invited to perform by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR), Government of India at Islamabad.Kadamb's 11 senior artistes are to perform in a dance ensemble having four choreographies especially planned by renowned kathak dancer and choreographer Padma Bhushan Kumudini Lakhia. Lakhia said, \"Kadamb is honoured to have been invited to represent India. We are to recreate the classical patterns of kathak form and have not planned to incorporate modern fusions into this performance.\"At this austerely classical performance, noted senior kathak dancers Vaishali Trivedi, Prashant Shah and Sanjukta Sinha, who have won global acclaim, will perform.\"The artistes will dress in colourful Anarkali costumes for the performance. We are excited and are looking forward to perform in Islamabad ,\" said Lakhia.Lakhia, a pioneer in contemporary kathak dance and also the choreographer of the Bollywood movie, 'Umrao Jaan', is credited with adding contemporary storylines into kathak repertoire. She is particularly known for her multi-person choreographies. Some of her most famous choreographies include Dhabkar (Pulse), Yugal (The Duet), and Atah Kim (Where Now?), which she performed at the annual Kathak Mahotsav in Delhi in 1980.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11815523", "title": "UP dominated by mess, loot &amp; graft: Sonia", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday trained guns at the opposition parties and said in their 22 years they have brought misery, corruption and poverty in Uttar Pradesh.Addressing a largely public meeting at the Parade ground here, Sonia said, \"Dard hadd se guzar chuka hai aur bhrashtachar ki intaha ho chuki hai\" (the pain has crossed all limits and corruption has reached the highest level). \"She urged the voters that \"elections decide the fate of the state for five years and the time has come for ushering a change.\"Targeting the opposition parties, the Congress president asked how long will they befool the voters in the name of caste and religion. She also took a dig at the BJP-BSP alliance in 2002 which resulted in sharing of power for six months each.Striking a nostalgic note with the city, Sonia recalled: \"The city has a glorious past considering its role in the national movement.This is the land which symbolises the liberal culture of India and has no place for parochial thoughts and ideology.\"Launching a frontal assault on SP, BSP and BJP, Sonia drew a parallel between Allahabad that was 22 years back and now and said there has no development in any sphere. \"UP is now dominated by mess, loot and corruption, the Congress president said.Predicting a wave in favour of change, Sonia thundered: \"Parivartan ki leher hai kyunki dard bahut gehra hai aur is dard se jo aah nikalti hai wo sab kuch badal deti hai\".Promising to bring the Moon for the people of UP if they vote the Congress to power, Sonia said it is only the Congress-led UPA government which has always fulfilled all promises which it had made before voters, whether it was MNREGA or improved infrastructure under JNNURM. In addition, schemes like mid-day meal and Rajiv Gandhi Rural Electrification have turned out to be a milestone in country's development, she said. Sonia said there are no visible signs of proper utilisation of the Central funds in the state where a scheme like MNREGA has gone begging.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820200", "title": "Santosh Sivan's 52 minutes of reality!", "text": "Filmmaker Santosh Sivan takes a break from Thuppaki and will shoot a short film! Sanjith SidhardhanWe'd reported yesterday that director A R Murugadoss was planning to make a short film, considering that he couldn't shoot for his Thuppaki because of the ongoing tussle in Kollywood. Now, the cinematographer of the film - Santosh Sivan - too is planning to do something different too. He's decided to shoot a short film highlighting the sorry state of farmers in Alleppey.\"The 52-minute feature - A Portrait of a Kuttanad Farmer - celebrates the life of a farmer even as it addresses his hardships,\" says the filmmaker. However, Santosh says it may not be entirely right to call this feature a documentary. \"It is an interesting film that talks about how farmers fight with nature to produce the most essential commodity for mankind - food,\" he explains.\"I'm also planning a limited theatrical release for this film, as it would be interesting for people to know about agriculture and farmers. Ultimately, when you talk about issues such as global warming , these are the people who experience the effects first hand,\" he adds. The ace cinematographer's much-anticipated Ceylon is also currently underway and the Tamil release of the Prithviraj-starrer Urumi is also on the cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816731", "title": "Tribunal fines, issues notice to police commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT) on Tuesday ordered high-profile Pune police commissioner Meeran Borwankar to pay a Rs 25,000 fine within a week, and also initiated contempt proceedings against her for failure to implement the tribunal's directive to consider promoting a head constable to the post of assistant sub-inspector of police. This is the first time in the recent past that the MAT has taken a highranking IPS official to task.It has ordered Borwankar to deposit the Rs 25,000 fine from her own funds within a week. It has also issued a showcause notice to the commissioner for \"contempt of court for wilfully disobeying their order, which was given on November 23, 2011\". \"We direct the Pune police commissioner to immediately comply with our order... (she) shall also deposit a sum of Rs 25,000 in this court towards compensatory costs,\" MAT chairman Dr S Radhakrishnan and vice-chairman A P Sinha observed in the two-page order.Last year, while disposing of an application filed by head constable Laxman Rathod on November 23, the MAT had asked the Pune police commissioner and the member secretary of the Caste Certificate Scrutiny Committee to consider promoting him to ASI and not deny him the promotion solely on the grounds of non-availability of the caste validity certificate.It is \"astounding\" that despite the judgment of the HC and the ad-interim relief of our tribunal-the Pune police commissioner and the member secretary were directed to consider Rathod's case for promotion-no steps were taken by the police commissioner to date, said the order.Rathod, who joined the Pune police as constable in 1981, has been knocking at the doors of justice after he was denied a promotion on several occasions. In August 2010, the Pune commissioner had submitted Rathod's application for a caste validity certificate to the committee, which failed to take cognisance of it. On September 2, 2011, he was informed by Borwankar-in a circular issued by the general administration department-that unless he produced the certificate, he could not be considered for a promotion. Rathod invoked the RTI Act to find out why he had been overlooked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814761", "title": "TTD under pressure to rebuild mandapam", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Veyikaalla (1,000-pillar) mandapam row has come back to haunt the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD). Days after Tridandi Chinna Ramanuja Jeeyar Swami launched a vitriolic attack on TTD for not rebuilding the famous mandapam, the state archaeology department has written a strong letter to the temple board saying that the demolition of the structure was arbitrary and illegal and that it should be rebuild at all costs.Curiously, the archaeology wing itself woke up from its slumber and sent the missive to TTD in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an RTI activist seeking to know as to what action it has taken to rebuild the renowned mandapam. The 550-year-old structure was demolished in 2003.Several committees have been formed since then to study the feasibility of restoration of the structure but nothing concrete emerged. Former chief minister K Rosaiah had also pitched for its reconstruction in 2007 but the last word is not out yet on the mandapam works.Senior archaeology officials argued that rebuilding the mandapam is inevitable and all the 1,000 pillars should be reconstructed as per the original structure. The department pointed out that as per the Andhra Pradesh Ancient and Historical Monuments, Archaeological Remains Act of 1960 and amendment to the Act, structures and historical sites of more than 100 years old must be protected by government. The mandapam was built in 1464 by Saluva Malla Devaraya.Sources said TTD had told the archaeology officials some time back that it had entrusted the responsibility of rebuilding the mandapam to a private firm. The archaeology department, however, told TTD top brass that rebuilding works should be supervised and guided by it. \"But officials think that the TTD is a private entity and refuse to involve us in the rebuilding work,\" a senior archaeology official told TOI.He also pointed out that TTD had failed to document the dismantling of the mandapam and carry out proper recording of the materials and measurements. \"Had it been documented, rebuilding would have become easier,\" he said.Joining the issue, Ahobhilam Chinna Jeeyar Swami said the mandapam should be rebuilt in conformity with the Agama sastras. In fact, Tridandi Chinna Jeeyar based his argument on this premise saying that the mandapam's demolition had caused destruction in the state.However, both the temple board and Agama pandits brushed aside the arguments saying that its dismantling had no bearing on the temple affairs and rituals performed inside the temple. In fact, TTD used to perform some of the rituals in the mandapam.It was in 1975 TTD first came out with a master plan to shift the mandapam in view of the growing pilgrim rush and thought of accommodating the pilgrims in a street in front of the mandapam, which was congested. In 2003, the TTD board approved the proposal and demolished the famed mandapam the same year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817484", "title": "White coat can make BP shoot up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"White Coat Syndrome or the anxiety and stress caused in some people when meeting a doctor, can result in blood pressure getting elevated. Such persons should relax and wait in the reception area of a clinic/hospital for about half an hour before getting their blood pressure checked. Also, one should not start on medication just based on one or two readings. Instead, one should check blood pressure at different times during the day over a few days and then start on medication, if required, based on the consultation with a doctor.\" This was the advice given by Dr Yash Paul Sharma, head-cardiology, PGI, to members of Rotary Chandigarh Shivalik at a special session at a hotel in Industrial Area Chandigarh on Wednesday. Over 50 members of Rotary Chandigarh Shivalik, attended the session. Detailing the precautionary steps one should take to avoid heart diseases, Dr Sharma said, \"Regular exercise which could including walking for 30-45 minutes at least five days a week, a balanced diet, keeping your weight under check, avoiding smoking and lifestyle changes can help keep your heart healthy. However, do consult your doctor before starting an exercise regimen.\" About immediate steps one should take in case of heart attack, Dr Sharma said, \"You must try to take the patient as quickly as possible to a clinic or a hospital. However, in the meantime, it is advisable to give the patient an aspirin immediately which the patient should chew and swallow. A sorbitrate/angecid tablet should be kept under tongue of patient and this should be spit out by him after the pain in the chest subsided.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817215", "title": "Hoshangabad dist may be new home for mahasheer", "text": "BHOPAL: Mahasheer, one of the 17 endangered fish species, may find a new home in a water body created by the seepage of Tawa reservoir canal in Hoshangabad district. The fish species was once found in abundance in Narmada River in the state. Construction of dams over the river-the life line of the state running from the east to the west--has caused a drop in the fish.\"The construction of dams disturbed the river ecology further disturbing its habitat, several tributaries stopped meeting the river and now mahasheer has to swim upstream to breed in the river water,\" VK Purohit, Director Fisheries told the TOI.He said that mahasheer needs clear crystal water and the water body identified in the Tawa Nagar has all the qualities to have a first breeding centre of Mahasheer in the state. The ICAR team would son file its report and we would act accordingly, Purohit said sounding optimistic.A team of experts from the Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR) that visited the just-concluded fish festival at Lal Parade grounds, surveyed the water body in Tawa Nagar of Hoshangabad for the rehabilitation of mahasheer, the state fish, Purohit said. Like swamp deer of the Kanha National Park and Dudhraj (paradise flycatcher) the state animal and bird respectively, mahasheer is the state fish and is known for its good taste.After an alarming drop in mahasheer population in the Narmada River four months back, the state government in its agriculture cabinet declared mahasheer as its state fish, Purohit said. The Lucknow-based National Bureau Fish Genetic Resource also recommended the state government to make efforts for conservation of the game fish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815879", "title": "HC wants media code for child abuse cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday asked the government to constitute a committee on a plea that sought guidelines to regulate media reporting and disclosure of details about children in cases like that of the two-year-old battered baby, Falak, who is admitted at AIIMS.A bench headed by the high court chief justice took suo motu cognizance of a letter written to him for framing of guidelines for media reporting on such sensitive issues. The court also sought a response from the Centre as well as the state government within a week.Falak was admitted to AIIMS on January 18 with severe head injuries and human bite marks all over her face.The HC said the committee will comprise the presiding officer of the Juvenile Justice Board, representatives of the Central and Delhi governments, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, Press Council of India, media and NGOs.The letter pointed to the media rush to report on Falak and the teenager who allegedly brought the baby to the hospital.\"Media reporting has sensationalized the life of both children in a way, and to such an extent that these children will never be able to get away from the memories of this time,\" the letter said. The lawyer also argued: \"India being a signatory to United Nations Convention on Child Rights is under obligation to ensure protection of law against any unlawful intervention into the privacy of a child or any attack on child's honour.\"\"The committee will deliberate on the issue and file a report by March 7,\" the bench said taking note of the central argument of the lawyer that even in the past several reports by media had disclosed details of children and other juveniles even though this is prohibited under law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817146", "title": "Killing one\u2019s own: It\u2019s the mind on edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: May 28, 2009: Caught in a compromising position, daughter kills mother in Paschim Vihar.June 8, 2011: Man stabs his 70-year-old father in Bhogal after an argument over selling land and not supporting him against his wife, who was allegedly having an affair.July 8, 2011: Man murders his father in Zamrudpur area of Greater Kailash because he was spending a fortune on a woman with whom he allegedly had a relationship.Feb 7, 2012: Man batters his father to death, injures mother in Krishna Nagar.Domestic violence is no more limited to marital discord and torture of women at the hands of their husbands and in-laws. Violence is now permeating into relationships as varied as between father and son, mother and daughter.Psychiatrists say Tuesday's case where a man battered his 58-year-old father to death at their Krishna Nagar home, caring little even for his mother's intervention, should be taken as a wake-up call. Frequent misbehaviour, physical abuse, tendency to inflict injuries on oneself and substance abuse must not be tolerated and one should contact a psychiatrist or the family physician to explore possibilities of an underlying mental illness or behavioral disorder, which are treatable, they said.\"Violence against family members, including parents is increasing. We get two to three such cases every day. Most often, it is triggered by an untreated mental illness or stress which manifests in aggression against close members of the family,\" said Dr Nimesh Desai, director, Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS). He said fall in family values has added to the problem.Dr Jitendra Nagpal, another psychiatrist, said, \"Mental illness and issues related to it need to be taken seriously. One must consult a doctor if a person is facing relationship woes or work-related stress, a common problem particularly in big cities, which is causing depression or aggression. Mental disorders are a growing health concern which affect more than 7% of the total population in the country. Such disorders are present in many more people in the form of sub-clinical emotional and behavioral health issues which can manifest as aggressive behaviour if ignored for too long,\" Nagpal said. He said the stigma attached to mental illness must be done away with.Dr Nand Kumar, additional professor of psychiatry at All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS), said treatment is available for most mental health issues. \"Many people cannot control their impulses. It is a kind of mental disorder and is treated with mood stabilizers. We give anti-psychotic drugs to patients, who complain about abnormal belief, for instance, someone who thinks his father doesn't love him as much as he loves his other children,\" he said.He said that in children deviant behaviour, frustration and depression have been observed. \"With proper counselling it can be treated. But if ignored, it can turn into a major health issue,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817589", "title": "Man gets 1-yr RI for kidnapping 7-yr-old", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man has been sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for one year and slapped with a fine of 5,000 after he was found guilty of kidnapping a seven-year-old girl.The incident occurred on March 30, 2010 when seven-year-old Charumathi was playing in front of her house along with her sister Rekha and friend Swetha.Around 3pm, M Elumalai, an autorickshaw driver, approached Charumathi and offered to give her a ride while her playmates were inside the house. When Elumalai, who was in an inebriated condition, began driving rashly, the child started crying out loud.After stopping the vehicle at the bridge near Kasi Theatre in KK Nagar, he threatened to throw the girl into the river if she continued to cry. He slapped her, said eyewitnesses. They later said they found deep scratches on the child's face.At the time, Janahiraman, a real estate businessman, was passing by the area. On seeing a crowd gather in the area as Elumalai was driving his auto rashly, he looked into the vehicle and realized the child was his sister's granddaughter.With help from the public, he managed to stop the vehicle and rescue the child. Elumalai was then taken to Kumaran Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815151", "title": "India plays down differences with UK, calls ties 'mutually beneficial'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent bitterness in the UK over ties with India, exemplified further by India's decision to award the $10.4 billion MMRCA contract to France's Rafale, finally prompted a response on Wednesday from New Delhi that said in a statement that bilateral cooperation between the two countries remains \"mutually beneficial\".The statement follows a campaign in the British media quoting MPs that the annual aid provided to India be immediately stalled because of India's decision to prefer Rafale over Eurofighter Typhoon, built by a consortium of four nations, including the UK and Germany.Foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said relations between India and the UK are warm and friendly and have stood the test of time. \"India appreciates cooperation extended by UK in a number of areas, which have contributed to India's overall development efforts, particularly through capacity building, exchange of best practices, knowledge sharing and sharing of technology and technical expertise,\" he said.\"The bilateral cooperation between India and UK has been and remains mutually beneficial,\" he added.When asked for response to reports in the British media that India's didn't want aid from the UK, government sources had said earlier this week that India was appreciative of efforts to provide aid. \"There are niche areas where we require assistance and we have always been appreciative of efforts to provide that assistance,\" said an official.British newspapers Sunday Times and The Sunday Telegraph had reported about finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's comment in 2010 in the Rajya Sabha that India did not need British aid which, according to him, was no more than \"peanuts\" in its overall scheme of development expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817332", "title": "Mahesh Bhatt turns to NID graduates for Raaz 3", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When well-known Bollywood director Mahesh Bhatt decided to give the horror characters in his new film 'Raaz 3' a more realistic look, he sought consultation from National Institute of Design graduates. The third part of the horror trilogy that will be starring Bipasha Basu and Emraan Hashmi, will have close-to-real horror characters whose faces will be made using silicon prepared by a group of young NID graduates in Ahmedabad.\"We are working on a project for Mahesh Bhatt's film 'Raaz 3' which is under production at the moment. We are in the process of making the scary face of a prominent character in the film,\" said Rajiv Subbha, a Ceramic and Glass Design graduate of NID who founded a startup company called 'Dirty Hands' along with his classmate Mamta Gautam.The designers will make a silicon face mask which could be worn by the actor who is playing the role of a demon. The design will help the film crew avoid the tedious process of face make-up for the character. The film, produced by Mahesh Bhatt and his brother Mukesh Bhatt, will be directed by Vikram Bhatt.Among many other design activities, developing hyper realistic mannequins and body limbs is a unique expertise of the designers at Dirty Hands which is being incubated at NID's incubation centre called National Design Business Incubator (NDBI). The company also made several silicon figurines for Darshan museum in Pune which is dedicated to the life of Sindhi saint and scholar Sadhu Vaswani.Talking about the work with silicon which is still very new in the country, Subba said, \"The idea is to make the models as real as possible. While wax is an alternative and known medium, silicon has an added advantage of durability and has soft realistic touch like that of real skin and diverse applicability.\"\"There are different ways of using silicon. We are also considering exploring the area of making prosthetic limbs with silicon,\" said Subba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816749", "title": "Green nod for LNG pipeline", "text": "KOCHI: Ministry of Forest and Environment (MoEF) on Wednesday gave clearance for the Kochi-Bengaluru pipeline being laid by the GAIL to carry gas from the Petronet LNG terminal coming up at Kochi.\"The MoEF has just given us the green signal after we submitted the letter from the Kerala government strongly recommending clearance for the pipeline,'' deputy general manager of the GAIL, K P Ramesh told TOI here over telephone from Bengaluru.The MoEF had recently written to the Kerala Government suggesting that the work on the pipeline be put on hold till the settlement of the litigations over 4.33 hectares of forest land enroute the pipeline in the Palakkad region.Kerala Forest secretary Sajan Peter then wrote to the MoEF officials recalling that that the litigations had nothing do with the environmental impact of the project, but was related only to the ownership of the land.The GAIL had not demanded ownership of the land but has applied only \"right of use'' of the land to lay the pipeline. The GAIL officials had also promised that they were ready to pay the compensation for the land was as per the rules, whoever has been selected as the owner after the litigations are settled.\"Now we will be able to complete the Rs3,250 crore pipe-laying project by May 2013 as originally scheduled. There are five stretches of the pipeline passing through Kerala and contracts for four stretches have already been awarded and the remaining one also will be awarded soon. However, the first phase of the pipeline from LNG terminal to Amabalamukal and Udyogamandal will be completed before this October when the terminal will start commercial operation,'' Ramesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816698", "title": "Govt set to ban all forms of child labour", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is considering to make changes in existing laws to abolish all forms of child labour under 18 years.A government panel has recommended amendment to Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act that makes distinction between hazardous and non-hazardous categories of work for children under 14 years.Child rights activists has been demanding for a revision in the definition of child labour to bring uniformity in all laws, and recognize all working children upto 18 years as child labourers.The demand for a complete ban on child labour, irrespective of whether it is in hazardous or non-hazardous industries, will gain momentum, thanks to the fresh recommendations made by a Plan panel group. Child labour was banned only in 18 hazardous occupations and 65 processes, said an official.The panel suggested that existing child labour law would to be in tune with the Right to Education (RTE) Act as children cannot be both working and studying (elementary and secondary level) simultaneously.The committee advocated abolition of all form of child labour to ensure effective implementation of the RTE Act. \"Child labour in any form is detrimental to physical, mental and cognitive growth and development of the child,\" noted the panel, headed by secretary of women and child development ministry.With compulsory quality education being made available to all children upto 14 years under the RTE Act, the panel is hoping that number of working children would reduce as 'children at school' are not 'children at work'.It was also argued to extend the RTE Act upto the senior secondary level.Planning Commission's working group on child rights, which has secretaries of labour, health, education, social justice, rural development as members, recommended for developing a comprehensive children's code by harmonizing and updating different legal provisions, with uniformity in definition of \"children\" and strengthen and create more effective mechanism for child sensitive and child-friendly jurisprudence.The panel noted that a large number of children are working to earn money - 12.6 million child labourers in the age group of 6-14 in hazardous occupation, according to the 2001 Census.As per the National Family Health Survey (NFHS)-3 data, 11.8% children are found to be engaged in work. Gujarat has the highest proportion of working children at 32%, followed by Rajasthan (20%). The percentage of children working in rural areas was higher at 11% than in urban centres (9%). There was no difference in work participation rates between boys and girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816492", "title": "Pawar seeks PDS reforms before food security bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Agriculture minister Sharad Pawar kept up his public criticism of the National Food Security Bill, saying the proposed legislation would not take off without massive reforms in the public distribution system (PDS) and the farm infrastructure.\"I will be failing in my duty if I do not emphasize the fact that the Food Security Act will never succeed in achieving its goal in letter and spirit if we try to push the same through the existing PDS apparatus. A massive process re-engineering is required to make the PDS compatible with the goals of the Act and modern day requirement,\" he said at a meeting of state food and agriculture ministers on Wednesday.This is not the first time Pawar has spoken out against Congress's flagship proposal under UPA-2 and Sonia Gandhi's pet project. \"At this juncture, we have serious limitations on all fronts like capacities of mandis, financial position of state agencies, manpower, quality inspection mechanism, storage, movement etc,\" he said.However, the agriculture minister stressed that he was not opposed to the objective of the scheme, and that his concerns were limited to its implementation aspect. \"There is a general perception that I have reservations about Food Security Act. However, reservations apart, there is no denying the fact that as a welfare nation, time has really come to ensure that each and every citizen of this country gets two square meals a day. My only concern is whether the existing mechanism is compatible enough with the spirit of this Act,\" he said.When asked about Pawar's observations on the food security bill on the sidelines of the conference, food minister K V Thomas said, \"Whatever he said was not wrong. We need to produce more and strengthen PDS to implement this law.\"At the conference, Thomas highlighted the reforms the government was seeking in the PDS under the proposed bill as well as steps already taken. He noted that the ministry was progressing steadily in its computerization programme to allow transparent monitoring and reporting on stocks, movement and delivery schedules. Regarding storage, the minister said though storage facilities and warehousing were increasing and improving, there was still a lot to be done on this front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816686", "title": "Vijay keeps fans guessing on his political intentions", "text": "MADURAI: Actor Vijay has hinted that he is keeping his options open on taking the plunge into politics.When asked about his entry into active politics, Vijay told reporters in Madurai on Wednesday that he would address the question in another press conference. The actor might not have made a direct statement to answer the query, but neither did he deny his entry into politics - a fact that enthused his fans.Vijay or rather his father director S A Chandrasekaran has more often made his political ambitions overt. Prior to the assembly elections in Tamil Nadu, Chandrasekaran met chief minister J Jayalalithaa. Vijay too organised a massive meeting with his fans in Nagapattinam just before the elections. The public meeting made a huge buzz in political circles as it was expected that Vijay might announce the party that he would support in that election.However, in Madurai, Vijay refused to take more political questions. When reporters persisted with queries like whether he will campaign for Sankarankoil by elections and why he had not raised his voice on the issues pertaining to state like Mullaperiyar and Kudankulam, Vijay requested them to stick to questions pertaining to cinema.Vijay later said he will be doing a film centering on the theme of differently-abled like that of actor Vikram in 'Deivathirumagal'. He said he had been planning such a role for some time and would do it shortly.He made it a point to spend some time with special children from a private school who were brought to the hotel to meet him. Earlier in the day, he visited a local theatre where a movie was screened and spent some time with his fans. He commented on his movie, Nanban, that was a commercial hit, terming the title apt. \"Friendship is a special relationship in spite of other family ties like father, mother, brothers and sisters. A good friend is indeed a great relationship where we can confide all secrets,\" he said. He repeated his dialogue from the movie where he insists on sticking to the profession one likes and putting heart and soul in it to come up in life.\"Take up the profession you like most and work hard to come up in life. My parents wanted me to be a doctor but I preferred to become a movie star,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816783", "title": "Narendra Modi to campaign in city", "text": "PUNE: Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi will campaign in the city for the BJP, along with party president Nitin Gadkari and leaders Sushma Swaraj and Gopinath Munde.Modi is scheduled to address a public rally in the city on February 13.\"We are scheduling meetings of our leaders, including Modi, Gadkari, Swaraj, Vinod Tawade, Eknath Khadse and Munde,\" BJP candidate Ganesh Bidkar told reporters.Bidkar, who is a member of the civic standing committee, alleged that the NCP has created unnecessary confusion over the metro rail project.\"Now, Ajit Pawar is saying that he will complete the project in five years. But already his party has delayed the project by creating confusion over the elevated and underground metro,\" Bidkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11816928", "title": "Fears of Kudankulam residents must be eased, says BJP leader", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former Union Minister and senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh on Wednesday urged the union government to address concerns raised by residents of Kudankulam before continuing further with works of the controversial atomic power project.Talking to media persons on the sidelines of an interactive function organized jointly by Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore, and SNR College in the city, Jaswant appreciated chief minister J Jayalalithaa's decision to deploy a committee of experts to look into the Kudankulam issue. He ruled out allegations raised by Hindutva outfits that the anti-nuclear protests were funded by foreign hands.\"It is unwise to treat nuclear energy as the only dependable energy source. We have not sufficiently exploited the renewable energy sector. We need a combination of all energy sources,\" he said. On the reported moves of BJP to woo AIADMK to its fold, he refused to comment.Replying to a question raised by a student on the high costs in defense related expenditure, he was more candid. \"After the Kargil war, the Parliament instituted a committee which studied various topics regarding defence and intelligence. The study revealed that we were not aware of how many island territories was part of India. In addition, we also have border issues with China, Pakistan and Bangladesh , making our defense expenditure high,\" he said.Regarding the 2G issue he commented. \"The UPA did not handle it in the right way. Since 1994, there has been a revolution in the telecom industry. The number of subscribers has increased tremendously. The controversy should not deprive citizens of the benefits they are enjoying,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815782", "title": "CM downplays R-factor, but others wary", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday played down the impact the rebel candidates would have on the part's poll chances in the BMC, but a section of senior leaders in the Congress is way of the R-factor.Denied candidature by the Congress, at least 44 candidates are contesting as Independents in various wards. While Chavan said that \"none of these were significant\" and will not dent the party's poll prospects, a senior Congress minister did not rule out rebels upsetting the official candidate and emerging victorious in some wards. The minister also said that \"some other rebel candidates could divide voters, helping other candidates\".The minister, who enjoys a considerable clout in the city, said the \"possibility of victorious rebel candidates joining hands with rival camps could not be ruled out\".In the event that neither the Cong-NCP alliance nor the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance manages to capture a clear majority, the parties will have to depend on other parties like the MNS, the Samajwadi Party (SP), and Independents to achieve majority. The Congress has already ruled out a post-poll alliance with the MNS and is wary of the SP supporting the Sena camp. In such circumstances, the role of the Independents will be vital, a leader said. The minister said that there could be an increase in the number of victorious Independents this time as compared to the last civic election.The Congress is yet to take action against its rebels. The BJP has already suspended six rebels, including four corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "tiruvarur", "code": "11816701", "title": "Baalu wants rly equipment-making unit in Trichy", "text": "TIRUVARUR: TR Baalu, DMK MP as well as chairman of the standing committee on railways, has put forth a demand to set up a railway equipment manufacturing unit over a sprawling 100 acres in Ponmalai also known as Golden Rock in Trichy.Baalu, who was in Mannarkudi, told reporters on Tuesday that the railway workshop called Golden Rock railway workshop was where mechanical works were being carried out for the Southern Railway. Of the total area (200 acres), the workshop occupied some few acres. Interestingly, a vast area over 100 acres remained vacant in the land allotted to the workshop very long back. Going by the findings, the standing committee decided to insist upon the railway ministry to set up a railway equipment manufacturing unit in Golden Rock railway workshop land. For this, he submitted his recommendation to the railway minister Dhinesh Trivedi to allocate funds for his project in the forthcoming railway budget.Baalu also said the standing committee recommended that the railway ministry allocate Rs 65 crore to lay railway tracks between Thiruthuraipoondi-Thirukuvalai-Nagapattinam. The railways had approved Rs 890 crore for laying tracks between Karaikudi-Thiruthuraipoondi-Thiruvarur. The committee sought Rs 200 crore to be released to commence the first phase of work.The standing committee also recommended setting up of the second unit of the Integral Coach Factory (ICF) in Chennai, he added.When contacted, a senior official in the railway workshop told TOI that there was no such step taken to set up an equipment manufacturing unit. However, of the 220 acres allotted for the railway workshop, more than 100 acres of vacant land can be utilized for such purposes. The proposal may be of Baalu's own fancy but no official communication was made so far. Moreover, the project would be new to Tamil Nadu as there was no such unit in Tamil Nadu so far.However, the official confirmed that a project estimated to cost Rs 100 crore was afoot to set up 'Engine Block Reclamation Centre'. A detailed project report had been sent to the railway board for approval. Yet , approval was not yet given.According to him, the Engine Block Reclamation Centre would be constructed in a small place inside the railway workshop and would be very useful to the existing set up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815399", "title": "Subrata replaces Sobhandeb as INTTUC head", "text": "KOLKATA: Veteran politician and state minister, Subrata Mukherjee is getting more and more importance in Mamata Banerjee's administrative and political functioning. The minister now wears several hats - the latest being that of Indian National Trinamool Trade Union Congress (INTTUC) president. He replaced senior party leader Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay.At a meeting convened at Writers' Buildings on Wednesday, the chief minister announced that Mukherjee would now head the INTTUC as its all-India president in place of Sobhandeb. Purnendu Bose has been made the state chairman. The meeting was attended by Purnendu Bose, Partha Chatterjee, Subrata Mukherjee and others.In the book compiled by the Mamata government on completion of 200 days in power, Mukherjee's name is in the third position on the list of Cabinet ministers, Partha Chatterjee being the No. 2.Only on December 27, Mukherjee was given the important department of panchayat and rural development in addition to public health and engineering (PHE). He had initially been kept out of Writers' and was given a department housed in the New Secretariat when Mamata came to power on May 20 last year.Apparently, Mukherjee's detractors tried their best to keep the veteran politician at bay, citing his political flip-flops, especially the way the once all-powerful mayor sunk the Trinamool boat on the eve of the 2005 corporation elections. But the chief minister gradually realized that she needs this man - with political and administrative experience - near her.The veteran politician and seasoned minister who debuted in the S S Ray government four decades ago, seems to be the chief minister's trump card ahead of the crucial panchayat elections. Announcing Mukherjee's \"comeback\", the chief minister had then said, \"Panchayat is an important department. We have decided to switch responsibilities. Subratada will be in charge of this department along with PHE.\"The CM created a new department for Chandranath Sinha, the former panchayat and rural development minister, who faired badly in the panchayat department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817659", "title": "B-Focused's new focus to Jakate Niketan kids", "text": "NAGPUR: Students of the Major Hemant Jakate Vidya Niketan, Mhalgi Nagar, Ring Road got a new perspective on their career and the path to achieve success through the B Focused workshop on Wednesday.\"Keeping in mind that the school is Marathi medium we conducted the workshop in Hindi. Though the language of the slides could not be changed, we conducted the whole programme in our national language,\" said Shobha Dhanwatay, director, Workskills Training Academy (WTA) which is conducting the workshop along with The Education Times.The students were eager to learn from the workshop and their hunger for knowledge and opportunities for growth was evident from the zeal with which they participated in the various activities which were conducted.\"These students come from a very different background and haven't had much of exposure. Such experiences will help them in making right choices about their education, which is the only way for their upliftment,\" said Dhanwatay.The Sanskrit teacher of the school, NA Askar said that given the activities being interactive, kids learnt a lot from apparently small things. \"The speakers have also kept the children captivated,\" she said.\"Now a days, children are increasingly becoming individualistic. Through this workshop we are trying to make them realize the importance of team work along with personal growth,\" said Sunaina Saraf, trainer, WTA.Sulabha Jakate, senior member of the governing body of the school said that such workshops were the need of the day for the students. \"It is of utmost importance that the children are exposed to such new ideas,\" she said.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comQuotes with picsI learnt the importance of concentration and that attention is a crucial factor in the learning process. We were also introduced to the idea of learning through fun activities. Shubham Narkhede, Std X.Honing the skills of the five aspects of our brain is very important for the development of the brain. We should strive to learn from every experience in our life for our personal growth. Neeraj Paunikar, Std XConcentration is important for learning more in less time. The activity concerning our memory was my favourite one and I think this workshop will prove to be helpful in the upcoming board exams. Akash Narekar, Std XFocus and concentration is very important for our success. Our cognitive skills must always be developed and kept updated. Along with this it is also very important that we give sufficient time to our brain to relax. Smita Sawant, Std XI liked the memory activity the best. It taught us the importance of having an accurate memory along with the values of team work. The importance of attention and concentration during studies was also well emphasized. Nandini Nivare, Std XSuch workshops will help the students in easing the tension which surrounds them during the board exams. Because of the background these students come from, they might not be able to get proper guidance from their parents. It's a commendable initiative by TOI. Madhusudan Mude, Principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11818035", "title": "Now, glasses with in-built computer", "text": "LONDON: Google is to soon launch hi-tech glasses with inbuilt computer displays, a media report said, quoting a company insider as saying.Speculation is rife that hitech 'heads up display' glasses are being developed at Google's secret 'Google X' lab for months. Now, sources claim to have seen a prototype of the product, Daily Mail reported.The glasses will be armed with cameras, an Android operating system, and could be on sale soon, the source said.Google specialist Seth Weintraub says, \"Our tipster said it looks something like Oakley Thumps. These glasses, have a front-facing camera and could aid in augmented reality applications.\"The heads up display is only for one eye and on the side. The navigation system currently used is a head tilting to scroll and click. We are told it's very quick to learn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816681", "title": "Another Alagiri aide held for land grab, hunt on for two more", "text": "MADURAI: In yet another onslaught unleashed by the ruling party on DMK men in land-grab cases, Bose Muthiah, an aide of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister, M K Alagiri was arrested here on Wednesday for occupying a house forcibly by threatening the owner to part with the property.While Muthiah, who is also a corporation councillor and district DMK youth wing secretary has been arrested, police are on the lookout for his mother and brother.Police said that Josephine Rose, wife of Stanislas Rajan of Avaniapuram had constructed a house on a six cent piece of land in the locality, in 1991 after obtaining a loan from the cooperative society in Madurai. When she ran out of resources to repay the loan amount, months after building the new house, Rose approached Kaliammal, mother of Muthiah, seeking to borrow a sum of Rs 60,000.Kaliammal who readily gave the amount, however, got Rose to allow her to stay in the house until the latter could repay the borrowed money. Subsequently, Kaliammal also settled the remaining dues for the loan amount and continued to enjoy absolute ownership of the house. When Rose approached her with the repayment money and demanded Kaliammal to vacate the house, she allegedly refused.Kaliammal, along with her sons, Muthiah and Easwaran also allegedly threatened Rose with dire consequences if the persisted with handing over of the house. They also demanded her to transfer the ownership of the house legally.Even as Rose felt threatened, Kaliammal continued to expand the house and even built another storey over the years. Muthiah occupied the house and allegedly used it for anti-social activities. \"All these years, we were afraid to challenge them. But now my children have grown up and urged me to approach the police,\" said Rose, who lodged a complaint with SP Asra Garg. The property is worth Rs 35 lakh now, while the market value could be much more, she claimed.Soon after receiving the complaint, the district police probed the veracity of the complaint and after finding there was prima facie case against the accused, Muthiah was arrested and booked on six counts including criminal intimidation.Kaliammal and another son Easwaran are on the run, police said.Muthiah, however, termed the case as false and the arrest politically motivated. Soon after the AIADMK assumed charge, almost all of Alagiri's men were arrested in several land-grab cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816366", "title": "Ban on SIMI extended for another two years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has extended the ban on Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) for another two years, beginning Wednesday, for its alleged links with Pakistan-based terror outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and its front Indian Mujahideen.A notification to this effect was issued under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act 1967 on Tuesday, the day the previous two-year ban ended.The decision to continue the ban, imposed for the first time in September 2001, was taken at a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) chaired by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on February 2. Earlier, the law ministry had given its clearance to extend the ban.SIMI is one of the 35 outfits banned in India under UAPA. Terror outfits al-Qaida, LeT, Indian Mujahideen, Jaish-e-Mohammed, Harkat-ul-Mujahideen, al-Badr, Babbar Khalsa International, Khalistan Commando Force, United Liberation Front of Assam, Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam and CPI (Maoist) are among those proscribed under the law.SIMI was banned for the first time when police found during a probe that its members were joining LeT. It was also found that the group had provided logistical support to Lashkar in setting up 'sleeper cells' in the hinterland. Some of its members had received training from Lashkar in Gulf countries and Pakistan before joining Indian Mujahideen in India.Under the provisions of UAPA, the banned outfit can challenge the government notification before the Special Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act tribunal. If the tribunal rejects the ban order, the home ministry -- which issued the notification -- may move the Supreme Court.SIMI was in the spotlight when the home ministry in January issued a 'security advisory' to Delhi and Rajasthan Police, saying celebrated author Salman Rushdie faced a grave threat from the banned group.The ministry had issued the advisory just two days before Rushdie was supposed to come to India to attend the Jaipur Literature Festival from January 20 to 24. Rushdie subsequently cancelled his visit on 'security' grounds.The single-page advisory said the author faced threat from SIMI whose former general secretary Saquib Nachan was \"exploring the possibility of targeting Rushdie during his proposed visit\". Nachan, a key accused in the 2003 Mulund train blast case of Mumbai, is currently out of jail after being given bail by a special POTA court in January last year. Nachan is considered a link between SIMI and LeT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817993", "title": "EC tightens up on asset details of candidates", "text": "PANAJI: The election commission of India (EC) has tightened up on the details to be submitted by election candidates in their affidavits attached to their nomination papers. With the affidavits of candidates uploaded on the Internet within 24 hours for the benefit of citizens, some candidates lamented that \"minute details\" of their assets impugned on their privacy.In earlier elections, candidates had to give details of their assets in terms of cash, fixed deposits, vehicles, jewellery and property. In terms of monetary assets, candidates were required to list the cash in possession of their spouses and dependents. Likewise, they were required to list the fixed deposits and insurance policies, etc.In the new format of the affidavit, though, all that is required to be listed but in \"minute detail\". For example, a candidate while listing a fixed deposit had to give only the amount. Now he needs to furnish the amount, the fixed deposit receipt number, the date of deposit, the scheme, the name of the bank and the branch.Earlier, it was just \"deposits in banks, financial institutions and non-banking financial companies\". Now that has extended to \"details of deposits in bank accounts (FDRs, term deposits and all other types of deposits including savings accounts), deposits with financial institutions, non-banking financial companies and co-operative societies and the amount in each such deposit\".The minute details are not limited just to the candidate and his spouse. Like before, he has to furnish those details for every dependent.Earlier in the column for \"motor vehicles\", all that was sought was \"details of make, etc\". Now one needs to specify \"motor vehicles, aircrafts, yachts and ships with details of make, registration number, year of purchase and amount.\"Before, the \"details of immovable assets\" was limited to five parameters. Now immovable assets have been split into three categories of \"agricultural land\", \"non-agricultural land\" and \"commercial buildings\", and one has to give details of seven parameters in each category.Said one candidate who did not want to be named, \"Not only is this a lot of work, but all this will go on the Internet and will be viewed by all people. The final amounts would have sufficed. Am I not entitled to some privacy?\"The Mapusa BJP MLA Francis D'Souza more or less agreed. \"I have been paying income tax for the last fifteen years. They should have taken my Pan card details and last income tax returns. That would have been enough.\" Details of cases against candidates also need to be mentioned in detail. These include details of cases where the court has taken cognizance, sections of the Act and description of the offence for which cognizance taken, the name of the court, case number and date of order taking cognizance.THENNOWJust total amount of deposits in banks, financial institutions and non-banking financial companiesDetails such as serial no of FDs, amount, date of deposit, scheme, name of bank and branch.Motor vehicles (details of make, etc.)Motor vehicles, aircrafts, yachts, ships with details of make, registration no. year of purchase and amount.Jewellery (give details of weight and value)Jewellery, bullion and valuable things (give details of weight and value)Did not ask for details of personal loans or advances given to any person or entityDetails needed of personal loans/advances given to any person or entity.Only 6 parameters of immovable assets requiredSeven parameters in each of three categories required on immovable assetsElections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816450", "title": "Brahmi script found at Edakkal", "text": "KOCHI: Noted historian and archaeologist M R Raghava Varier has confirmed the presence of Brahmi script at the ancient Edakkal caves in a remote part of Wayanad district. The latest discovery makes it plausible that the cultural diffusion of the Indus Valley civilization was more widespread than usually thought. Varier said it was the Dravidian form of Brahmi script that was seen at the Edakkal caves.\"The Brahmi script I found can be read as Sree Vazhumi which is believed to be the Tamil equivalent of Lord Brahma. It has been found close to the carving of a human figure with an outsized phallus. The practice of providing an inscription beneath a carving or etching is very much part of Indian tradition. This indicates that Edakkal caves were also a fertility cult site,\" he explained.The Brahmi script is believed to be used between fifth century BC and sixth century AD and several historians and archaeologists connect it to the ancient Indus Valley civilization.Their location at Edakkal caves may lend more credence to the view that the civilization may have extended to southern parts of the country as well, and was not confined to northern and central India alone. \"The Jain and Buddhist sanyasins staying in these caves (viharas) used to give lessons in scripts, grammar, poetry, medicine and astrology. There is evidence that they used the Brahmi script,'' Varier said.\"Surprisingly the Brahmi script had evaded the attention of numerous historians, archaeologists and epigraphists who had visited and studied Edakkal caves in the past. Even I took note of it only when I had gone there last week, though I had visited it several times in the past,\" he clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817789", "title": "More students in HSC than SSC this year", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has finally announced number of students and centres for its HSC and SSC exams commencing from February third week. There is a big addition of students appearing for Class XII and an equally sharp decline in those appearing for Class X across nine divisions in state.This year, over 17 lakh students would be taking HSC exam, compared to 13.30 lakh last year. It is a significant increase by over 3.7 lakh. On other hand, just 13.46 lakh would sit for SSC exam compared to 16.38 lakh last year which is a decline of 2.92 lakh.In the six districts of Nagpur division though, the picture is more stable. Here, 3.83 lakh students would appear in both exams. Of these, 1.76 lakh would take HSC exam compared to 1.77 lakh last year, a decline of about a thousand students.In SSC, 2.06 lakh would appear compared to 1.97 lakh last year which is an increase of just 4,000. A new division has been added from this year at Konkan from where 29,425 students would appear for HSC and 45,386 for SSC exams.Board's Nagpur division chairperson Chandramani Borkar said this year, students from 1,184 schools from the division would be appearing for HSC while students from 2,473 schools would sit for SSC exams.\"There is an increase in the number of HSC centres but a decrease in those of SSC centres in the division compared to last year. There will be 383 centres for HSC and 648 for SSC exams.\"He added that mathematics and science papers would be conducted as per new syllabus this year and the students had to secure at least 25% marks in theory papers of both subjects to clear them.Quoting board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav, Borkar said that the centralized admission process (CAP) to the junior colleges may commence immediately after the SSC results were out. \"A proposal in this regard was pending with the government. It will save a lot of time,\" he said.No of students appeared in last 5 years in Ngp division:Year ------------- SSC -------------- HSC2007 ------------- 2.30 ------------- 1.402008 ------------- 2.15 ------------- 1.492009 ------------- 2.5 --------------- 1.412010 ------------- 2.01 ------------- 1.612011 ------------- 1.97 ------------- 1.772012 ------------- 2.06 ------------- 1.76(* All figures in lakhs)Box: The countdown:State board exams:HSC - February 21 to March 28SSC - March 1 to 28CBSE Class X &amp; XII - March 1 to 29ICSE Class X &amp; XII - Feb 27 to March 29", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11817934", "title": "Sardinha Jr may contest elections as independent", "text": "MARGAO: Refusing to bow out from the fray, Shalom Sardinha, the son of South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha announced that he still has plans to file his nominations for the upcoming elections mostly as an independent candidate.While addressing media persons in Margao, Sardinha said that he was the only child from the family clan that had been denied a ticket and added that he was honest, well educated and sincere as compared to the children or wives of such politicians.Responding to a query, Sardinha said that as there were still days left he was still finalizing his plans but added that he may file his nominations as an independent but nothing was confirmed yet.It is to be noted that Sardinha had applied for the congress ticket from Curtorim which was allotted to sitting MLA Reginaldo Lourenco who had defeated his father, Francisco Sardinha in the 2007 elections.Shalom further said that his father was not like the other politicians who would go to any extent of getting the congress ticket including bribes, threats amongst other such means.Sardinha further condemned the recent raid on the parish priest of St. Francis Xavier Church, Velim. He said that earlier people were given the impression that the BJP party was not secular but that he was shocked that under the existing rule such raid on a religious institutions took place and wondered if other such institutions would be allowed to be raided in the future. When asked if he was blaming the congress party, Shalom refuted the charge but added vaguely that 'somebody was behind the incident.'Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817736", "title": "Gadchiroli tops in polling figures", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district, which defied the left extremists' diktat to boycott zilla parishad and panchayat samiti election, has topped in the region in polling figures. Election officials on Wednesday said Gadchiroli recorded a whopping 73.90% voting.This figure is much higher than the state's average of 66.90% in all the 27 ZPs and 305 panchayats that went to polls on Tuesday. Gadchiroli's polling figure was also very close to the state's top of 75.23% recorded in Kolhapur district. In Nagpur division, Nagpur recorded 62.87% polling, Wardha 69.17%, Chandrapur 71.50% and Gadchiroli 73.90%.For the three districts in Amravati division, Amravati had 65.94% polling, Yavatmal 64.72% and Buldhana 69.22%.Polling in Gadchiroli was by and large peaceful without any major incident of Naxal violence reported from the district due to heavy deployment of security personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817156", "title": "NDMA to help identify risky buildings", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Disaster Management Authority will soon train a batch of 240 officials on structural safety measures who will then be able to identify potentially unsafe and weak buildings in the city.NDMA vice-chairman Shashi Dhar Reddy, speaking at a workshop, listed steps being taken by the agency to enhance disaster management mechanism in Delhi and elsewhere and said ensuring structural safety of buildings was necessary to avoid high casualties in the event of an earthquake.\"In the first batch, we are going to train 240 officers on structural safety measures,\" he said, adding that NDMA was also preparing guidelines for construction and retro-fitting of existing buildings. Delhi is among few cities in the country that fall into a high seismic zone.The workshop was organised as part of a two-month-long exercise to sensitise various sections including executive, legislature and judiciary about disaster management. It was was attended by Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and all other judges of Delhi High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11816692", "title": "Full Marx for 'God' for help", "text": "TRICHY: Karl Marx said religion is the opium of masses. But his young followers in India seem to think that in an extreme situation God could be beseeched for redress, at least in a symbolic sense.So, volunteers of Democratic Youth Federation of India, the youth wing of CPI(M), arrived at the gates of the Sri Ranganathaswamy in Srirangam on Wednesday with a petition to address their grievances. At 11am, around 60 agitators assembled in front of the rajagopuram of the temple and raised slogans against chief minister J Jayalalithaa and her government's failure to act against corruption and other public grievances. The state government's inability to provide uninterrupted power to residents in the run-up to board exams and corruption at Srirangam taluk office, where DYFI district secretary Sasikumar alleged that poor applicants seeking old-age pension got a raw deal from officials, came in for special mention.After addressing the public in front of the rajagopuram for about an hour, the agitators set out to present their application to Sri Ranganathaswamy, but the police stopped them citing security reasons. \"What kind of a security threat would be warranted when presenting an innocuous petition to Lord Ranganatha,\" asked Sasikumar, but the police refused.With the petition kept along with usual pooja items including jasmine garlands, coconuts and bananas in a tray, the DYFI members finally marched off to Alagu Muthu Mariamman in the vicinity of the Rajagopuram. A priest at the temple received the offerings. and uttered the mantra for the written plea to be answered.The petition has four demands: a CBI inquiry into the TNPSC mega scandal, a demand to attach properties of officials involved, in the scandal with immediate effectfilling the more than 50% vacancies in Srirangam taluk office, and uninterrupted power supply for the students community in the run up to board exams.Though DYFI has conducted novel agitations across the state to grab public and media attention, the attempt to borrow a religious practice to press a political cause is unusual. It also comes up in the wake of CPI(M)'s effort to interpret Christ as a social revolutionary ahead of the Kerala unit's state meet in Thiruvananthapuram turning controversial.Party leaders V S Achuthanandan and others had defended the act party line in Keralaargued that religious figures and texts are not the exclusive property of clergy or religious communities but part of the common heritage of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816184", "title": "Branded terrorist, he lost his youth in jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: As 18-year-old Mohammad Amir Khan walked to see a hakeem in Bahadurgarh on the night of February 20, 1998, his biggest worry was the kidney stones he had developed. Little did the teenager know that unforeseen problems were about to overtake his life in the next hour.Named a terrorist and accused of involvement in 19 cases of bombings in Delhi, Rohtak, Sonepat and Ghaziabad between December 1996 and October 1997, Amir spent 14 years in different state jails. His family faced social shame and financial ruin, his father died of a liver ailment that could not be treated in time and his mother suffered a brain haemorrhage that left her paralyzed and speech impaired.When he walked out of jail in January this year after being acquitted in 17 cases, Amir had already served more time in jail than the maximum term he could have got on conviction.In each acquittal, the sessions court judgments pointed to the absence of incriminating evidence after prosecution witnesses testified that they had been made to sign on blank papers and had never seen Amir earlier. He is awaiting the high court's decision in two cases now - a Karol Bagh bombing and a case under the arms and explosives Act.On the fateful night, Amir, son of a small-time toyshop owner, had not noticed a white Gypsy that had been trailing him. Unknown men flung open the door and pushed him inside. While rough voices shouted expletives, his hands and feet were quickly bound up, and he was blindfolded and gagged. \"I thought I was being kidnapped as I didn't know that the men in civil clothes were actually policemen,\" he recalls.Amir's horror had just started. \"I was led to an unknown place where voices echoed. They stripped me naked, pushed me against a wall and forced me to open my legs wide enough to be in a straight line with the wall. A log was lodged between my thighs so I remained in the incredibly painful position while I shrieked in agony. I was beaten, petrol was poured into my private parts, I was made to drink water mixed with detergent and sometimes given electric shocks. Sometimes, I was made to lie down on the ground while heavy metal pipes were rolled over my body. In between the 'treatments', I was made to sign papers and copy down lists of things in diaries. In that one week, I lost my youth,\" he says.Formally \"arrested\" on February 27 that year, Amir was produced in court the next day and charge-sheeted as a criminal mastermind a few months later for planning serial blasts in moving buses, markets and the coaches of Frontier Mail. \"In court, I didn't even understand what was going on because they spoke in English. Later, while reading the charge-sheet I found out that I had supposedly been arrested near Old Delhi Railway Station and a briefcase with a revolver, explosives and - absurdly - my school marksheets, character certificate and ration card was found in my possession. What would a terrorist with explosives be doing with his school character certificate?\" he asks in bafflement.While the cases dragged on for years, Amir's parents came to know about his arrest only from newspapers. \"We had no money, so my father sold off the property we had, neglected his business as he tried to find me lawyers, and ultimately died of a liver infection that was never properly treated because he was too preoccupied and under debt. My widowed mother fought on for four more years until she, too, suffered a brain stroke that left her paralysed. Our family has been ruined,\" he says.Amir was shifted from one jail to another and sometimes left without a lawyer as he fought the cases. One of his co-accused was poisoned mysteriously in Dasna Jail for which the jail superintendent was charged with murder. \"One day, a Hindi newspaper reported that I was a Pakistani. No lawyer would then help me, and I was treated with suspicion and distrust in jail. An especially painful memory from then is of my aged mother drawing herself up the steep steps of the Ghaziabad court in heavy rain. I watched her from the court lock-up and wished I had died rather than see her undergo such torture,\" he says, tears welling in his eyes.Around that time, in 2007, well-known human rights lawyer ND Pancholi took up Amir's case and has been his counsel ever since. \"We are hopeful that Amir will be acquitted in the remaining two cases as well, much like the other cases which were disposed of,\" says Pancholi.Times ViewThe case of Mohammed Amir cannot simply end with his acquittal by courts in almost all the cases filed against him. The courts have repeatedly held that the prosecution has not been able to present any evidence incriminating him, leave alone proving the charges. Therefore, the state must compensate him for wrongful confinement. Arrested at 18 and let out at 32, the prime of his life has been snatched from him, not to mention the damage done to his reputation. The compensation must cover not only potential earnings for this period but also add on penal amounts for defamation. Compensation apart, the police should realise that every such wrongful arrest adds to the sense of injustice in the minority community and plays into the hands of fundamentalists", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11817862", "title": "Valentine's Day: Wedding bells fall silent this year", "text": "PATNA: Every couple wants to make it special on Valentine's Day and so there's a mad rush to host engagement parties and receptions on this lovers' day on February 14. However, since this year, February 14 is not an auspicious day for Hindu marriages, most couples have been forced to shift their wedding dates though they are planning something \"memorable\" on that day, like exchanging a ring and well, may be a kiss.Pundit Bhavanath Jha of Mahavir Mandir, quoting the Mithila calendar, said there is no auspicious mahurat for weddings on February 14.Mahesh, who is getting married on February 25, said, \"I met my girlfriend five years ago. Soon our friendship turned into love. Lately, our families decided that we should settle down. We wanted to get married on V-Day, but our priest has suggested February 25. So we decided to exchange rings on V-Day.\"Most city's hotels, community halls, clubs and banquet halls are overflowing with bookings. Priests and beauty parlours have been booked. Caterers are outsourcing their services to keep pace with demand.Two posh hotels, Maurya and Chanakya, both have bookings for ring ceremony on V-Day. The New Patna Club and Bankipore Club have bookings for reception parties. Receptions will precede weddings just to make V-Day special. May be another reception will follow after the wedding, said some couples.\"The couples have asked for lots of red roses. They said the occasion should look special not only for them but also the guests,\" said Rajiv Kumar, banquet sales executive, Hotel Maurya.Similarly, Shagun banquet at Dak Bungalow Road and Amrapali banquet at Beer Chand Patel Marg are also booked for engagement parties on V-Day.Bhanu Kumar, who is getting married on V-Day, said, \"What better day could I choose? It is a day for lovers, and I wanted to do something we could always remember.\"\"My grandparents are very concerned about the mahurat but, I convinced them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817191", "title": "MCD budget populist with eye on elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the municipal polls, the BJP is leaving no stone unturned to woo the voters. While finalizing the budget for 2012-13 on Wednesday, the BJP-led MCD increased the budget for councillor's fund from Rs 50 lakh to one crore. This year, each councillor will get Rs 2.55 crore for the development of the area.\"They know that this budget has little meaning, as the three new corporations will workout their own budget. They are using this platform to woo voters,'' said a Congress councillor. The BJP has allocated Rs one crore each for 46 rural wards.MCD had also announced that it would increase the pension for senior citizens from Rs 1000 to Rs 1500 per month for people below the age of 70 and Rs 2000 per month for those above 70 years of age. While presenting the final budget in the MCD House on Wednesday, leader of the House Subhash Arya announced several new infrastructure projects like construction of hospitals in Lajpat Nagar, Fatehpuri, commercial complexes and car parking in Idgah and Jhandewalan, and two water harvesting plants in each ward. The MCD also reiterated many of its old projects announced last year but couldn't be executed due to administrative delays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11821307", "title": "Mobiles can affect pacemakers: DoT", "text": "NEW DELHI: People with medical implants like pacemakers must not keep their cellphones in their shirt pockets.The latest directive by the department of telecommunication says that \"people having active medical implants should preferably keep the cellphone at least 15cm away from the implant\" . An office memorandum circulated by the ministry of communications and IT on January 25 says manufacturer's mobile handset booklets will have to contain the safety precaution.Sachin Pilot, MoS for communications and IT, said this was one of the recommendations made by the inter-ministerial panel that DoT has accepted . \"Necessary changes in the design and packaging for compliance with this instruction will have to be in place by September 1,\" Pilot said.Dr Aparna Jaswal, senior cardiologist at Escorts Heart Research Centre, said it is safe for patients with implants to talk on a cellphone, but they must avoid placing it directly over the pacemaker.\"The pacemaker could misinterpret the cellphone signal as a heartbeat and withhold pacing, producing symptoms such as sudden fatigue . The phone must be kept six inches away from pacemaker and the patient must talk on the phone from the ear not close to the site,\" he added.According to the US FDA , radio frequency energy (RF) from cellphones can interact with pacemakers which are called electromagnetic interference (EMI). If EMI occur, it could affect a pacemaker in three ways: stopping the device from delivering the stimulating pulses that regulate heart's rhythm, cause it to deliver the pulses irregularly or cause the implant to ignore the heart's own rhythm.The ministry's memorandum says cellphone manufacturers must mention the following : use wireless or handsfree with a low power bluetooth emitter, make sure phone has a low SAR, keep calls short or send SMS instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11817676", "title": "Politicians condemn Velim I-T raid", "text": "MARGAO: Stung by the possible political repercussions of the income tax raid on the residential premises of Fr Romano Gonsalves, parish priest of St Francis Xavier church, Velim, politicians have condemned the raid and have demanded action against the officers involved.Local MLA and minister for forest Felipe Neri Rodrigues issued a statement saying, \"The surprise raid on the religious institution, particularly the residential premises occupied by the resident priest of St Francis Xavier Church, by the raiding team of the state flying squad created religious unrest in the peaceful Velim village, thus defeating the very purpose of the election commission of India's objective of having free and fair polls\".He demanded the authority concerned clarify/explain to the people of Velim constituency, what prompted such action on the religious institution which has hurt sentiments of the people, \"of my constituency in particular and general public in the state of Goa\".Rodrigues had visited Fr Romano Gonsalves personally at the church on Tuesday morning for around 15 minutes and promised to look into the matter. Power minister Aleixo Sequeira demanded that the officer who conducted the raid be pulled up for his actions first. PWD minister Churchill Alemao and others including Shalom Sardinha too condemned the raid.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817622", "title": "There are worlds of art to see", "text": "MUMBAI: It's easy to miss a number of art exhibitions in the scrum of The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival. If you're visiting the festival, be sure to make your way to Foundry and Examples to Follow!Organised by Clark House Initiative, an arts practice based in a building of the same name in Colaba, Foundry is an exhibition of prints by students of print making from the JJ School of Art. Most of them are products of a workshop conducted by a visiting British artist, Liz Ballard. \"We wanted to engage with educational art institutions and museums,\" says Zasha Colah, one of the founders of Clark House. \"We felt that print making is more democratic as it's less expensive. And it's a dying art form in a way.\"Inspired by her own research on the eighteenth century British landscape painter John Sell Cotman, who used a perforated tool to teach perspective, Ballard suggested the students use an etched plate drilled with holes and print on both sides of the plate. A set of 12 prints will be sold as a collection titled Peti in a folder that opens like an accordion. There's another set called Auguries, done by current and former students of JJ School as well a few major artists. The proceeds will go to the students as well to the JJ School, Colah says.Examples to Follow! is a travelling exhibition spread across Galerie Max Mueller, Studio X, the Premchand Roychand Gallery and the lawns of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya, Project 88 and Gallery Maskara. Celebrating the sixtieth year of Indo-German friendship, art works related to climate change and sustainable living are showcased. One of the most arresting exhibits is Gudrun Widlock's Adopted, about an agency that finds African godparents for Europeans estranged from their families. Adopted began as a conceptual project and later, in a strangely futuristic turn of events, became a reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817900", "title": "Rainfall brings back chill", "text": "KANPUR: The chill was back in the city after the rainfall of 10.8 mm from Tuesday afternoon to Wednesday morning.The maximum temperature came down to 18.6 degree Celsius. After more than a week, the maximum temperature came below normal. However, the minimum temperature rose slightly and stood at 11.6 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. It was more than four degrees above normal.According to the weatherman, heavy and medium clouds may cover the city for a few more days. North-easterly winds have led to the cloudy weather. However, there are less chance of heavy rainfall.There has been fluctuation in the day temperature. Last week, the maximum temperature went up to 27 degree Celsius, which was four degrees below normal. The minimum temperature remained above 10 degrees. On an average, the variation between the day and the night temperature has been huge, around 15 degree Celsius, which has now lowered after the showers. This lower gap adds to the chill.The sky may remain clear and the night temperature could fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815716", "title": "ATC stops take-off, averts mishap at Mumbai airport", "text": "MUMBAI: A Jet Airways flight had to abort take-off on Wednesday afternoon after an air traffic control ( ATC) official noticed an IndiGo aircraft on the approach path coming in to land.To prevent the two aircraft from getting close to each other, the controller asked the IndiGo flight to do a go-around and the Jet Airways pilot to abort the take-off.The incident occurred around 1.30pm when Jet Airways flight 9W 2403 to Goa was rolling for take-off. The flight had 158 passengers on board. According to airport officials, the controller noticed an IndiGo flight from Nagpur approaching for landing. \"The aircraft was on the approach path and the Jet Airways flight could not have taken off successfully in such a situation. So, the controller asked the departing flight to abort take-off and asked the arriving plane to do a go-around,\" an airport official said.The Jet flight was delayed by over two hours and finally departed around 4pm.While some officials said the Jet flight had delayed its take-off, others said the IndiGo aircraft was a few seconds late. A Jet spokesperson confirmed that the flight had aborted its take-off. \"This was on account of an incoming aircraft of another airline on an uncleared approach into Mumbai,\" the spokesperson said. There was no response from IndiGo despite repeated attempts. DGCA called it a routine procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11815711", "title": "ID card must for rail journey from Feb 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: The passengers will now have to carry a proof of identity while travelling in trains from next week. At present, only passengers travelling on a tatkal or an eticket carry an identity proof while undertaking a train journey. But from February 15, passengers booked on the tickets issued from computerized Passenger Reservation System (PRS) and internet (i-ticket), undertaking journey in AC-3 tier, AC-2 tier, 1st AC, AC chair car and executive classes will have to carry a proof of identity. \"This has been done to keep a check on passengers travelling on transferred tickets,\" said Neeraj Sharma, Sr DCM, Lucknow, NR.The passengers can carry any of the nine ID proofs, in original, while undertaking a train journey -- Voter ID Card, Passport, PAN card, DL, Photo identity card having serial number issued by central/state government, student identity card with photograph issued by recognized school/college for their students, aadhar card, nationalised bank passbook with photograph and credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph. The passengers failing to produce the original identity proof, as and when asked for, will be treated as 'Without Ticket' and charged accordingly.The rule will apply for all sorts of tickets issued by the railways. To create awareness among passengers, regarding the move, railways will soon start printing the message on the tickets issued computerised reservation system and internet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820379", "title": "Music launch of 'Nobel Chor'", "text": "The cast and crew of Suman Ghosh's 'Nobel Chor' got together at a city hotel to release the film's music.The event was indeed a musical one as Bickram Ghosh , along with Goutam Das Baul and Sudipto Gain, took to the stage to sing popular folk numbers.Bickram has also composed the film's music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11817658", "title": "Amonkar likely to quit BJP", "text": "BICHOLIM: Former state BJP president Suresh Amonkar is likely to quit the BJP in protest against being denied a party ticket from Sanquelim. While sources said that BJP leaders are pleading with him not to leave the party at this juncture, Amonkar told TOI he had not taken a final decision yet.On Wednesday, BJP workers lashed out at the party leaders for \"back-stabbing Amonkar\" by going back on their word. A meeting of the newly formed third front was held at Khedekar hall, Sanquelim, on Wednesday evening and was presided over by former Sanquelim sarpanch Praveen Blaggon.Blaggon said they have finalized two candidates and the final candidate would be declared only after Amonkar tendered his resignation to the BJP on Thursday. Blaggan came down heavily on opposition leader Manohar Parrikar for \"giving false promises\".He said, \"Amonkar rejoined the BJP only after he was promised the Sanquelim BJP ticket. Parrikar failed to keep his promise. Under such circumstances, most loyal BJP-men have lost faith in the party and the consequences will be seen at the election.\"Much to the surprise of many BJP workers in the constituency, two days ago the party announced Pramod Sawant as their Sanquelim candidate. A few months ago, Amonkar had announced that he would contest the forthcoming elections following which BJP leaders had approached him to rejoin the party. He joined the party on November 27, 2011.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820905", "title": "Akshay Kumar plays Hindu and Muslim in same film", "text": "In his home-production Oh My God, Akshay Kumar will be seen in multiple avatars.No, he is not doing a double role of brothers separated at birth and growing up in Hindu and Muslim families. Rather one Akshay Kumar would be seen playing Hindu and Muslim character in the same film.The film in question is Oh My God being produced by Akshay Kumar himself along with Ashvini Yardi. And much against the speculations that Akshay won't be a part of his home-production, he will be seen portraying multiple characters. An industry insider reveals, \"Akshay Kumar will be seen in multiple avatars from a Hindu character to a Muslim one. Different looks are being designed keeping his character in mind. From pathani to dhoti-clad look, he will be seen sporting all\". However it's still not revealed whether he would be playing God in the film.The film is a cinematic adaptation of the popular Gujarati play Kanji Virrudh Kanji . Paresh Rawal plays the role of an atheist who challenges God after he loses everything in an earthquake. Umesh Shukla who directed the play will be directing the film as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817688", "title": "2 memory card smugglers held", "text": "CHENNAI: Two persons were arrested at the Anna International Airport late on Tuesday night on charges of smuggling memory cards worth Rs 68 lakh in the Indian market.The arrested - Ashok Rattan (56) and Pooja Talwar (30) -arrived from Bangkok on a Thai Airways flight. The arrested are Indians residing in Delhi.Customs officials said 62,400 pieces of 2GB cards were seized from them. During interrogation Rattan said Pooja was his assistant, and they decided to smuggle in memory cards after his business ran into losses.Acting on a tip-off that memory cards in huge numbers were being smuggled into the country, officers of the air intelligence unit at the airport kept a close watch on the passengers arriving from Bangkok.Late on Tuesday night, the officers spotted the two walking in uncomfortably. On patting them down, the officers found the memory cards concealed in stockings worn over their legs.The passengers admitted that they were smuggling in the memory cards for trading them in Chennai at a marked-up price. Both passengers were arrested under the Customs Act, 1962. Further investigation is on to nab the kingpins.Customs officials have been on a high alert for the last few days as gold smuggling from Colombo to Chennai has been on the rise. Directorate of revenue intelligence officials at the Chennai airport said that there had been a spike in the tip-offs about smuggling operations in the last few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11817452", "title": "Rural folks welcome Mauritius PM", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Many villages adjoining the town wore a festive look as Mauritius' Prime Minister Navin Chandra Ramgoolam visited the countryside after receiving an honorary degree at Kurukshetra University.At the bus stop for more than a dozen villages, thousands of people were seen dancing to welcome their special guest. However, Ramgoolam could not stop there for long and when he was leaving, residents showered flowers on his cavalcade.His father was Susagar Ramgoolam, who was the first prime minster of Mauritius and a close associate of Subhas Chandra Bose. Rajya Sabha MP Ram Prakash had invited Ramgoolam to India to receive the degree during his visit to Mauritius.Sources said Ramgoolam had asked Ram Prakash for a visit to the villages. Residents of Khanpur, Kamoda and Mirzapur, etc, and students of the Gurukul made arrangements to welcome him. Ram Prakash played interpreter and translated PM's and villagers' statements into Hindi and English, respectively.Though Ramgoolam left for the village after the convocation in afternoon, girls in traditional Haryanvi attire and women carrying pooja thalis were sitting in his wait since morning.Khanpur's Sarpanch Satpal said, \"India is known for its hospitality and we do not want to make any mistake while discharging duties of a good host.\" Ramgoolam sent a message that he had to rush to Mumbai and could not visit all villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817505", "title": "Jilted lover stabs partially blind woman", "text": "MUMBAI: A partially blind Nalasopara (E) woman was stabbed by her exboyfriend on Tuesday. Passersby caught the accused and handed him over to the cops.Shilpa Pabharekar (27) works as an acupressure specialist at Sahar. Around 9pm, she was returning home when her Deepak Gurav (35), a plumber, accosted her near the station. He asked her why she had rejected his marriage proposal. The two had an argument after which Gurav stabbed Shilpa on her neck, face, hand and chest. Shilpa and Gurav were dating for seven years. But she broke with him as he did not have a steady income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817294", "title": "'Honest' MCD engineer brutally beaten by goons", "text": "NEW DELHI: An MCD executive engineer with a reputation for honesty, who was pressing for stricter action against illegal constructions, was brutally attacked by unidentified men near Rajghat on Tuesday evening.Cops said the attack against Ansar Alam - who is in the ICU of a Daryaganj hospital with 25 stitches on his head and multiple fractures in his right leg - appeared to be a chilling message from the Walled City's builder mafia, whom the official had taken on after being drafted in the City zone to curb rampant illegal construction.Alam said no one came to his rescue as the attackers beat him up with bats and rods. The resident of Abul Faizal Enclave in Okhla was waiting for a bus outside gate 22 of IGI Stadium around 7.20pm when the attack took place. He had just attended a zonal meeting where he again pressed for more visible action against illegal constructions.\"Three men came on a bike and hit him on his head from behind. They neither robbed him nor tried to seize anything from him,'' said Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (Central). Police said the attack could have been life threatening.Alam's family said he was getting threatening calls for the past week from different phone numbers but the cops denied any knowledge of such threats. Transferred to City zone after the Chandni Mahal building collapse in September 2011, Alam had taken action against several buildings.\"He had taken action against illegal construction and was attacked. We are taking on the mafia but there is no protection for us,'' said Feroz Muzaffar, joint secretary of the MCD Engineers' Association. Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (Central), said a case under IPC section 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide) has been registered.\"In his statement, Alam said he had no personal enmity with anyone,\" the additional CP said. Cops said the assailants seemed to know Alam's daily routine. \"The engineer always boarded the bus to Okhla from this IGI stadium stop. He was probably followed from outside his office at Asaf Ali Road, at least 3km away. We are yet to arrest anyone,\" said an investigating officer. The victim's brother Anwar said, after the attack, Alam called up his colleagues and went to the Sanjeevani Hospital in Daryaganj on his own.\"There were four-five attackers and they were armed with bats and rods. By the time his colleagues could reach the spot, he had taken an auto to the hospital,'' claimed Anwar. Doctors have kept him under observation for 24 hours due to the serious nature of the injuries on his head. \"Doctors will do a CT-scan on Thursday to ascertain if there are any internal injuries. His leg is giving him a lot of pain,\" said Anwar. Alam had recently recovered from a paralytic attack. \"He has been on long leave as he suffered a paralytic attack last year. He is also a diabetic and has high blood pressure problem,'' said Anwar.Though there is a chargesheet against Alam, his colleagues claim he is an honest man. \"Chargesheets are filed against a lot of MCD engineers, but you can't hold them guilty till the charges are proved,'' said an engineer. MCD commissioner K S Mehra said, \"It is a serious incident and we will take up the matter with the police commissioner. We will ask for more police protection for our staff.\" The legislative wing of the MCD also condemned the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817384", "title": "To fly or not to fly...", "text": "Sahnewal airport rarely roars to life, what with just one flight scheduled to land and take off from there every day. But even one per day seems too big a number to manage as poor weather leads to cancellation of the sole flight on most occasions.On Wednesday, good cheer spread at the airport as the Ludhiana-New Delhi Air India flight finally landed there after 10 days. However, regular disruptions in flight schedule has discouraged the passengers from flying from and to Sahnewal, as the figures indicate Count on your fingersIn November, the flight had landed on November 5 and 17. December's sole journey was on 7th of the month. January was slightly better as the airport received fliers on 9th, 27th and 30th. February's first landing was on Wednesday (February 8).All in the skyWe were sceptical about the landing on Wednesday morning due to poor visibility but then the skies cleared and the flight touched downAmrik Singh | manager, air indiaLacking directionLack of DVOR, a navigational device, at Sahnewal airport is the main reason behind frequent cancellations. Though the installation process had started, the presence of 66kv high-tension wires in the way has slowed the progress. Airport authorities and Punjab State Power Corporation are at loggerhead over the shifting of wiresIndustry is facing a tough time due to the near non-operational airport. Our foreign dealers do not come here due to the inconvenience. Government needs to develop Sahnewal airport instead of wasting time on MachhiwaraKK Seth | owner of neelam cyclesFrequent cancellations means that we have to travel to Delhi via road. Once a client from Germany took the flight. It was such an exhausting experience that he vowed never to take the same air route hereRajnish Ahuja | rajnish industriesAir connectivity is must for industrialization of the city. Our city contributes 80% to the Punjab economy and even then we don't have a decent airport. It is shamefulS C Ralhan | owner of sri tools industry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820134", "title": "Ileana refuses to return advance?", "text": "Producer Mohan Natarajan demands that the actress pays back 40 lakh.Controversy's favourite child Ileana is in trouble again. Leading producer Mohan Natarajan has registered a complaint with the Producers Council, alleging that the actress hasn't returned the advance amount that he paid her for a film. The producer had earlier demanded that the actress be banned from both Kollywood and Tollywood as she refused to allocate dates for his film even after taking an advance!Going on record, Mohan Natarajan says, \"I signed on Ileana for a film with actor Vikram, which was to be directed by Boopathi Pandian. But, due to some reasons, the team was changed, and director Vijay came onboard. I had paid Ileana 40 lakh as advance, and when I approached her for dates for this project, she said she didn't have any. So, I went ahead and fixed Anushka for the lead and completed the project. When I asked Ileana to return the money, she refused to do so, stating that I had wasted her dates. Let alone shooting for a single scene, she hasn't even done a photoshoot for my film!\"He continues, \"According to the council rules, an artist has to return the advance if they are unable to honour their commitment. Even Shriya and Nayanthara have returned the token amount they had taken from their producers. Ileana hasn't been responding properly. I've registered a complaint with the Tamil Nadu Film Producers Council, and they said they will help me sort out this issue soon.\"Ileana was not available for response at the time of going to press. Her spokesperson said, \"She is currently shooting.\"Not very long ago, the Telugu film industry was abuzz with how the actress, despite charging a bomb, refused to get involved in the promotional activities of her films. Director Aswini Dutt even went ahead and lodged a complaint against her, claiming she didn't allocate enough dates to promote his film Shakti, in which she's paired opposite Jr NTR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11815796", "title": "Jobs most important for Muslim community", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslims hold the key in 55 assembly constituencies which voted on Wednesday and the turnout in almost all seats the community dominates was huge despite rain.In Sitapur, Muslims referred to party symbols and not to candidates. Junaid of Leherpur had this to say: \"The real contest here is between the hand and the cycle. The elephant has benefited some people through the housing scheme. The Muslim vote will get divided because many constituencies have more than three Muslim candidates.\"Clearly, there's more that's working in SP's favour. Mohammed Kamil, a potato trader, said: \"The SP MLA here did not build roads or improve the power situation in Sitapur city.He ensured that the broken walls of our Eidgah and burial grounds were repaired. And he is a Hindu. That gesture matters.\" In the 2007 assembly elections, BSP won 30, SP 18, BJP 4 and Congress 3 of the total 55 assembly seats which voted on Wednesday.In the 2009 LS polls, Congress and BSP won six seats each of the 13 in 10 districts. SP got only one. An assembly segment-wise analysis of the 2009 LS polls shows that Congress was ahead at 29, BSP in 15, SP in 9 and BJP in one. Clearly, the balance swung in Congress's favour in 2009 from the BSP in 2007. The reason was the shift of Muslims from BSP to Congress.In Barabanki, where Musims form 22% of the population, the phenomenon was visible at all polling stations. Irrespective of the bad weather, locals at Peer Batavan, a Muslim-dominated neighbourhood, saw over 65% voting by 4pm.Mohd Zeeshan who came to vote with his brothers said development and jobs were essentials. \"Every household needs food and money to survive and fulfill their dreams. Caste and religion don't matter if one has to go hungry.\".In Barabanki, where Musims form 22% of the total population, the phenomenon was extremely visible at all the polling stations. Irrespective of the bad weather and incoveniences of wating for hours in the serpentine queue, locals in Peer Batavan, a Muslim dominated locality saw over 65% voting by 4.00 pm.Mohd Zeeshan who had come with his brothers Mohammad Nihal and Ghulam Mustafa said that development of their village and jobs were essentials every youth needs. \"Every household needs food and money to survive and fulfill their dreams. Caste of religion do not matter if one has to go hungry,\" said Zeeshan.The elderly too were of the same opinion. \"We are not goats whom anyone can drive in one direction. It's time political parties should realise that we are people and not vote banks,\" said Munis Ansari, a weaver in Ramnagar area.Muslim women also actively participated in the poll process. Usually seen in large groups, these women also preferred development over anything else. \"If a man in the house is jobless how can his family stay happy,\" said Zariunisa Begum of Dariyabad.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11817953", "title": "Parrikar meets seafarers, vows to solve disputes", "text": "MARGAO: In a significant move that can appeal to the seafarer community, especially in the constituencies across Salcete taluka, leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar promised to address their long standing grievances if the BJP party is elected to power in the forthcoming assembly elections.Parrikar was addressing around 300 people consisting of women and retired seamen as well at private hotel near the office of Goa seamen association of India (GSAI)-who had convened the public meeting-on Wednesday, February 8.GSAI president Dixon Vaz earlier informed the crowd that Parrikar had called him when he (Parrikar) was in New Delhi and thus he asked Parrikar to tell all the seafarers what his plans were.\"These are the times of elections and I am not telling you who to vote for, that is your personal choice\" said Vaz while adding that ultimately the people's aim should be in seeing that their demands are met.Stating that all their grievances were serious in nature, Parrikar said that if he was elected as chief minister he would not only address all their grievances but would increase the ex-gratia amount being paid to retired seafarers from 200 to 2000 a month within 15 days of forming his government.\"Within three months I will see to it that a seafarer cell is formed with a seafarer commissioner as it takes that much time and please note that it was my government that stated the NRI commissioner office, added Parrikar.Parrikar further promised to create an insurance scheme that would cover loss of life, permanent damage due to injury and loss of employment within three months.\"We have had several meetings with the chief minister Digambar Kamat over the last year and he has only made empty promises\" added GSAI secretary Michael Beny Da Costa while criticizing the congress government for failing to sincerely address their grievances.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816806", "title": "Nurses to be penalized in case of fatalities", "text": "KOCHI: Penalties would be imposed on employee unions of nurses if any patient dies as a result of the ongoing nursing strike, the Kerala high court warned on Wednesday. While considering petitions related to the nursing strike, acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice PR Ramachandra Menon warned that the court would impose fines on unions of nurses if any patient dies as a result of the strike.While hearing a petition by Lakeshore Hospital against the nursing strike, the division bench consisting of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice PR Ramachandra Menon asked the hospital management to provide space within the campus itself to conduct peaceful agitation.The management should provide a place for conducting strike 50 metre away from the main entrance, the division bench ordered. Further, the court asked the hospital management to file an affidavit explaining clearly whether minimum wages, as stipulated by law in 2009, are paid to the nurses. The direction to file affidavit on minimum wages was issued after the counsel for nurses pointed out that as many as 100 nurses are being provided wages ranging from Rs 1,000 to Rs 3,000 per month.The hospital management's counsel challenged the direction to file affidavit on minimum wages stating that such a need was not included in the charter of demands put forward by the striking nurses.However, the court disagreed, and asked the management to file the affidavit whether the nurses have demanded it or not. The court also asked the counsel for nurses to make sure that no loudspeakers are used by the protestors. The counsel submitted to the court that the agitation is being conducted in a peaceful manner and a silent protest is being held to avoid disturbance to the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11815036", "title": "Cops extern 10 criminals from city", "text": "NASHIK: With rise in crime unabated and in a bid to ensure law and order ahead of the municipal corporation elections in the city, the deputy commissioner of police (zone 1),Sahebrao Patil, has issued externment orders against 10 criminals in the city during the past two days.\"While we have started the procedure (against 10 persons), orders on a few more wouldbe issued in a day or two,\" Patil said.Inthe last week of January, zone 1 crime branch had issued showcause notices to25 persons asking them on why they should not be externed. This list alsoincluded Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) member Suhas Kande and Gaurav Govardhane, Datta Wagh and Suresh Maru.Thenotice to Suhas Kande and some other names had raised eyebrows as he has thebacking of a large number of supporters and enjoys proximity to the Bhujbalclan. Though the police have initiated an inquiry on the bigger names on theirlist and people are awaiting an action regarding it, some officials also saythat that the people concerned do have the opportunity to go to the courtagainst their orders.Aboutthe other criminals, Patil said that inquiry and hearing of others is alsounder way. Considering their previous criminal background and the offences theyhave committed, the city police have taken the decision to extern those who areinvolved in \"body offences and property offences\".\"Theaction is necessary to keep the law and order of the city intact in the futureand also the fact that the civic elections are around the corner,\" Patil said,adding that apart from the orders, preventive action against hardened criminalsis also under way through regular nakabandis and combing operations.Inzone 1 of the city police commissionerate, nearly 33 criminals were picked upfrom Malhar Khan slum, Phule Nagar, Navnath Nagar, Waghadi, Ganesh Nagar,Panchasheel Nagar in Bhadrakali and Kabirnagar in Gangapur Road area among other places. However,Patil said that not all are detained and many of them had to be released afterverifying their current record.Meanwhile,from Wednesday, the city police started nakabandis during the day. All police stationshave been directed to conduct nakabandis. A strict vigil will be kept onhistory-sheeters and externed criminals who have entered the city, Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11815635", "title": "Illegal structures torn down", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has made plans to not only conduct a sealing drive for unauthorized commercial units operating out of residential plots, but also against all encroachers. To send the message across to all such norm violators, acting against illegal colonizers the Authority on Wednesday flattened nearly 40 acres of government land valued at about Rs 1,000 crore in sector 67. A junior engineer has been suspended and a case registered against 18 people at the sector 58 police station. Three have been arrested.Also, starting February 24, the Authority has warned that it will start taking up demolitions of all illegal constructions that have sprung up across the city.Led by the CEO, the deputy CEO and the administrative officer, the anti-encroachment cell of the Authority along with the district police removed unauthorized occupation from the land near Mamura village in a drive that lasted four hours. A dozen bulldozers demolished about 120 \"illegal\" shops that had been constructed in the area besides razing to the ground scores of plots carved out by the illegal colonizers. \"The land mafia has been very active and several persons had constructed pucca structures on Authority land. This land is worth Rs 1,000 crore and was acquired several years ago and earmarked for warehousing,\" said Capt SK Dwivedi, CEO, Noida. \"We will not tolerate any encroachments in the city and no one will be spared,\" he added.The CEO also said that defaulting officials will be taken to task as they are duty-bound to stop all illegal construction. \"Without the connivance of officials, such construction cannot be done. We are inquiring into the matter and identifying the staff involved. Strict action will be taken against anyone found guilty,\" said Dwivedi. He also said that instructions will be given so that no registry of such plots in unauthorized areas or illegal colonies takes place. \"If rules are violated, officials will be held liable for it,\" said the CEO.Also, in an attempt to bring \"some order\" in the city and to deal with rampant \"unauthorized\" constructions and encroachment, the Authority recently announced via a public notice that from February 24 it will flatten illegal constructions that have been built in residential, industrial, institutional and commercial areas. \"We will not only bring down such structures, but will also bill the violators for the demolition process undertaken and recover the charges from them,\" an Authority official said.Having received complaints from local residents and Resident Welfare Associations about unauthorized land use and widespread encroachment of vacant plots and pavements by residents, trespassers, vendors and slum dwellers, the Authority documented a new policy to check encroachments in Noida. \"Random structures that have come up on the storm-water drains, unauthorized car parking slots, shops, gardens, ramps and the likes at various places, will be brought down,\" the official warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11817710", "title": "TNEB oversight holds up insurance claim for 7 years", "text": "CHENNAI: After losing her husband Mohammed Salim, Kismath Begum saw her son Alisaprin take his place at the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) office in Sivaganga under a compassionate appointment. But when her son also passed away in a fire accident on May 1, 2004, she was left to fend for herself.Despite being the sole nominee of her son's life insurance policy, Kismath's claim was turned down with the Life Insurance Corporation of India, which said it did not receive the premium amount from February to April 2004 from the office of the executive engineer (distribution), TNEB. The State Consumer Disputes' Redressal Commission ( SCDRC) has now sided with Kismath and directed the manager of the LIC's Sivaganga branch to pay 1 lakh towards the claim amount.According to Kismath, her son took the policy on December 15, 2003 at a monthly premium of 277. LIC said Alisaprin agreed to pay the first two premiums by himself but gave an authorization letter stating that the remaining premiums would be directly recovered by the TNEB from his monthly salary.While the department said it had received no such authorization letter, no evidence was submitted to substantiate this claim.The insurance firm, however, produced a letter listing seven employees' willingness to have the monthly premium recovered from their salary. Alisaprin was among these employees, with the letter containing details such as his policy number, premium amount and assured sum.The company went on to add that while the premium amount for three people had been recovered, the department did not do so for the rest, \"for reasons best known to them.\"Subsequently, documents were produced to show that the department had recovered the premium from the monthly salaries of Jayakumar, Kalidass and Jayaraj in February 2004. Alisaprin's salary slip indicated no recovery was made.Pointing out that the TNEB \"could not escape liability for non-recovery of premium\" when it was proved that Alisaprin had, indeed, given an authorization letter to do so, a bench of A K Annamalai, presiding judicial member, and S Sambandam, member, directed the company to pay Kismat 1 lakh towards the insurance claim amount. The bench added that the monthly premiums due for February, March and April 2004 could be deducted from the claim amount. A sum of 2,000 was ordered as cost of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "11817588", "title": "Loot and scoot bride racket continues to flourish", "text": "BHIWANI: As vulnerable Haryana youths continue to be taken in by 'loot-and-scoot' brides, the government authorities are considering keeping a record of brides being brought to the state from other states. This would help the police to keep a tab on unscrupulous brides as well as to track gangs involved in human trafficking to protect innocent women and girls hailing from other states.According to reports, gangs involved in forcibly bringing girls as well as bands of cheat brides have been flourishing in Haryana, which has a wide gap between men in the marriageable age vis-a-vis women due to low sex ratio.In a recent incident, a 35-year-old man Kailash Kumar of Kungar village in Bhiwani district was lured by a woman who married him and then decamped with cash and jewellery from his home soon after marriage. Kailash, a daily wager, has lodged a complaint with the police in this regard. His wife Meena Devi, from Katkarkila village in Bareilly district of Uttar Pradesh is untraceable. Kailash told the TOI on Wednesday that after failing to find a bride for himself in Haryana, he started looking for a match in other states by asking people known to him to find a bride for him. A person from Bhiwani approached him with an offer of marriage and the wedding was solemnized on January 30.\"All was going smoothly till I found my wife missing from our room on Monday night at about 3am. I looked for her in our house and later, I launched a hunt to trace her in the village along with my family members. We inquired about the middleman involved in the marriage too but he too couldn't be traced. We later found that Meena had taken Rs 45,000 and some jewellery with her before fleeing\", Kailash said. The Bawani Khera SHO Dharamchand Yadav said they had no clues about the whereabouts of the bride so far.According to police sources around 15 such incidents were reported from across the state last year and these brides have not been traced so far. \"These women in fact seem to be part of a racket wherein gangs lured gullible males from the state who have crossed the marriageable age but still wanted to settle down in life,\" said a police source.Additional director general of police (ADGP) B S Sandhu told TOI that in view of repeated reports of human trafficking, besides cases of loot-and-scoot brides coming to light, the police was considering taking some measures. \"We have a proposal to keep a record of brides hailing from other states at the local police stations concerned across the state. It will help the police to deal with complaints related to them,\" he said, while adding that a decision is likely to be taken in a couple of days.Jaswanti, a woman activist who runs a shelter home for destitute women and children in Rohtak maintained that apart from loot-and-scoot brides, the incidents of trafficking of girls including minors were quite glaring. \"If the police and the district authorities with the help of local panchayat keep track of brides coming from outside the state, it will also help in checking incidence of trafficking,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817916", "title": "Is it Dinar vs Babush in St Cruz?", "text": "PANAJI: Builder-turned- mining tycoon and former Panaji Congress candidate Dinar Tarcar on Wednesday joined Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party and is likely to challenge education minister and Congress candidate Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate in St Cruz.Tarcar on Wednesday morning resigned from congress primary membership to join MGP.\"Today (Wednesday) Dinar Tarcar has joined MGP, he is likely to contest from St Cruz constituency on MGP ticket. A final decision on his candidature will be taken at the MGP parliamentary committee meeting which is scheduled on Thursday\" said Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavlikar, president of MGP.BJP-MGP alliance leaders say St Cruz seat was allotted to BJP and Tivim seat was allotted to MGP but now the two parties have decided to exchange the seats. \"MGP will contest from St Cruz and BJP will contest from Tivim. Both parties realized that they can do better if Tivim and St Cruz seats are exchanged between them\" added DhavlikarDhavlikar also said that alliance candidate will put a decent fight against Babush to win the election.Sources said that Dinar is close to Parrikar for more than a year now. In the Corporation of City of Panaji (CCP) elections held last year, Dinar had apparently worked against the panel floated by Monserrate. The miner's name was discussed by the BJP as its candidate for St Cruz sometime ago but to prevent the party from getting exposed over illegal mining, they exchanged the seats and Dinar is on an MGP ticket, it is said.Speaking to media persons Tarcar said that he has decided to join the MGP because he had family relations with MGP. \"I think that time has come to strengthen the regional party and that is the reason I have decided to join MGP\" he added.He said that over the last five years, baring a few ministries, there was no governance in the state. Tarcar also said St Cruz is not new for him as he has \"studied in Merces and I was always in touch with the people of St Cruz constituency.\"Tarcar also said \"I am ready to face any inquiry on illegal mining and the issue will not haunt him during elections\". Tarcar's name allegedly figured in Public Accounts Committee report on illegal mining which was prepared by leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar.MGP will announce the remaining list of four candidates in St Cruz, Dabolim, Nuvem and Benaulim on Thursday said Deepak Pravin Zantye quit the Congress on Wednesday as he was denied the ticket for the Mayem seat. In 2007, he lost the seat to BJP's Anand Shet by around 500 votes and this time around, he didn't find favour with the high command.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816206", "title": "Government's treasure trove: Gifts netas got, and what they took home", "text": "MUMBAI: In the expansive corridors of the ministry of external affairs, there's an interesting 'section' that few citizens are aware of. It's the gift chest of the Indian government or the 'toshakhana', where ministers, bureaucrats and dignitaries are supposed to deposit all the gifts they receive on their trips abroad.The toshakhana stores some amazing presents, from jewellery, silverware and paintings to wine and even couture (Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was, strangely enough, once presented with two golden embroidered gowns which still lie here).Recently, RTI activist Subhash Agrawal sought details on the toshakhana-what sort of gifts were deposited, what they were valued at and who bought what.As per a June 1978 gazette, each gift is assessed by the ministry of external affairs and a rate is assigned to it based on its worth in the Indian market. The recipient can then pay the price and take the gift home.The information sought by Agrawal revealed that in 2011, the toshakhana saw 168 presents deposited, of which 141 are still there unsold. The largest contributor to the treasure trove was PM Manmohan Singh, followed by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi . \"But as one sifts through the list, one notices that just about a dozen people have deposited their gifts. Most of the others are either unaware that they have to be deposited or take them home regardless,\" says Agrawal.Of all the gifts in the toshakhana, Sonia has deposited the most expensive one (a vanity case and a purse valued at Rs 50,000). Next was a kada (bangle) worth Rs 49,250 received by the PM's wife Gursharan Kaur. A vase given to the PM, valued at Rs 40,000, and an iPad given to foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai (Rs 32,000) are among the other high-value gifts. As opposed to these, there are some that have been assessed at ridiculously low rates-a vase deposited by opposition leader Sushma Swaraj , for instance, has been valued at a mere Rs 50. Of the 54 gifts given to the PM, many are valued at a few hundreds, the cheapest ones being a glass box and a wall hanging and a mat at Rs 200 each.But leaving all those back in the toshakhana, the PM chose to take some of the collector's items home, including a Meissen tea set, for which he paid the government Rs 4,000, a chess board (Rs 3,000), a carpet (Rs 10,000), a stone-studded wall piece (Rs 2,000), a crafted silver box (Rs 13,000) and two Avoova Ostrich Eggshell bowls (Rs 4,000).One dignitary who reportedly took home every gift he received was vice-president Hamid Ansari, who paid Rs 1,500 for a copper alloy bowl, Rs 2,000 for a porcelain tea set, Rs 2,000 for a hand-painted glass bowl, Rs 500 for a silver framed mirror and Rs 2,500 for a porcelain bowl with a cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11817600", "title": "Wrestler Lokesh unconscious, police gropes in dark", "text": "KARNAL: Officials investigating the incident of throwing out wrestler Lokesh from a moving train near Bazida village in the district remained clueless in the matter on Wednesday as the victim, undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Karnal, is yet to regain consciousness.Officials said the 18-year-old wrestler opened his eyes for a brief while during which he told them that he was pushed from the train by four-five students, who were in uniform, but could not reveal other details.SHO, railway police station, Dharmpal, who is investigating the case, said that doctors had forbidden them from meeting Lokesh. Further action in the case could be initiated only after recording the statement of the wrestler, he said.Doctors attending on the wrestler, who had bagged several national and international medals and was attending a training camp at SAI's Chaudhary Devi Lal Stadium at Bahalgarh in Sonipat district, said he had sustained multiple injuries in head, backbone, arms and legs, but his condition had stablised.Lokesh, hailing from Kamlapur village near Muzzafarnagar in UP, was undergoing training for sub-junior cadet wrestling championship in Thailand scheduled next month, said his brother Pradeep Kumar. The family had high hopes about him, but the incident has pushed his career into uncertainty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817018", "title": "Tipsy pilot loses flying licence", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the strictest ever action against pilots reporting drunk for work, a private airline commander's flying licence was cancelled on Wednesday for five years - effectively ending his flying career in India. The captain failed the pre-flight breath analyser test twice, this after his licence was suspended for three months the first time.The pilot was among 12 flight crew - four commanders and eight airhostesses - found tipsy at work in January, making it one of the worst months ever on this count. All 12 failed the new alco sensor-IV system mandated by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, which crew can't beat by not exhaling.\"Under the new civil aviation requirement, second-time punishment is suspending the licence for five years - something effected for the first time on Wednesday,\" said a source.The pilot was among 12 flight crew - four commanders and eight airhostesses - found tipsy at work in January, making it one of the worst months ever on this count.Sources said of the 12 offenders, one commander belonged to Air India; the rest were all from private airlines. \"Three cabin crew members refused to undergo the breath analyser test using alco sensor-IV, as they may have mastered the art of bluffing the older system by holding in their breath. They were deemed to have failed the test as per the rules. Five blew into the new machine and were caught,\" said sources.Flight crew are not allowed to drink 12 hours before operating flights. Besides the tougher breathalyser, truant crew face action under new, stringent laws mandated by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817251", "title": "Naliya shivers at 0.8\u00b0C", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Naliya was the coldest town in the state recording minimum temperature of 0.8 degrees celcius on Wednesday. This is the second lowest in the decade. The lowest was recorded two years ago at 0.4 degrees on February 7, 2008. Weather officials said that Naliya bears the brunt of maximum cold waves as compared to nearby districts due to its location and surroundings. In the past decade, Naliya has experienced maximum --30 days of cold wave and 20-days of severe cold wave. \"The area is open, has less vegetation and is sandy, and thus the place suffers drastic cold and heat bouts under such conditions\", director of IMD (Gujarat) Kamaljit Ray said. This winter, a total 25-days of cold wave has prevailed over Naliya when temperatures dipped more than five degrees below normal. Of these, seven days were affected by severe cold wave wherein the temperature dropped more than seven degrees below normal. In most parts of the state, both maximum and minimum temperatures were recorded more than 5 degrees below normal. The severe cold wave conditions will affect Gujarat for the next two days and temperatures will normalize after February 10. tnnWINTER IN NALIYALowest in past 10 years2002 6.7 deg C on Feb 9200336.6 deg C on Dec 292004 6.8 deg C on Dec 2620053.0 deg C on Feb 2920062.7 deg C on Jan 420071.8 deg C on Feb 220080.4 deg C on Feb 720096.8 deg C on Dec 820103.0 deg C on Feb 1820112.0 deg C on Jan 1620120.8 deg C on Feb 8All time lowest 0.4 deg C on Feb 7, 2008", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817760", "title": "Angry mob sets bus afire", "text": "NAGPUR: A furious mob set a Nagpur-based private luxury bus on fire after the vehicle dashed against a bullock cart near Janglapur, around 20km from Wardha, in which three persons sustained injuries. The injured, including a couple, were rushed to Sewagram hospital.Sources in Wardha said that the packed bus was headed towards Yavatmal when the incident took place. Farmers were returning after the day's work when the bus hit one of the bullock carts near a bend on Nagpur-Wardha road.Narayan and his wife Usha Kolhe, and Nanda Lonare were seriously injured. An angry mob immediately started pelting stones at the bus. The driver fled while the passengers got down before the residents set the bus ablaze. Selu police rushed to bring the situation under control.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11819560", "title": "How IT is making govt responsive", "text": "The government is seen as slow, bureaucratic and corrupt. But in recent times, in several services, it has dramatically transformed itself with the use of technology, sometimes in partnership with the private sector.It started with the spectacularly successful railway online reservation system, but has since moved to newer areas, thereby substantially reducing hassles, paper work and corruption, and accelerating the speed of delivery of services. In some cases, the scale of the service is so massive that it is lowering the prices of IT services and products, and generating new lessons for the global IT industry.Refund in 55 days, without bribe About 1.15 crore of the 2.32 crore income tax returns filed so far in this assessment year (2011-12) have been done online. Two more months of this year remain, and the trend is expected to continue. And it would mean that 50% of the total returns filed would be e-filed. That's a jump from 30% last year, and 17% the year before that.Consider some more facts. The pace at which e-filed returns is processed is so fast that the Central Processing Centre (CPC) this year has already almost run out of forms to process. Barring some exceptions, every one of those who filed by July and for who refunds were due, have already been refunded (about 60 lakh refunds). Prior to e-filing, refunds took up to 18 months, now on average it's down to 55 days.Sanjai Kumar Verma, commissioner of income tax in charge of the CPC, expects the e-filed proportion to rise to 70% next year. \"In a few years, only those in remote areas and those who are not technologically savvy will remain with paper filing,\" Verma says.The CPC, set up in collaboration with Infosys Technologies in Bangalore, does everything related to returns processing and tax refunds under one roof. It contains a banking division that issues the refund cheques and a Speed Post service to deliver the refund cheques. Even the process of inserting cheques inside envelopes and sealing the envelopes is automated.Before the CPC, much of the process was manually done and in different centres around the country. And obtaining refunds was often a huge hassle for people, and invariably involved a bribe. Today, you can e-file from anywhere -- no running around to income tax offices -- and it's a process you can complete in a few minutes. And if you have everything in order, you would not have to chase anybody for a refund.And it could get better. TCS has recently been contracted to handle the e-filing engine. Verma says it is expected to create a more user-friendly e-filing website, including facilities like having some of your details pre-filled in the returns form (if you have provided these details on registration or in previous e-filed returns). A call centre separate from the one that already exists to handle processing issues is being set up to handle e-filing issues.On the processing side, work is on to increase capacity, and even to do away with the one major irritating aspect of e-filing - the process of sending the ITR-V acknowledgement form by post to the CPC (about 20 lakh e-filers this year have not sent the ITR-V form yet). This last involves legal issues (it may be unreasonable to expect all e-filers to have digital signatures), but the I-T department is looking at ways to overcome that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816223", "title": "Commuters and motormen demand improved security", "text": "Commuters and motormen have demanded better security measures against muggers who launch attacks from railway poles. \"The most vulnerable stretches on Western Railway (WR) are Khar-Santacruz, Khar-Bandra and Bandra-Mahim. The muggers mostly operate in duos or trios and wait for a train to slow down so that they can attack a commuter standing on the footboard,\" said a WR motorman.He said there was not much movement on tracks along these stretches, which emboldens pole robbers. At Bandra, to evade arrests, they hide in mangroves after committing their crime.P N Gupta, general secretary, Western Railway Motormen's Association ( WRMA), said, \"These criminals usually operate during the evening peak hours when it is difficult to spot them.\"On Central Railway (CR) tracks, pole robbers are present between Sandhurst Road and Byculla. A CR official said, \"I have observed adolescents indulge in such crime. They usually do not wear a shirt, cover their face with cloth and stand with a stick in hand to strike at commuters who carry cellphones or bags. The unexpected hit usually forces a commuter to drop valuables.\"Spots near Mumbra tunnel, Kopri Bridge in Thane, Netivali Bridge near Kalyan railway station, Waldhuni tunnel and Vithalwadi are also considered vulnerable.Sayyed Nazima, vice president, Mumbai Rail Pravashi Sangh, said, \"Railway officials should appoint additional staff to monitor trouble spots intensely and more frequently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "the hall of shame in the bjp's first government down south has just got bigger with three new inductees", "code": "11816280", "title": "BJP shame toll touches record 11", "text": "The Hall of Shame in the BJP's first government down South has just got bigger with three new inductees: Laxman Savadi, C C Patil and Krishna Palemar.Though nearly one-third of the ministers in the previous Yeddyurappa government had resigned on charges ranging from rape to corruption, this is first time three ministers were forced to resign under Sadananda Gowda government, which completed six months recently.In the 44 months since the BJP government took charge of state, the total toll has gone up to 11, a record of sorts in the political history of the state. Prominent among those who resigned is former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa who quit after his name figured in the final report of Lokayukta on illegal mining. Three ministers from Bellary -- G Janardhana Reddy, G Karunakar Reddy and B Sriramulu -- also quit under similar charges.The first to go was housing minister Es En Krissnaiah Setty in 2010. Besides being accused of pledging forged documents to get a bank loan of Rs 7.17 crore (a case being probed by the CBI), Setty was charged with irregularities in a Karnataka Housing Board land scam.The most embarrassing situation for the Yeddyurappa government was when food and civil supplies minister H Halappa resigned on rape and other charges earlier in 2011.Medical education minister Ramachandra Gowda had to resign following his alleged involvement in a recruitment scam in government medical colleges. The other ministers who resigned are S K Bellubbi, V Somanna, Shobha Karandlaje and Eshwarappa. Bellubbi was dropped to accommodate Umesh Katti, an MLA who left the JD(S) to join the BJP.Somanna, after deserting the Congress, was made a minister and enjoyed the position for little over two months. He had to resign after losing a byelection to Congress novice Priya Krishna.Rural development minister Karandlaje was next to go; the Reddy brothers had openly sought her removal. She had to pay the price because of her proximity to Yeddyurappa but was later inducted into the ministry by Yeddyurappa. Eshwarappa had to resign following his elevation to the presidentship of the state BJP.Six ministers Anand Asnotikar,Balachandra L Jarkiholi, M Venkataramanappa, D Sudhakar, Shivraj S Thangdagi and PM Narendraswamy were dropped following their revolt against the leadership.Ministers Arvind Limbavali, Goolihatti D Shekar and K Shivannagouda Naik were dropped by Yeddyurappa during the cabinet reshuffle in September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11816850", "title": "Clampdown in Nadapuram to contain violent incidents", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The police have imposed restrictions in Nadapuram where sporadic violence has threatened to scuttle the tenuous peace established with much effort. District police chief (rural) T K Rajmohan said shops will be closed by 8 pm and motor bikes will not be allowed to ply after 10 pm.\"Two platoons of additional force will be deployed besides one company of the Malabar Special Police, which is already on the field,\" said Rajmohan, who is camping in Nadapuram. The ban order will be in force for three days. A meeting of the peace committee, convened by the Vadakara tehsildar, reviewed the situation. At the meeting both the LDF and the UDF blamed the police for allowing the situation to go out of hand.The fresh bout of violence began with the clash between the MSF and the SFI activists at the MET Arts College. Students from both sides were admitted to the hospital after they sustained injuries. Situation worsened when a clash erupted on Tuesday night near the residence of the judicial first class magistrate where the DYFI workers were produced.Nadapuram has remained relatively calm after the murder of CPM activist Binu at Kallachi in 2001. Binu, who was allegedly involved in a molestation incident, was murdered in broad daylight at the bus stand, which triggered a large-scale violence in Nadapuram, Kuttiady, and Valayam. The state-level leaders of the IUML and the CPM sat together for several rounds to broker a peace accord.Bilateral discussions were held at local level and joint committees were formed to ensure that minor incidents do not get snowballed into riots. Though there were minor skirmishes, Nadapuram was peaceful till 2010. Soopy Narikkatteri and M P Soopy, two IUML local leaders, suffered serious injuries when bombs were hurled against them on the day of the elections to the local bodies in October 2010. Houses belonging to both sides came under heavy attack after the incident.Five IUML supporters died in accidental bomb blast at Narikkatteri in February 2011 when they were making country bombs. They were apparently preparing for a counter attack on the houses of CPM workers at Payamthongu where the houses of IUML workers came under attack the previous day. Since then, Nadapuram has been sitting on a powder keg that could explode at any moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816606", "title": "A star war now on Facebook", "text": "KOCHI: There is a major star war on Facebook with Mammootty and Mohanlal going neck and neck with regard to virtual friends. Though, it has been a couple of years since these two entered the web world, it was only in the last month that their fan base saw a two-fold increase.Though the social networking site has been used by film stars in other languages to promote their films for quite some time, the Malayalam superstars and their fans realized the strength of this media only recently. It was only after the number of Mammootty's friends touched the one lakh mark that Mohanlal's fans woke up. The next few days saw about 75,000 friends being added to Lal's list, an increase by 100%.Now actormohanlal, the FB account run by Mohanlal fans, has around 1,54,000 friends, while mr.mammootty.com, the account owned by Mammootty, has around 1,40,000 friends.\"On Facebook, there are some seven or eight groups in the name of Mohanlal. These had been created by his fans, and not Lalettan. Netizen's support to Lalettan had thus remained scattered. So, we decided to promote one of the accounts. That's how the number jumped in a short span,\" said S Sajeevan, general secretary, Worldwide Online Mohanlal Fans Association. \"It was only six months since Mammukka became active on FB. Since then his posts have been getting wide response. However, other stars who claim wide fan base on FB, get poor response to their posts,'' said Abdul Manaf, CEO, Easy Software, the designers of Mammootty's website.\"We do not use any tactics to increase the fan base. It's Mammukka's own account and he uses it to interact with netizens on a wide range of socially relevant issues. Moreover, the increase in the number of his friends happened not overnight, but at a steady pace,\" Manaf added.Some Malayalam stars have reportedly been employing social media strategy companies to increase their fan base overnight. Such companies make use of hacked FB accounts to add more friends to their clients,\" an IT expert said.These stars have also begun to focus more on promoting their films through FB. They have realized that most films disappear from cinemas after a week or so, and that the initial collection hence plays a crucial role in the producer getting his money back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816608", "title": "India, Indonesia to hold maiden combat drill", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of their expanding bilateral strategic ties, India and Indonesia are all set to launch their first-ever joint combat exercise later in February after holding their first army-to-army staff talks in last April.Crack troops from the two armies will hold the counter-terror exercise at the Indian Army's specialized counter-insurgency and jungle warfare school at Variengte in Mizoram from February 20 to March 4.\"The exercise will also witness top military observers from Indonesia. We are boosting military ties with Indonesia, a key state in south-east Asia, as part of the overall strategic partnership. We had also hosted their president as the chief guest during our Republic Day celebrations last year,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817731", "title": "Teacher takes civic poll battle to high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday heard a petition filed by an independent questioning the constitutional legality of the February 16 civic elections. The court will hear the matter again on Thursday, giving time to the state election commission (SEC) to file its explanation.\"The court has given us time to prepare our explanation. Beyond this I can't comment now,\" said advocate Sachin Shetye, who is representing the SEC.Anagha Atit Kolhe, a teacher and an independent from ward 115, Powai, said in her petition, that the SEC had violated guidelines under Sections 25, 26 and 27 of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation Act, under which there should be a mandatory difference of 21 days between the day of election (last day of filing nominations) and actual polling day. The last day of nomination was January 31 and polling day is February 16, which does not add up to a 21 days. \"By this logic, ideally the elections should have been scheduled on February 21. But the SEC has not fulfilled its duty and by delaying the process has hurt the chances of many candidates, especially those contesting independently. By the rule book, the elections are illegal,\" Kolhe told ToI.This is not the first time the election process in the state has been questioned. Last week, the high court came down heavily on the SEC for not being able to verify caste certificates accompanying nomination forms of candidates by a vigilance cell.HC admits plea on negative voting Swati Deshpande | TNNMUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Wednesday admitted a plea by Dr Mahesh Vijay Bedekar challenging rules governing negative voting during civic elections that compromise a voter's secrecy. The petition challenged provisions of Section 49 (O) of the conduct of electoral rules 196 and provisions of Section 17 of the election rules to Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act, which its advocate Sanjiv Gorwadkar said violated a citizen's constitutional right of a secret ballot if he/she wishes 'not to vote'. The provision requires the voter to fill in form 17-A at the booth to exercise the right not to vote for any candidate. The court did not pass any interim order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816742", "title": "Aluva municipality questions Metro alignment over revenue", "text": "KOCHI: Aluva municipality on Wednesday challenged the revised alignment for Kochi metro rail project from Aluva to Petta in Tripunithura stating that it would demolish three shopping complexes coming under the municipality. It also stated that the project can use puramboke (waste) land, if it sticks to the original alignment.Through an affidavit filed by secretary P Vijayan at the Kerala high court, municipality contends that the original alignment would have caused minimal loss of revenue to the municipality by using puramboke land mostly whereas the new alignment would result in demolition of three shopping complexes, a major source of income to the municipality. As per the original alignment, metro rail would have started from the western side of Aluva railway station, pass through mini civil station premises and reach Pulinchode junction.The new alignment would begin at Aluva bypass junction, which in turn result in the demolition of most of the buildings in the commercial area, the municipality said. In a meeting held on September 9 last year, the municipality passed a resolution against the new alignment for the metro rail project. Municipality had requested the authorities concerned to reconsider the alignment of metro project.Meanwhile, reacting to the TOI story which appeared on Tuesday-DMRC draft may derail Metro plans -Kochi Metro Rail Ltd said the company or its spokespersons were not aware of any such developments as mentioned in the news item. However, TOI stands by its story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815876", "title": "Sena has the most Rabri Devis in fray", "text": "MUMBAI: They will be known as the quintessential Rabri Devis, looking upon their husbands for guidance if they get elected as corporators in the February 16 civic elections. They are the better halves of corporators who have procured tickets not based on merit but as their husbands cannot contest in wards reserved for women.With 50% seats reserved for women this time, 'parivaar politics' will continue to reign, with a greater thrust on proxy candidates.Out of 18 wives who are contesting, the Shiv Sena has fielded 11, Congress two and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) five.The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) is the only party that has not issued tickets to corporators' wives.Manisha Patil will contest from ward 37, Goregaon (E), where her husband Sadashiv is a Sena corporator. \"There was a ticket available. Experience comes only after working, and it is the next step,\" said Sadashiv.Sena's Pramila Shinde (ward 51, Goregaon-E) is no novice when it comes to handling civic issues. \"My husband Dilip is a three-time corporator. I've followed his work. I would like to focus on redeveloping slums and take up women-related issues,\" said Pramila.NCP's Mangesh Bansod's wife Smita will contest from ward 202, Byculla. \"Although a housewife, I will be there to help her to learn the ropes. She's a founder member of the NCP and a graduate, so I don't think she will have a problem,\" said Mangesh.Sena's Sanjay Potnis prefers not to refer to the wives as Rabri Devis. His wife Sunayana will contest from ward 83, Santa Cruz (E). \"My neighbouring wards are the BJP's and I didn't want to cut down on their votes. Hence, I made my wife stand for elections. She may be a housewife, but she was a corporator in 2002. Do not compare her to Rabri Devi. We have to win back our seats and people like our work. It's not important who is the coporator, it's important that issues are resolved. They should be available 24 hours, be it the wife, son or an uncle,\" said Potnis.Vishwanath Mahadeshwar of the Sena, who was disqualified in 2007 for being unable to procure a caste certificate, has fielded his wife, Pooja from ward 86, Santa Cruz (E). \"She has not got a ticket because she's my wife. My wife has been working with the Sena and is educated. Till you get married, you don't get experience. Similarly, till you work on the field, you won't know the working of the administration. She runs a private school in Santa Cruz and is a teacher and trustee there,\" said Mahadeshwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817585", "title": "Pvt schools plan change of EWS seats to general", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Parents who had been looking forward to admitting their children to private schools can hope for some good news. These schools might convert the unclaimed EWS seats to the general category, as more than 75% seats are still vacant. However, the parents will have to wait for some days till the administration's green signal. The administration has asked the schools to submit details about the total seats and those vacant, before February 15. Of the around 3,000 EWS seats, less than 1,000 seats have been filled in 73 private schools.President of Independent Schools Association (ISA) H S Mamik said, \"We are not disobeying the administration, but we need to meet our expenses and cannot leave the seats empty. The administration has told us that it would not pay us for the vacant seats.\"He said, \"The child mapping report has mentioned that there are not many students for the EWS seats under the RTE Act.\"UT education secretary V K Singh said, \"We are making efforts to get the maximum number of children enrolled under the EWS quota. There is still time for the academic session to start and the schools should not hurry. We need to understand that the population growth rate in this census has declined which is why so many seats are still vacant.\"District education officer Ram Kumar Sharma said, \"The schools should accommodate maximum number of students till February 15, then send us the details about the vacant seats. Further action shall be decided later.\"UT administration has asked 60 city-based NGOs associated with Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan to step in and spread awareness regarding RTE Act and the importance of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11817471", "title": "He loves taking road less travelled", "text": "LUDHIANA: Entrepreneur Gaurav Chopra loves to take the road less travelled. That is why this braveheart travelled to Pune from Ludhiana and back by road, something that not many people would love to do.It started somewhere in December last year when a thought came in his mind after he received a wedding invitation of his close friends, Neerav and Aakansha. Since then he was restless to plan this adventurous trip.Resident of Model Gram, Gaurav said on January 20 at 9.30pm, began his long journey from home. On January 21 at 10.15pm, he was in Mumbai having a sumptuous dinner at Oberoi, Malad.He said his friends were amazed to hear that he had covered 2,000 kms in just 26 hours with stops only for fuel and short bites. The next few days were spent in Vibhuti, 60 km from Pune, where a Ganesha temple was consecrated and followed on with a camp organized by Chinmaya Mission. He left for Mumbai again on January 26 to attend his friend's bachelor's party followed by sangeet, mehandi, wedding and reception during the next 3 days. After the wedding, it was time for him to gear up for the road trip again. He said he left Mumbai late night on January 29 and on January 31, he was back at office in the morning, much to the shock and surprise of his colleagues.He said he has added an accolade to his CV, a very different experience, picture perfect views, scenic roads, coupled with Rs 2,800 just for the toll and another Rs 14,000 for the fuel. It indeed was the road less taken. Gaurav has been on numerous road and bike trips before, be it to Manali, Leh Ladhak or Amritsar.\"You are a wild adventurous maniac\", his friends commented on his return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817858", "title": "Has enough been done to develop sports in the state?", "text": "There is no such thing as enough. However, we need to utilize and appreciate the facilities we have. We need to make use of the infrastructure in the right way. At the grass root level, we need support from parents. Sportspersons have exposure but the activities need to be organized better. Timings have to be looked into. We need to ensure that kids are supervised by dedicated coaches.Xixto Paismanager kix, VascoThe concerned authorities are trying their best. There are many tournaments to give exposure and promote sports among the youth. Goa is far ahead as compared to other states and there are many activities. However, there is always scope for improvement. More camps can be organized, perhaps even a sports festival. More training is needed for coaches to help them interact better and produce better talent.Maymol RockyFootball coach, VascoOnly a sport like cricket is being encouraged. Apart from this no other sport is developed. Lack of infrastructure is the main reason for this. Government only gives assurance to encourage sports man and women but does very little.Sneha Sabnissportswoman, SanquelimUnder government schemes, students who participate in games at the taluka, zilla and state level are supposed to get marks. Unfortunately, these games are not conducted on time. This affects students who are interested in sports. Besides, many schools do not have good facilities for sports like playgrounds.Ravindra Naik,teacher, PondaYou can follow the debate online on www.timesofindia.com at SpeakOut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816786", "title": "Court says no to waiver of interest on education loans", "text": "KOCHI: A public interest litigation demanding waiver of interest on educational loans availed by nursing students was summarily dismissed by the Kerala high court on Wednesday.Turning down the plea of Kottayam-based Association for Social Rights, division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice PR Ramachandra Menon observed that if PILs like these are entertained, no financial institution would come forward to extend educational loans.The PIL had highlighted the plight of Princy Rachel Jacob, a nursing student who availed an educational loan of Rs 1,46,000 from SBT's Kanjikuzhy branch in 2003 and has now got to pay back a total of Rs 2,01,099. As the central government's notification for Central Scheme to provide Interest Subsidy (CSIS) was made applicable to educational loans for nursing students, no interest waiver can be availed by a majority of nursing students at present.Though the chief minister and union finance minister have proposed extension of CSIS to educational loans prior to 2009, no decision has been taken on the issue so far. The petitioner says the present loan repayment period of 7 years is too short for educational loans, and should be extended to facilitate easy repayment.A public interest litigation demanding interest waiver for educational loans availed by nursing students was summarily dismissed by the Kerala High Court on Wednesday.Turning down the plea of Kottayam-based Association for Social Rights, division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice PR Ramachandra Menon observed that if PILs like these are entertained, no financial institution would come forward to extend educational loans.The PIL had highlighted the plight of Princy Rachel Jacob, a nursing student who availed an educational loan of Rs 1,46,000 from SBT's Kanjikuzhy branch in 2003 and is now asked to pay back a total of Rs 2,01,099.As central government's notification for Central Scheme to provide Interest Subsidy (CSIS) was made applicable to educational loans for nursing students, no interest waiver can be availed by a majority of nursing students at present, the petition said.Though the chief minister and union finance minister has proposed extension of CSIS to educational loans prior to 2009, no decision has been taken yet on the issue, the petition says. Further, the petitioner states that the present loan repayment period of 6 to 7 years is too short for educational loans, and should be extended to facilitate easy repayment by nursing students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11819838", "title": "Shakti Kapoor's son Siddhanth gets Ugly", "text": "Shakti Kapoor's son, Siddhanth Kapoor is on an all time high. Even before his first film, Shoot Out At Wadala went on floors, he has been roped in for Anurag Kashyap's next directorial venture, Ugly.According to reports, the actor has been longing to work with the critically acclaimed director and has finally managed to get a role.A source close to the project reveals to Mumbai Mirror, \"Siddhanth is very fond of Anurag's work and has been chasing him for a while. The director too was very keen but was waiting for the right project to come along.\"When contacted, Siddhanth, he said, \"Finally ho gaya. Main unke peeche padhta tha ke mujhe aapki film karni hai and all he would say that it will happen. I don't care if my role is 20 minutes long, but it needs to have an impact.\"Interestingly, Siddhanth who has completed a course in film making from New York Film Academy in 2005 has assisted Priyadarshan for four years. He said, \"I have assisted him in Bhool Bhulaiya, Bhagham Bhag, Dhol, and Chup Chup Ke. I learnt a lot while working with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816048", "title": "EC 'sveeps' polls in 1st phase", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission on Wednesday claimed credit for the record turnout in UP's first phase. EC director-general Akshay Rout said, \"Our sustained efforts in voters' education, motivation and facilitation have improved the turnout in UP. It's the SVEEP (Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation) effect at work.\"The turnout would have been higher but heavy rain in the morning was a spoiler. \"In the remaining phases, we expect a higher turnout. There will be a voters' participation revolution in UP,\" said Rout. The cornerstone of SVEEP is to draw out voters to enrol. \"During the summary revision of electoral rolls on January 5, 2012, two crore new names were added in UP,\" said Alok Shukla, deputy election commissioner. The EC and district officials connected with education institutions, youth and civil society groups to spread voting awareness.\"We spoke to them about voting as not only their right but also their duty and the importance of ethical voting,\" said Shukla.Besides, EC brand ambassadors APJ Abdul Kalam and M S Dhoni, regional icons like Bhojpuri singer Malini Awasthi reached out to voters. For the first time, the EC networked with banks. \"When a person goes to open a bank account, he is asked if he has enrolled as a voter. If he's not registered, the bank gives him a form for voter enrolment,\" said Rout.There were other innovations. \"For instance, Bulandshahr DM K C Ratan organized a candlelight march. About 900 people took a pledge to vote,\" said Rout.On the eve of the National Voters' Day (Jan 25), 2.5 lakh people formed a 52-km human chain in Barabanki as part of the drive. Besides, the EC has a 24x7 voters' helpline in UP. \"A voter can dial 1950 and find out any poll-related information,\" said Rout. An SMS of the voter ID number fetches the poll station address.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11815736", "title": "Porngate: BJP MLA blacks out news from voters", "text": "BELGAUM: Laxman Savadi, who resigned as Karnataka cooperation minister on Wednesday, gave orders to cut off electricity to his constituency Athani on Tuesday, so that the people of the town could not see the news of his viewing pornographic clips in the assembly. He also issued orders to block entry of newspapers into the town.The orders were issued even as TV channels were telecasting news of his actions embarrassing the government. After power was restored late at night, the cable feed was withdrawn by the local operator.On Wednesday, no newspapers of any language could reach Athani as most bundles were booked and purchased en route.Savadi's supporters removed all cutouts of the minister across Athani town on Tuesday night itself because they felt people would disfigure them. Recently, Savadi had announced that he would bring BJP leaders B S Yeddyurappa, chief minister Sadananda Gowda and party president K S Eshwarappa on a single platform on February 16 on the eve of the formal launch of Karimasoori lift irrigation project, implemented at a cost of Rs 560 crore. The programme was arranged as part of Laxman Savadi's birthday celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11817455", "title": "Encroachments cleared, berms along roadsides to be landscaped in DLF City", "text": "GURGAON: As a pilot project, the berms along the roadsides would be landscaped in DLF City. The encroachments upon the berms have been cleared and the landscaping work has started. Starting with Arjun Marg in DLF Phase I, the berms on other major roads like Akashneem Marg would be beautified in the coming days.Residents had encroached upon the berms by constructing boundary walls which were demolished last month. The 18m arterial roads were used as a parking space by market visitors and residents. After they were freed of illegal encroachments, the landscaping drive has started.The DLF City RWA came up with the beautification project concept by converting the area into a green belt and involving the builder for the work. \"The berms have to be left as it is but cannot be used for parking or any other purpose,\" said Sudhir Kapoor, general secretary of DLF City RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815691", "title": "No more a Walled City?", "text": "JAIPUR: The historic Walled City is fast losing its character. Built by Maharaja Jai Singh II in 1727, it may soon be referred to as 'old city' and not Walled City, as encroachments have almost destroyed the wall. The historic wall, with just seven original gates today, has as many as 48 openings to facilitate movement of people.\"There is general apathy towards the historic wall and immediate corrective measures need to be taken to protect the historic fabric of the 'Walled City'. Only 25% of the original wall exists today and there is extensive damage in that also. At some places, the wall has made way for newer passages, while at other places it has become the leaning pillar for construction of shops and residences,\" said a source at Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage, who conducted a survey.Earlier, a survey conducted on the directions of Rajasthan High Court has stated that there are 2,800 existing encroachments along the city wall.While the wall has given way to several new roads and encroachments, modern houses have been built at some places as well, especially in Ghat Gate area. A 50-feet high construction by Tak Public School stands as an eye sore, towering over the Char Darwaza, which was a four-sided gate built for emergencies. Then at one place, there is a break in the historic wall as a three-storey house has come up there, violating the Walled City regulations. A nameplate outside announces 'Abdul Hakim'. All this did not happen overnight.The INTACH survey also highlighted that the wall is being impinged upon by many shops and residential buildings, which have been constructed at many places, with no gap between the wall and the line of construction. And this, despite an administrative regulation that \"no construction will be allowed within 5 metres of both sides of the 14.9 km periphery of the wall'.\"We regret that the BJP government never paid heed to the largescale encroachments during its tenure. All these encroachments have happened over the last couple of years and we would need a policy decision to take strict action against the defaulters,\" said mayor Jyoti Khandelwal.However, as far as conservation and sustenance of the historic Walled City is concerned, \"We have sent financial proposals to the government for approval to undertake the work in two phases. The first phase would entail restoration of the existing wall at an estimated cost of Rs 30 crore. In the second phase, the wall that has crumbled at several places will have to be erected for which an estimated expenditure of 110 crore would have to be incurred,\" Khandelwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11817092", "title": "Dacoity gang busted", "text": "MANGALORE: The district police have nabbed eight persons, including six women and two men, who were engaged in chain snatching, pickpocket and dacoity during Mahamastakabhisheka Mahotsava of Bhagavan Sri Bahubali at Venur near here.The team led by Somanna, 48 from Betagari village in Gadag was arrested based on a complaint filed by Shashikala, a devotee who had lost her mobile phone and Rs 10,000 during the festival.\"Their modus operandi was to commit crime during temple festivals. The team had reached Venur after visiting Kukke Sri Subrahmanya temple and Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala in a rented van. We are in touch with Gadag police to collect more details about them,\" Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817544", "title": "Class III girl falls from overloaded auto, dies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Overloaded and unmanaged autorickshaws transporting children to school registered yet another fatal accident when a class III girl student died after she fell from the auto which was on its way to drop her home.The victim was studying in GGS government girls' school, sector 16. A criminal case of rash driving and death due to negligence was registered against the driver, Ram Pyare, who was later arrested. The police have ruled out any foul play in the incident in the initial stage of probe.Deceased has been identified as 9-year-old Archana, a resident of sector 20 C. According to information, when the auto reached sector 18/21 dividing road the girl suddenly fell off even as the auto driver kept driving for some distance before he was alerted and he stopped Station house officer of sector 19 police station, inspector Pargat Singh said, \"It has been brought to our notice that students of some other school on another auto-rickshaw, which was passing on the same road, had waved at kids in Pyare's auto, who responded and that is when the accident took place.Gopal Singh, father of the deceased, told police that his daughter and her younger brother used to go school on Pyare's three-wheeler.Rakesh Kumar, an eyewitness revealed that the girl lost her conscious the moment she fell from the vehicle and was rushed to hospital, where she was declared brought dead.As for the state transport authority officials, its in charge Mahavir Kaushik, said, \"There should be proper busses for school kids. We have been challaning such rule violator auto rickshaw drivers and action against them will be continue in the future also.\"Pyare managed to hoodwink the STA so far, despite driving around with school students!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11816812", "title": "Govt shares burden of cancer patients", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Union minister of state for health Sudip Bandyopadhyay said on Tuesday that free cancer chemotherapy treatment up to Rs 1 lakh would be given to cancer patients in the country as part of the National Programme for Prevention and Control of Cancer, Diabetes , Cardiovascular Diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS).The union minister was speaking to mediapersons after reviewing the execution of NPCDCS in the district at the collectorate conference hall here.\"In the first phase, the facility will be available in 100 districts. These include Alappuzha, Pathanamthitta, Idukki, Thrissur and Kozhikode. Alappuzha General Hospital is the nodal centre for this programme in the district and the hospital has also been selected for the Centre's National Programme for Health Care of Elderly (NPHCE).The Centre has allotted Rs 2.32 crore to Alappuzha district for executing the NPCDCS,\" the minister said.\"As part of the NPCDCS, clinics and wards will be set up for non-communicable disease (NCD) and geriatrics. The district cancer care centre will be an important part of the project. It will provide free chemotherapy treatment and other medical treatment to cancer patients. All the services of this NPCDCS will be free of cost,'' the minister said.Under this programme, CD clinics will be set up in 16 community health centres in the district and these clinics will refer patients, who need better care and treatment, to the General Hospital. There will also be a casualty wing with six beds and an in-patient unit, which has 30 beds in the General Hospital.After attending the review meeting, the minister also visited Alappuzha General Hospital. Union minister of state for health K C Venugopal was also present there.The minister said that around Rs 6 crore had been allotted for Alappuzha Medical College Hospital to set up modern cancer treatment equipment at the MCH and an amount of Rs 19 crore had been allotted to upgrade the Kerala centre of National Institute of Virology into the state's Regional Infectious Disease Unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817638", "title": "Eyesight of NMC school kids suffering, says study", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 1 in 10 children studying in 20 NMC schools show signs of night blindness. This is one of the several disturbing findings of a scientific study conducted by city-based Suraj Eye Institute. As many as 11,829 schoolchildren were examined in the study that was also published in an international journal.The study has shown Vitamin A deficiency in 6.5%, or about 770, children and signs of night blindness in 13.5%, or about 1600, children. The research also showed visual impairment in 1.8% children - more than double the prevalence (0.8%) in the world as per WHO data.The only positive side is that these findings are better compared to another a similar study conducted by the preventive and social medicine of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in 1,094 slum children below the age of six years by DW Khandait, ND Vasudeo, SP Zodpey, NN Ambadekar and MR Koram in 1999 and published in the Public Health Journal which had found the deficiency of Vitamin A to an extent of 8.7%. Though the age group differs, the overall image seems to have improved as the bigger age group seems to have lesser incidence.Though NMC officials are not aware of the detailed results of the study, NMC deputy commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui said the administration is ready to take corrective measures through the school health programmes already underway. \"NMC will definitely take corrective measures to improve the situation. We already have two dedicated doctors under the school health programme who can support the process,\" he said.Dr Sunil Ghurde, nodal medical officer of the health programme, told TOI that the NMC was already providing vitamin A syrup to children below five years of age during the immunization programme and above that age twice a year as a part of health programme.The studies - one published in the US journal Archives of Ophthalmology and another in Acta Ophthalmology - were done by the institute under the leadership of Dr Vinay Nangia, Suraj Eye Institute director. ''The figures are surely alarming as compared to other studies which were done in a much smaller age group of 6 months to 6 years of age. There is high prevalence in much older age group in our study but still we need to go in further,\" said Nangia. He also admitted to other limitations of the study (as published in the paper).One of the signs of Vitamin A deficiency in children in medical terms is presence of 'bitot spots' in the eye. \"But sometimes, these spots may persist with increase in the age of the child even if the deficiency has decreased or been corrected. So, we cannot assume that the sign was indicative of the current Vitamin A deficiency. Also, looking at the socioeconomic status of parents of these children, the results are not totally unexpected as the intake of green vegetables and fruits is extremely low in the diet. Ideally, no child should have Vitamin A deficiency,\" said Nangia.The second study on visual impairment (vision of 6/12 according to WHO standards) recorded 1.8% (212 children) prevalence in the children.Of these, about 0.07% children needed to be operated for night blindness. The reason for such impairment could be congenital (from birth) too. Interestingly, compared to the Vitamin A deficiency study where boys were found be more affected, the visual impairment was higher in girls. \"But what should concern us is the fact that the defect remained undetected and untreated,\" said Nangia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816563", "title": "Activists challenge environment clearance to Lavasa", "text": "NEW DELHI: More trouble could be brewing for Lavasa Corporation's hill city near Pune with its recently secured environment clearance getting challenged by local activists in the National Green Tribunal (NGT).The Union environment ministry had in November 2011 given environment clearance for the first phase of the project, covering 2,000 hectares, that has been locked in controversy since the ministry first raised concerns about violation of Environment Protection Act by the promoters.The ministry had put five pre-conditions before the promoters and the state government before the post-facto clearance was accorded. This included the need for Maharashtra government to file a case against the promoters for violation of the Act in starting construction without proper green sanctions.The petition before the NGT on which notices have been sent seeks quashing the clearance as it was given post-facto for a project that had already got off the ground. Under the green laws, such clearances are to be sought before commencing work. The clearance by the environment ministry had noted that one of the reasons for the nod was the investments already ploughed into the project.Lavasa has approached the NGT, challenging the pre-conditions attached to the clearance.The Lavasa project is also mired in writ petitions before the Bombay High Court on which a final verdict is yet to be given. While the case in Mumbai pertains to alleged violation of norms prior to receiving the clearance, the petition before the NGT challenges the fresh clearance granted by the environment ministry. The clearance had included a condition that the company would keep aside 5% of the total cost of the project for CSR initiatives and deposit 5% of the expenditure made on the project before the clearance with the Maharashtra government, which would be used for ecological restoration in case the company failed to do the same of its own volition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814792", "title": "Nandgaon registers lowest voter turnout", "text": "NASHIK: Nandgaon tehsil, the constituency of MLA Pankaj Bhujbal, recorded the lowest voter turnout in Nashik district - a meagre 52.38% - for the zilla parishad (ZP) and panchayat samiti (PS) elections held on Tuesday.The elections were rather low-key due to the amicable seat-sharing agreement between the Congress and the NCP, and the lack of aggressive campaigning by the Opposition parties. \"In Nandgaon tehsil, most of the population consists of labourers in sugarcane fields who have migrated for work and so, it was but obvious that the poll percentage would have dropped here. The government machinery, however, expected the turnout to be around 60%, but even that was not achieved,\" said a senior official.Namdeo Salunkhe, a local, claimed that the friendly relations between the NCP and the Congress, and the Shiv Sena being headed by outsiders removed the \"sting\" from the elections to the extent that none of the contestants made extra efforts to reel voters in. He added that despite the low turnout, the NCP was looking to be victorious.\"The Opposition parties lacked aggressive campaigning. Prominent Opposition leaders didn't show up during the campaign period, which may have discourages voters to stay away from the ballot box.\" Salunkhe said.The situation in Nandgaon was a far cry from what was seen in Sinnar and Chandwad, where the Congress and the NCP are at loggerheads and the Shiv Sena puts up a stiff fight as well.In tribal areas, everyone seems to have queued up to vote. \"The elections mostly depend on the locals. We hardly trust people coming from other areas. This is why we ensure that we do not miss the elections. Despite most people from the tribal areas migrating to cities (like Nashik) for work, contestants had made elaborate arrangements to ensure that people either stayed back or came to the village to cast their votes,\" said Rajesh Gavit, a local from Surgana. The highest voter turnout, 79.58%, was reported in Surgana, the home town of Jeeva Pandu Gavit and the stronghold of CPM.The tehsil, along with Trimbakeshwar, Dindori, Peth, and Kalwan, registered a voter turnout of around 74%.Lacklustre turnout for elections in urban tehsils - like Nashik, Niphad and Malegaon -posted a poor performance of 56%. The 74% turnout in five tribal areas pulled up the district average to 64%. The remaining six tehsils contributed with a modest turnout of 65% to paint a better overall picture in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11819948", "title": "Ritesh Deshmukh, Genelia D'Souza visits Vaishno Devi", "text": "They did not have time for a honeymoon, and barely after they wrapped up their marathon cross-cultural wedding, Riteish and Genelia flew down to Cochin for the Celebrity Cricket League, where Genelia cheered for her husband in her green bangles, bindi and track suits.And now, as your diarist can show you, the newly-weds have flown to the freezing north, for a quick stop at the Vaishno Devi temple. For the record , a bare-footed Riteish trekked 13 kilometres to the holy shrine, while Genelia walked by his side in more comfortable walking shoes. A couple that prays together, stays together?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "sonbhadra", "code": "11816222", "title": "Still a dark life for UP's tribals", "text": "Sonbhadra: Chief minister Mayawati's poster along with that of Goddess Lakshmi pasted side by side on the outer wall of the Shyam Lal's hut in Harra village of Sonbhadra explains the kind of reverence these dalit forest dwellers have for the Bahujan Samaj Party supremo. Goddess Lakshmi brings prosperity.And the posters of Mayawati promised to bring prosperity through implementation of the Forest Rights Act (FRA) 2006 which provides forest dwellers individual and community rights on forest land. But Lal, a daily wager, and his family are still waiting to be blessed by Goddess Lakshmi and Mayawati. \"My forefathers worked as labourers and were dependent on forest produce. I am doing the same. After the introduction of FRA, I was happy that my seven children would have a better future. But my claim for the land was rejected. Officials asked me to bring the proof that my family has been living in the forest for past 75 years.How can an illiterate like me provide residential status for the period which also includes the British rule,\" said Lal.\"Forget about the land, now we are facing displacement threat as forest department is planting trees on the small patch of land we have built our huts,\" he added. \"We sought help from leaders of various parties. Congress leader said the UPA government gave the FRA and BSP leaders said the decision to plant trees by forest department across India has been taken by the Centre. SP and BJP leaders blame Congress and BSP. I don't know whom to believe,\" said a dejected Lal.The story of Lal is similar to over 55,000 forest dwellers in Sonbhadra whose claims under the FRA have been rejected. As per the FRA, a family belonging to scheduled tribe living in forest till December 2005 will be entitled to maximum four hectares of land. However, the law demands 75 years' residential proof from other communities dependent on the forest for similar benefit. Sonbhadra was the first district where FRA was implemented in UP by the BSP government in December 2009.So far, over 65,000 claims have been filed but titles have been given to around 10,500 dwellers only and that too who hail from the scheduled tribe category. If entire state is taken into account, out of total 92,419 claims filed till December last year, 13,921 have been accepted while rest 72,797 have been rejected. Of total titles distributed, 791 are community rights and 13,130 are individual rights.The total land distributed under the FRA is over 13,084 hectare. However, what forest dwellers have got in abundance here is criminal cases lodged by police and forest department during the course of agitations to get their rights.\"We have been slapped with criminal cases for encroachment, cutting trees and obstructing official work. For one offence, cases have been lodged under the forest law as well as the Indian Penal Code,\" said Lal, who has 41 cases against him. Rajendra of Kurwa village, who has 10 criminals cases in his name, said the Mayawati government had announced in October 2010 that all criminal cases against forest dwellers will be withdrawn but nothing substantial has been done.\"Officials asked us to plead guilty and they will be dispose of the case by slapping a small fine. But pleading guilty would mean a criminal history. Only cases under forest laws will be disposed but those under Indian Penal Code will continue. So what's the use of the exercise,\" he added. Majority of these forest dwellers live in abject poverty. Their villages have no schools, health centre, drainage system and roads.However, the condition of the tribals who have got land under the FRA is slightly better. Ram Bali of Baiga scheduled tribe in Basauli village of Sonbhadra got 0.5 hecatare land. \"Now at least we have a roof over and a small land for agriculture but the criminal cases are still pending against us,\" Said Bali. Besides Sonbhadra, around 3,500 land titles have also been distributed in other districts including Lakhimpur Kheri, Gonda, Saharanpur, Gorakhpur and Chitrakoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816691", "title": "Youth getting more inclined towards yoga", "text": "VARANASI: Whether it is examination stress, rising competition, relation issues, physical fitness or spiritual bliss, a huge participation of students in the yoga camp at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is projecting the increasing popularity of yoga among youngsters.\"I have experienced a spiritual upliftment along with a rise in self esteem and confidence by practising the Pranayama,\" shared Akansha Singh, a student of faculty of arts. Richa Srivastava, another student of statistics department, shared: \"After 7-8 hours studies, doing some meditation is very relaxing and rejuvenating and at the same time gives peace of mind.\"The month-long yoga camp organised by the Student's Council, BHU from January 28 to February 28 is being organised at 65 students hostels, including 45 boys hostels and 20 girl hostels of the university. According to Anoop Kumar Singh, student council members and spokeperson of the camp, trainers for the camp have been selected by Malviya Yoga Sadhna Centre, BHU.\"It was difficult to impart training to all students simultaneously, so wea re carrying out the entire camp in eight phases by conducting four day batches to cover each hostels. At present the camp is in its third phase and over 1000 students from 17 hostels are benifitting from it,\" informed Anoop.\"Lifestyle now-a-days has become very tedious and stressful. It is therefore necessary for students to understand the basics and few 'aasans' for the initial days at the camp and perform it for at least three to four days in a week.\"While students are gushing over the good effects of Surya Namaskar, they are also emphasising on practising Pranayam that includes aasans like Naadi Shodan, Sheetali, Kapalbharati, Brahmari, which help to keep away excess fat, respiratory diseases and mental fatigue,\" said Deepkshika Singh, another member of student council and representative from the faculty of ayurveda.According to Anoop, some students have also shown interest for permanent yoga classes on their hostel premises. However, the matter is yet to be taken up. According to Dr Punam Rani Shukla, senior clinical psychologist at the department of Kaya Chikitsa, faculty of ayurveda, BHU, there are a number of conflicts and issues that go parallel with the routine affairs of the young students, especially hostellers and those who are staying away from their families.For them, to have a life devoid of depression, stress, mental and physical fatigue, regular practice of yoga and meditation is the best way to keep mind, body and soul in a balanced form.It is worth mentioning here that apart from this unique camp, the increasing popularity of the ancient practice of meditation has given rise to over 200 yoga centres in the city. According to Jagdish Banerjee, a yoga teacher at Kedar Ghat, enrollments have increased by 30% in the past five years. \"Most of these centres are running on Guru Shishya tradition of ancient times and charge a fee according to the wish of the learners,\" added Jagdish. Apart from that a number of colleges and universities carry out their own certificates and diploma courses in yoga that includes certificate and dilpoma programmes at Malviya Yoga Sadhna Centre, BHU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11821141", "title": "A twist in the tale of 'Dance India Dance'", "text": "Here is no way you can miss the Wild Card entry episodes of 'Dance India Dance' simply because you will miss the most spectacular and jaw dropping acts by Raghav Juyal, more popularly known as Crockroaz.The sensation called Crockroaz is back on DID and will surely create ripples in this week's episode of the show.The redhead boy from Dehradun who re-christened himself as Crockroaz (from the one who has the creepiness of a cockroach and the strength of a crocodile) mesmerized everyone with an extraordinary freestyle act with a lot of his trademark 'slow-motion' moves thrown in.Though Raghav's act was the most talked about performance during the audition phase of the show, he unfortunately did not get selected in the Top 18.The mentors verdict were against him and very evidently it didn't go down well with the loyal viewers of DID.So on popular demand, the DID team and Grandmaster Mithun Da decided to give Raghav Juyal aka Crockroaz another chance as a wild card entrant to prove his mettle yet again.Under the able guidance of Master Terence Lewis, Crockroaz gave a dazzling performance and electrified both the mentors as well as the audience.That slow motion moves and the innocence with which Raghav performed, it will for sure leave the television viewers exhilarated and begging for more.Master Terence says, \"I wish to apologies to all the viewers since I think we did a big mistake by not selecting Raghav during the auditions. Later, when I saw Raghav perform and the kind of acts that he is capable of doing, it totally surprised me. Whatever Raghav does, its 80 percent his own creativity and may be 20 percent my inputs. He is an amazing freestyle dancer whose core strength is his body control and his USP being is his slow motion or speed breaking moves. May be there are very many dancers who can dance like him but the feel with which Crockroaz does an act even ace dancers take ages to gain mastery over that. Raghav is a treat to watch and training him is every choreographers delight. If the junta selects him to be a part of the terrific 13, he will give a tough takkar to the other contestants and raise the bar of the competition.\"It was endearing to see Raghav in his signature slow walk up to Geeta Ma and pull her cheeks.Visibly red Master Geeta, says \"Raghav ne phir se gustakhi ki! He again pulled my cheeks! The moment he pulled my cheeks, Terence and Remo who sit on either side of me followed and pulled my cheeks really hard. I would like to warn them, Boys! Please stop doing it, warna mujhse bura koi nahi hoga. Only one person has the right to pull my cheeks and that is Mithun Da.....(blush...bush )!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11817714", "title": "Velim locals ask Jacques to inquire into raid", "text": "MARGAO: Aggrieved villagers from Velim gave South Goa district collector Sandip Jacques 48 hours to inquire into the recent income tax (I-) raid on Fr Romano Gonsalves, parish priest of St Francis Xavier Church, Velim, on Wednesday.Joint chief electoral officer N S Navti said that officials had found and seized only 6,000 from the church. This amount is not above the legal limit of 2.5 lakh, which warrants declaration by the person holding the amount to authorities, Navti said.Navti said that the flying squad received a complaint from somebody that large sums of money were stored in the Velim church for distribution to the public. Acting on that complaint, the raid was conducted. On why a small sum of 6,000 was seized, Navti said that even 10 can be seized but also mentioned that the sum is not incriminating. On if any politician was behind the complaint against the priest, Navti said he had no knowledge of that.While members of the Pastoral Parish Council (PPC) met Jacques on behalf of parishioners of Velim church, they questioned on what basis was the raid conducted and further demanded that no such raids on religious intuitions in the state be repeated.\"We had demanded an explanation within 48 hours. The South Goa collector has assured us that he would not only look into the matter but would get back to us in 24 hours,\" said Agnelo D'silva, PPC member .The 58-year-old parish priest who hails from Bambolim had been in charge of both the church and St Xavier High School,Velim, for the last seven years.On Monday, from 4.30pm to 7.30pm the parish priest was interrogated by three I-T officials led by Merwin Paes, joint director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817238", "title": "Ahmedabad: Runaway bride racket busted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City crime branch arrested four women in the city who were part of a marriage racket where they would target bachelors unable to find brides, offer them a girl for marriage, charging them a hefty fee. However, within days of marriage, the bride would run away with cash and ornaments received as the wedding gifts, leaving the bridegroom high and dry.Those arrested include bride Shweta Matthews, 20, from Raipur, Chattisgarh, Shama Luhar, 25, and Maria Petras, 50, both from Mumbai who posed as the bride's relatives. The fourth woman arrested is Ahmedabad-based Anasuya Amarchandani, 60, who is considered to be the king-pin of the fake marriage gang.The runaway bride and her gang-members were arrested after a tip-off given by a Saijpur-based Gadhvi family who had got their son Praful married to Shweta on February 3. Shweta was arrested on Monday from the venue of the wedding reception where police caught her when she was about to scoot with Rs 10,000 cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 70,000.Praful's father Mukesh said that they were facing difficulty in getting their son Praful married since he suffered from mental illness. Naroda-based Hansa Shah offered to find a bride for Praful and introduced them to Shweta accompanied by Shama and Maria posing as her relatives. The marriage was fixed at RS 70,000 where Rs 10,000 cash were to be paid in cash to the bride along with ornaments worth Rs 60,000.\"We found that this was the 16{+t}{+h} time that Shweta was married off to desperate bachelors looking for a bride. While she got away 15 times with cash and ornaments, she got unlucky this time around,\" said ACP (crime branch) Mayur Chavda.Shweta's luck ran out when after the marriage, she put her SIM card in her husband's mobile and made a call to Mumbai. She did not know that the phone had a feature where the calls made got auto-recorded. Praful's younger brother Varun saw a phone call recorded and listened to it.\"Varun heard Shweta telling one Saleem in Mumbai that the game was over and he should come to Mumbai to receive her on Sunday. This set the alarm bells ringing and the Gadhvi family contacted us,\" said Chavda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815448", "title": "Existing excise policy renewed for two years", "text": "JAIPUR: The state cabinet on Wednesday gave its nod for the renewal of the existing excise policy for two years. The state aims at a revenue growth of 15% in this time period.The cabinet also cleared the proposal to declare 13,100 hectare reserve forest land in Raghunath forest block in Sikar and Jhunjhnu districts as \"Shakambhari Conservation Reserve\" under Section 36-A of Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972. \"The decision would help in promoting eco-tourism besides providing protection and a suitable atmosphere for the development of the wildlife. The proposal would be forwarded to the Centre,\" said tourism minister Bina Kak.Giving details of the cabinet meeting at the Chief Minister's Office, state revenue minister Rajendra Pareek said the cabinet has approved the proposal of an annual 8% increase in the license fee for liquor shops. \"No major changes have been made in the existing excise policy. The license for the liquor shops would be renewed for two years, with an 8% increase in the fee every year,'' said Pareek.The minister said the state would be able to meet its revenue target of Rs 3,000 crore. The revenue earned for the next financial year 2012-13 is expected to be Rs 3,250 crore.\"The state aims to increase its revenue growth by 15% over the next two years. The department is also strengthening its vigilance wing to ensure that smuggling of liquor and sale of hooch is curbed,'' he said.On the major decisions related to the industries department, Pareek, who is also state industries minister, said the cabinet cleared the proposal for a customized package to Shriram Pistons and Rings Limited for setting up an auto component manufacturing unit of pistons, piston rings and engine valves.A customized package for Rajesh Motors Private limited was approved for manufacturing truck body, cabin, and dumper and chassis trailers. The cabinet also okayed exemption of mandi tax for Goyal Proteins Limited for setting up a production unit for products from soyabean oil cakes.The draft of The Rajasthan Private Universities Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2012 has been approved following which private universities in the state would not be allowed to open study-centres anywhere else. \"We came across several instances where private universities had opened study centres at other places, but now this would not be allowed. Also private universities of other states might not be opening their centres in the state,'' said senior cabinet minister Jitendra Singh.In an informal discussion post meeting, it was decided that ministers would visit the districts they have been made in-charge of between February 21 and 23. The ministers have been directed by the chief minister to gather feedback at the grass-root level on the implementation of government schemes and problems faced by people, ahead of the state budget.What's in storeExisting excise policy renewed for two years.License fee for liquor shops to be renewed with an annual increase of 8% for two years.Proposal to declare 'Shakambhari Conservation Reserve' to be sent to Centre.Cleared draft for The Rajasthan Private Universities Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2012customized packages for three industries", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11817786", "title": "Supreme Court upholds order disqualifying Raia panch", "text": "MARGAO: Supreme Court of India has recently upheld the order passed by the state election commission disqualifying Zelia Fernandes e Gonsalves, a panch member of the Raia village panchayat.As per SC judgment given on February 3, it was successfully proved that Zelia has indirectly a share or monetary interest in the contract executed by the panchayat with Xavier, her husband, for collection of market fees for the year 2008-09. Therefore she was liable for disqualification under Section 10 (f) of Goa Panchayati Raj Act, 1994.As per details of the case, in mid-March 2008, the Raia panchayat floated tenders/auction inviting bids for collection of fees of goods in the market, melas, fairs and festivals for the year 2008-09. Being the highest bidder, the contract was allotted to Xavier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817284", "title": "Stir likely as NSUI nomination rejected", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the election season at Gujarat University (GU) campus is going on, the university's vice-chancellor is in a sticky situation. The rejection of a nomination form for candidature by a student who is a member of NSUI has kicked up dust which the university was not prepared for.A team of NSUI student members, Congress leaders, university senate members and syndicate members made a representation to the university VC on Wednesday. The representation led by syndicate member and former deputy chief minister Narhari Amin said the rejection of the nomination form of undergraduate student Umang Somani is not justified and has threatened a protest.The scrutiny members of the election on February 4 rejected the nomination of Somani, an undergraduate commerce student of GLS College of Commerce, for the senate elections slated on February 19. The form was rejected on the grounds that it did not have the stamp and the signature of the principal of his college.The representation argued that the form did not have the signature of the principal but had the stamp. They alleged that the VC had intentionally made the move of rejecting the NSUI-supported candidate as there was no chance of the ABVP supported candidate winning the election.The representation further claimed that the rejection has been done by the VC without taking any legal opinion. \"The education minister and BJP have pressurized the VC to reject the form. The VC is a puppet of the ruling party,\" said Amin.\"The students are not allowed to fight for the elections in a democratic way. So we will be protesting against this in a few days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817492", "title": "HC pulls up cops over detentions in bailable cases, summons officer", "text": "MUMBAI: Deprecating the tendency of the police to detain people even in bailable offences, the Bombay High Court on Wednesday summoned the senior inspector of the Saki Naka police station in Andheri (E) to explain why he had detained four persons for playing rummy at home.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing a petition filed by Jayprakash Bombale (40), Pradeep Singh (31), Dujay Kuren (29) and Salim Sheikh (29) for quashing of charges under the Bombay Prevention of Gambling Act.According to their petition, on August 22, 2011, the four friends, who live in the same locality, were watching the dahihandi celebrations and decided to go to Bombale's place to play cards. One Anil Patel, who was within earshot, asked them to come to the gambling joint he runs but they refused. Around 6.30 pm, sub-inspector Shrikrishna Hargude came to Bombale's residence in Mhada Colony and found the four playing rummy. He found that two of the youths had Rs 12,000 while Rs 55,000 kept inside a showcase.Their petition stated that the police were willing to release them if they agreed to forgo the money. Bombale, who has an LLB degree, declined and pointed out they have not committed any crime.The four were taken to the police station and released on bail the next day by the magistrate.Their advocates, B M Ganu and Amrut Tigade, argued that the Supreme Court has held that rummy is a game of skill and not gambling. \"They were demanding custody of the accused even though the offence was bailable. Even their remand report says they need custody of the accused,\" said Ganu. The judges were disturbed after hearing this.\"In every other case this is happening. Police are keeping people in custody even though the offence is bailable,\" said Justice Kanade.They also wondered aloud whether cops have knowledge of legal procedures, adding that such cases should be brought to the notice of home department. The judges directed the senior inspector to remain present at the hearing after two weeks. They also allowed the petition to be amended to include Hargude as party and to claim compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816487", "title": "38 quizzed in combing operation", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch of the Pune police on Wednesday conducted a combing operation in Nana Peth and Ganesh Peth and questioned 38 suspects with previous criminal records.Deputy commissioner of police Rajesh Bansode said that the operation was conducted against the backdrop of civic elections.Assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav and four inspectors of the crime branch conducted the exercise.\"We have questioned 38 criminals. The combing operation was conducted to give a message that we will take stringent action against such persons,\" Bansode said.More such exercises are likely in the sensitive areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820402", "title": "Nandaa is the busy bee", "text": "Nandaa is looking forward to his first release in 2012, Sharada Ramanathan's Pudiya TiruppangalAfter winning a lot of praises for his performances in his last two releases in 2011 - Vandhaan Vendraan and Vellore Maavattam, actor Nandaa is looking forward to his first release in 2012, Sharada Ramanathan's Pudiya Tiruppangal. The actors also reveals that he doesn't have any plans of signing a new project any time soon as he's got his hands full.\"I just waiting for this release primarily,\" he says, adding, \"I am currently busy with my maiden production, in which I play an important role. Only after I wrap up this project that I will decide on my next films. I want to give my production my complete attention. I have my fingers crossed. Any formal announcements about my latest films will be made thereafter.\"The actor says he also has a few personal commitments, which are keeping him busy. \"I'm occupied with some personal commitments, which include my brother's marriage that is coming up in March. We've already started preparing for the wedding. So, I have been shuttling between film production and my hometown, Pollachi,\" says Nandaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "deoria/azamgarh", "code": "11816162", "title": "Sugar bowl loses its sweetness", "text": "DEORIA/AZAMGARH: Once known as the sugar bowl of the region, Deoria has only bitterness to offer to its sugarcane growers. The reason is quite obvious: Many sugar mills have been either closed down or sold out. The sugarcane growers have to take their produce to the sugar mills in other parts of the state. In such a situation, the sugarcane growers are compelled to reduce the farming of this prominent cash crop.Congress president Sonia Gandhi recently addressed a poll meeting in Deoria, but she did not speak anything specific about the closed sugar mills of the district. \"The situation is very pathetic.We have reduced the cultivation of sugarcane due to inconveniences like transportation and delayed payment,\" said Ramesh Tiwari, one of the cane growers of the district which is mythologically linked with Ramana time.Mythology says that Koshal Naresh Lord Ram appointed his elder son Kush as the king of Kushawati,which is today's Kushinagar. The Kushinagar (Padrauna) district came into existence in 1994 after separation of the north-east portion of Deoria district.\"There were some 14 sugar mills when Kushinagar was not separated from Deoria. The district was left with five sugar mills, in Gauri Bazar, Deoria, Bhatni, Baitalpur and Pratappur, while nine mills went to Kushinagar,\" said Anil Kumar Srivastava, a local of Deoria.According to him, the privately run Gaurai Bazar sugar mill was closed about two decades ago while the other mills run by the government in Deoria, Bhatni and Baitalpur were sold out a couple of years back. Only one privately run sugar mill in Pratappur is functional. However, the sugar mills in Kushinagar are functioning. The local cane growers have to take their produce to the mills in Kushinagar. According to the records of the Uttar Pradesh Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation Ltd, an apex body of UP established in 1963 for development and expansion of co-operative sugar industries in the state, as many as 27 sugar factories are functional in the state in co-operative sector.However, one of these units in this region -the Kisan Sahkari Chini Mills Ltd-- at Sathiaon in Azamgarh district was closed way back in 2008 following the 2007 UP Assembly elections. The then prime minister Indira Gandhi had laid foundation stone of this mill, which became operational in 1975.Over 17,000 cane growers of Azamgarh district, growing sugarcane in an area of over 15,500 hectares, were associated with this mill.\"The entire area remained crowded with people including cane growers and mill employees during the crushing season,\" said Rambachan Yadav, a local cane grower. But, today the Sathiaon mill and cane farm spread over 96 acres wears a deserted look with damaged roads and decaying infrastructure.However, some persons,who were the employees of this mill in the past, have been engaged as security guards at the mill's gate. \"Like other sugarcane farmers I also reduced the cane cultivating area due to the closure of Sathiaon sugar mill,\" said Rambachan. He said delayed payment to cane growers was another major problem. \"I have not received payment (Rs 25,000) for the past one year,\" he added.Today the cane farmers of Azamgarh take their produce to the privately run Ambedkar Nagar sugar mill. Another problem is that they have to wait for their turn till they get the receipts from the mill.\"We are waiting here for our turn as we have yet to get the 'purchee' (receipts)\", said Mukesh Yadav and Chandrabali Yadav. They, along with other cane farmers, were waiting at the Sathiaon weighing centre.According to the weighing clerk at the centre Subhash Chandra Yadav, the cane growers of some 60-70 villages of the region send cane to Ambedkar Nagar sugar mill through this centre.\"Whatever party forms the government in the state after the elections, we just want to see the closed mill functioning again,\" said Jai Prakash, another cane farmer of Mau district waiting at the weighing centre.According to records, the functioning sugar mills in this region are - the Kashi Sahkari Chini Mills Ltd, Aurai in Bhadi district, Kisan Sahkari Chini Mills, Ghosi in Mau district and the Kisan Sahkari Chini Mills Ltd, Rasra in Ballia district.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11817522", "title": "NAPA takes up issue of asylum seekers with Union minister", "text": "JALANDHAR: The North American Punjabi Association (NAPA) has taken up the issue of economic Punjabi migrants, who had taken political asylum in North America and many other countries with overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi.NAPA president Satnam Singh Chahal and chairman Dalwinder Singh Dhoot, who headed the delegation said the minister assured them that government of India would take a lenient and pragmatic view to adjust immigration status for those category of economic migrants from India who have in the past taken political asylum.They said Vayalar Ravi conveyed this in a meeting with them on Wednesday, after they briefed him about the plight of thousands of Indian nationals who were in fact economic migrants, but had taken political asylum to stay abroad due to lack of employment opportunities here. \"Some of them were granted citizenship of the countries of residence but they are finding it hard to get visas from the diplomatic missions abroad to visit India. While others whose cases are pending for regularizing their status in the country of their residence are unable to get extension of their Indian passports or obtain a new one in lieu of expired ones. Now, this category of people is unable to visit India to manage their properties, attend social and religious functions and meet their relative and friends,\" the delegation told the minister.Chahal and Dhoot said the minister told that the government would also favorably consider the granting of Indian passports to such deserving cases to facilitate their travel to India to enable them to manage their properties and meet their relatives and friends.Chahal said taking advantage of long absence of such people, land mafia in Punjab had forcibly taken possession of their landed properties and in many cases successfully disposed off their properties to influential and powerful developers. Several other issues of NRIs were also discussed with the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816555", "title": "3-day cancer check-up camp to mark Lavasa Women's Drive", "text": "PUNE: Bombay Times Lavasa Women's Drive (LWD) scheduled to start simultaneously from Mumbai and Pune on February 26, will also be marked by a three-day cancer check up camp from February 17 and a dance workshop with ace choreographer Ganesh Hedge on February 10.The LWD is giving an opportunity for more women to participate in the event in some way, by creating various interactive programmes which are not limited only to the drive participants.Hegde, who choreographed the Shah Rukh Khan song 'Chhammak chhallo, will teach the participants how to shake a leg at Hotel Aurora Towers on February 10, from 2.30 to 4.00 pm. To participate in the workshop, SMS LWD dance P to 58888.This workshop is one of the initiatives that endeavour to make the LWD a holistic experience for all women.This year, focus of the LWD is to create awareness about cervical cancer which is the number one cause of cancer-related deaths among women in India. A free cervical and breast cancer camp for women will be conducted at Galaxy Care Laparoscopy Institute from February 17 to 19 from 9 am to 1 pm. Those who wish to participate should send SMS LWD checkup P to 58888.Further information is available on www.lavasawomensdrive.comThis is the second year of the Lavasa Women's Drive in Pune. The LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and the Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the associate sponsor, while Galaxy Care Hospital, Orchid and VITS are the other sponsors. It is supported by women's cancer initiative, Tata Memorial Hospital, and conducted by Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816632", "title": "Training to survive attack at sea", "text": "KOCHI: The Southern Naval Command here will soon add a ship damage control simulator to its state-of-the-art training modules. Expected to be commissioned in March this year, it is the second of its kind in India. The other is located at INS Shivaji, Lonavala near Pune.Built at a cost of Rs 29 crores by Goa Shipyard Limited, the simulator would be able to simulate damage to a warship during enemy attack.It will mimic situations like flooding, smoke due to fire and high-pressure air leak. Trainees will have to perform damage control exercise while immersed in water or in total darkness to get the ship back, and make it battle worthy.Navy sources revealed to TOI that the simulator has been designed indigenously, the construction of which is expected to get completed soon. \"The interior of the three-decked structure, mounted on pivots, resembles a warship and rolls on hydraulic actuators up to 20 degrees at different speeds to replicate the various harsh conditions and movements at sea. All the movements are microprocessor-based and will duplicate damage situations like deck leaks, distorted hatches and ruptured high pressure pipes. Using CCTV systems, instructors will monitor each training session and can direct trainees on damage control. Twenty five trainees can undergo exercise at a time and can prepare them for hardships of battle at sea. The simulator also will act as a training ground for men at different stages in their career,\" the navy sources said.The structure measuring 14.6m (length), 6.7m (width) and 7.5m (height) will simulate three areas: accommodation, engine room and alley way It has a capacity to store 250 tonnes of water.A trainee would be exposed to a sudden gush of water. Then as he enters the compartment, he should be able to plug the leak in a short time with the tools he has and with the aid of his fellow trainees. This would be followed by a fire drill which will engage the trainees to operate in a dense smoke-filled compartment. The sound effects, movements and darkness will provide a good training ground for navy personnel, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11820192", "title": "Disrespecting national flag: Court rejects plea for FIR against Anna, team", "text": "NEW DELHI: A court here has refused to direct the Delhi Police to register an FIR against Anna Hazare and his team members for allegedly disrespecting the national flag during their anti-graft protest in August last year.\"In the complaint, nothing has been mentioned or submitted during arguments as to why FIR should be registered in the matter,\" metropolitan magistrate Anil Kumar said on a private complaint for registration of FIR against Team Anna.\"I am of the considered opinion that if the entire evidence is within the reach of the complainant and no cusodial interrogation or discovery of any fact is required then registration of FIR is not required to be ordered,\" he added.The court's order came on a complaint by advocate Ravinder Kumar seeking direction to the Delhi Police to register an FIR against Hazare, Kiran Bedi , Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia and six others for allegedly disrespecting the tricolour during their anti-graft demonstration.While declining Kumar's prayer for registration of a criminal case, the court allowed him to lead evidence in support of his allegation, bringing his complaint under section 200 CrPC.\"Complainant has already filed bunch of media reports and photographs alleged to be evidence of act of respondents (Team Anna). In the case in hand complainant is in position to bring before the court all the necessary evidence in support of his allegations made in the complaint in respect of alleged offences,\" the court said and fixed the matter for April 2 for examination of witnesses.Kumar had annexed his complaint with pictures showing Kiran Bedi, a key member of Team Anna, allegedly waving a torn national flag and other protesters demeaning the Tricolour by mishandling it and painting it on their bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11819615", "title": "Geo-tagging, online payments will increase collections", "text": "BANGALORE: Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike's (BBMP) online property tax payment initiative ensures you don't have to face the harassment, queues and touts that are an integral part of visits to the corporation's offices. It's simple, and takes no more than a few minutes to complete the payment process.The website allows you to determine the zone in which your house falls and provides a simple tax calculator to calculate your property tax. The receipt you receive online once the payment is made has a digital signature and is the final receipt. You can print that to keep a proof of the payment made.Despite its relative simplicity, most people still prefer to stand in queues at physical payment locations. \"Out of over 10 lakh households last year (2010-11), only 70,176 people paid tax online,\" says I Ramakanth, deputy commissioner (revenue) at BBMP. The total online collection was Rs 34 crore.But the online number is growing. In 2009-10, 54,000 people had paid property tax online, out of the total of 11.73 lakh payments. Revenue collection from online was Rs 26.89 crore.The poor adoption rate is seen to be partly because of lack of awareness about how the system works. Some have apprehensions about revealing information online. Some people have been put off by failure at the payment gateway. \"Also, many feel the need to get a physical receipt,\" says Ramakanth.To increase revenue collection from property tax, BBMP has assigned a unique property identification number (PID) to every property based on the combination of ward, street and house number. BBMP will complete issuing PIDs to all 198 wards in the city by April. PID is integrated with the geographical information system (GIS) on the BBMP website. Properties are geo-tagged with all the information related to the ownership and dimension of the property.With the use of such technologies, evading property tax could become more and more difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11817763", "title": "MLA, 9 others held for beating up min's driver", "text": "Yavatmal: The Ner police have arrested Digras-Darwah MLA Sanjay Rathod of Shiv Sena and nine other party workers on Wednesday afternoon on charges of thrashing the driver of a vehicle in the convoy of state minister Nitin Raut on Monday night.PSO of Ner police station Vijay Sonone said he arrested Sanjay Rathod and nine other Shiv Sainiks on a complaint lodged by driver Madhukar Rathod, who was driving a vehicle in the convoy of district guardian minister Nitin Raut and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.Madhukar Rathod's complaint alleges that Sanjay Rathod and his supporters chased the vehicles of Raut and Manikrao Thakre on February 6 night when they were returning after visiting villages Balegaon and Kohla in Watfali ZP constituency. This is the constituency from where Thakre's son and outgoing ZP president Rahul Thakre was contesting polls.Madhukar was driving one vehicle in the convoy, and since the vehicles of both Raut and Thakre sped away, the Shiv Sainiks intercepted his car and pelted stones at it. They even dragged Madhukar out and thrashed him. Later, they took him to Ner tehsil office to file a complaint against Thakre and Raut for violating the model code of conduct.On receiving news of the incident, Darwah SDPO Ramesh Patil and Ner PSO Vijay Sonone rushed to the tehsil office and escorted Madhukar to the Ner police station. There he lodged a complaint against Sanjay Rathod and 15 others. The Ner police then registered criminal offences under sections 341, 332, 353, 147, 148 and 149 of IPC and launched a manhunt for the MLA and his associates, who had by then fled the spot.On February 7, Sanjay Rathod addressed a press conference and denied all allegations, claiming Thakre and Raut held meetings after the end of election campaign. He also alleged they distributed a huge sum of money in the Dalit localities of Balegaon and Kohla villages, 10km from Ner town.Sanjay Rathod also said he lodged a complaint against the Congress leaders with the election commissioner and demanded action against the duo. The Ner police have produced Sanjay Rathod and others before the court and sought their PCR. The court has not passed any order in this regard till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816652", "title": "History sheeter hacked to death in broad daylight", "text": "MADURAI: A history sheeter was hacked to death in broad daylight in a busy street here on Wednesday morning. B Nagu alias Nagendran (31) from Packianathapuram near Thathaneri was killed as he was returning from Sellur police station after signing conditional bail register. Nagendran was picked up by the police after he attempted to kill Kannan (33) from the same area due to enmity. Kannan survived the attack and Nagendran was booked under Goondas Act since many other cases were pending against him at various police stations in the city. He was involved in a robbery at Tallakulam six months ago and after his attack on Kannan, he was booked under Goondas Act, police sources said.The Goondas Act on him was revoked by a court order on January 31, 2012. He was released on conditional bail whereupon he needs to sign regularly at Sellur station by 10 am. On Wednesday morning, he went to Sellur station to sign and was returning on a bike. When he took a turn at RS Naidu Street near Sellur to proceed to Simmakkal area, four persons who came in two wheelers intercepted him and before he could respond, they started hacking him with sickles. He sustained multiple cut injuries and died on the spot. Police rushed to the spot and recovered the dead body and sent it to GRH for postmortem. Police suspect Kannan and his associates in this murder case and a special team was formed under Sellur Inspector, Vijayabaskar to nab the culprits, police sources said.Sellur Inspector Vijayabaskar said the motive behind the murder was prior enmity between the two who were both rowdies. Kannan loved Nagendran's sister and when he came to know about the affair, he warned Kannan not to go ahead with it. When he still continued, Nagendran tried to kill him by stabbing him five months ago. Nagendran was also involved in another murder case in 2006. He was convicted and was released after his sentence. \"We suspect Kannan and his accomplices Balamurugan, Pandian and Ramar who are absconding after the incident. A special team was formed and they will be arrested soon. Kannan was also involved in a murder case in rural police station limits,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817603", "title": "Chalking out a picture perfect dimension", "text": "On Wednesday, Bollywood actor Madhuri Dixit graced The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival with her beauty. Well, not in person, but so lifelike was the huge 3D chalk painting done by well-known American artist Tracy Lee Stum that it was almost as if the dhak-dhak girl was right there. Expectedly, hundreds of visitors crowded the 'canvas'-the Kala Ghoda parking lot-even as the painting was being done.\"The idea was to put up something the audience could relate to. Here, I realized it was Bollywood, so this art piece is a tribute to the city,\" says Stum, who was assisted by three Mumbai fine arts students. \"It took us a lot of time to draw the face, as we wanted to make sure the painting was as real as possible. The sun was extremely brutal in the afternoon but we managed to get it done by evening.\" Stum, who was invited by the US consulate general especially for the festival this year, has worked in the 3D chalk format for 14 years, and her sketches create an incredibly three-dimensional effect.Stum says she likes her work better with an audience around. \"I used to work on sketches alone in my studio but once I started painting for an audience, my work improved,\" says the artist who, in 2006, got into the Guinness Book of World Records for making the largest chalk drawing by an individual. \"I had reproduced a really large and detailed picture of Leonardo Da Vinci's Last Supper. It took me more than three weeks to finish it.\"Her three co-artists, Nikhil Ronak and Sachin Bonde from the JJ School of Applied Arts and Akshay Rajpurkar from L S Raheja School of Art, were happy to get a chance to work with a world-renowned artist. \"It took us all day to finish 90% of the painting,\" says Ronak. \"We will give finishing touches to it on Thursday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jhunjhunu/ alwar", "code": "11815529", "title": "We didn't know about Munni's past before marriage: In-laws", "text": "JHUNJHUNU/ ALWAR: A day after the Delhi Police arrested Munni, the biological mother of the two-year-old battered baby Falak, her in-laws said they felt betrayed and cheated.In-laws Santosh and Dhanna Ram said they just wanted to see their son Harpal settle down and claimed they were not aware of Munni's past at the time of marriage. In the wake of startling revelations, Harpal has been missing since Monday.Harpal had tied the knot with Munni on September 1 last year at a ceremony in Rohtak in Haryana.On Monday, Delhi police traced and identified Munni as baby Falak's mother who was allegedly forced to marry 50-year-old Harpal of Bhaunda village in Jhunjhunu district. This was Munni's second marriage for which she was paid Rs 2.5 lakh by a Delhi-based tout Shankar on the day of marriage.\"We just wanted to get our son married as we were not able to find any suitable bride for him,\" Dhanna Ram told TOI on Wednesday. One of their relatives had suggested Munni as a prospective bride for Harpal, he said.\"We were told that one of the two sisters was getting married into a family in Bharunda village. They had lost their parents and needed Rs 4 lakh to bail out their maternal uncle, who was in jail. As we did not get any suitable match for our son, we were lured by the idea and decided to get Harpal married to Munni,\" Santosh said.However, two months after the marriage the family got to know that Munni had three children from a previous marriage and hailed from Bihar.\"One day, I saw a cut mark on her abdomen and asked her about it. She told us she had undergone an appendicitis operation. We doubted her claims and took her to a hospital for a medical check-up. We found out that she had undergone a tubectomy surgery. Later, she told us that she was a Muslim and was married off at the age of 16 and had three children,\" Santosh added.Santosh and Dhanna Ram are now worried about their son who they claimed has gone missing since Monday. \"Neither the local police nor anyone in the village has any clue about Harpal whereabouts,\" they said.The case came to light when Delhi police established that Munni's real name is Munni Khatun and she is a native of Muzaffarpur of Bihar. Her father had worked in railways and she was married at a young age of 16 to a local goon Mohd Shah Hussain. Later, she had three children from Hussain, a five-year-old boy, a three-year-old girl and two-year-old Falak. Her husband had run away from home one year ago. Since she had no money for upbringing of her three children, she was allured by one Shankar to come to Delhi for a job and better living. Later, she was forced into prostitution by one Lakshmi and one day when she resisted her advances she was forced to marry second time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816825", "title": "\u2018Swan, 4 other firms incorporated by Reliance Infra officials'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ashish Tambawala, senior executive vice-president (accounts and finance) of Reliance Infrastructure Ltd, on Wednesday told a special CBI court that Giraffe Consultancy Services (P) Ltd, Zebra Consultants (P) Ltd, Parrot Consultants (P) Ltd, Swan Capital (P) Ltd and Tiger Traders (P) Ltd, all alleged associates of Reliance ADA Group, were incorporated by officials of his firm.\"It is correct that the aforesaid five companies (Swan Capital, Tiger Traders, Giraffe Consultancy Services, Zebra Consultants and Parrot Consultants) were incorporated by employees of Reliance Infrastructure Ltd or its group companies. It is also correct that the process of opening of bank accounts of aforesaid five companies was started by Ramesh Shenoy, company secretary of Reliance Infrastructure Ltd,\" he told special CBI judge O P Saini.Deposing as a prosecution witness, he said Swan Capital had changed its name to Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd and subsequently its name was changed to Etisalat DB Telecom (P) Limited and similarly, Tiger Traders changed its name to Tiger Trustees (P) Ltd.During his cross-examination, Tambawala said Reliance Infrastructure Ltd/Group did not deal in telecom.He said that even after the change of name of Swan Capital to Swan Telecom, he continued to be its authorised signatory. \"I never came to know that telecom business was taken over by Swan Telecom (P) Ltd, when its name was changed, though I learnt about the change of name subsequently,\" he said.Besides Tambawala, the court also recorded the statement of prosecution witness Nilesh R Doshi, a chartered accountant, who in 2006 was appointed as a consultant in Reliance ADA Group.He said that after he joined Reliance ADA Group as a consultant, he was appointed director of \"some companies (which) included Parrot, Tiger and Zebra\". On being shown minutes of the February 7, 2007 extraordinary general meeting of members of Tiger Traders (P) Ltd, he said it was chaired by Surendra Pipara as the chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11815012", "title": "Woman duped of Rs 40k chain", "text": "NASHIK: While the city police are having a tough time to control the menace of chain snatching and vehicles thefts in the city, there are apparently, new type of criminals are cropping up in the city.According to reports, on Monday at around 10.30 am, two miscreants impersonating as people who polish gold jewellery, approached the house of Sangita Ahire (20) of Shramiknagar , where they said that they give good polish to gold ornaments.While Sangita handed over her gold chain worth Rs 40,000 to them for polish, within a few minutes, the miscreants told Sangeeta that her that the gold chain had been kept in a tin utensils. They asked the woman to keep the chain in the tin utensil on a gas cylinder. After this within a matter of few seconds the miscreants left the scene with her jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815765", "title": "Maldives coup casts a shadow on tourists' holiday plans", "text": "MUMBAI: The coup in Maldives, which forced the republic's president to step down, has cast a shadow on tourists' holiday plans.Though no immediate cancellations were reported, many city-based tour operators received panic calls from travellers booked to travel to Maldives in the coming days. Most of the bookings have been made by couples for Valentine's Day , said travel agents adding that cancellations may follow if the situation doesn't stabilize in Maldives.\"Maldives is a destination for leisure travel. Due to the marriage season, there are many honeymoon bookings on the flights. People have alreadystarted panicking about their holidays,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels. Agents said reports of political turmoil have already caused apprehension among those who are to travel to Maldives.Pradip Lulla, director, Cupid Travels which has many clients scheduled to travel to Maldives for Valentine's Day, said, \"People have called to check if it is safe to travel there. However, most of them are waiting for the situation to improve or stabilize.\"Since airlines are operating to Maldives on schedule and hotels are assuring safety, people do not want to cancel and pay cancellation charges. The impact of the turmoil will be felt in the next few days.\"A Fort-based travel agent, too, was flooded with calls from people booked on flights to Maldives. \"I have asked them to wait for a couple of days before cancelling the trip,\" the agent said. Tour operators said unlike many countries, which have already issued travel advisory against travelling to Maldives, Indiahasn't issued any such notice. Hence, flyers can gauge the situation in the coming days and decide whether or not to go ahead with their holiday,\" said Ajay Prakash, from Travel Agents' Federation of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815919", "title": "Kin will not have it easy despite bloodline edge", "text": "MUMBAI: They look set to reap the advantage of their bloodline but for most political heirs in the fray the civic election will be anything but a cakewalk. Six sons of current and former legislators have been fielded despite parties promising to not promote dynastic politics but infighting and rebellion are threatening their chances. At four other places, brothers and sisters of legislators are facing stiff competition and despite apparent muscle and money power on display, nobody is taking results for granted, especially voters.The toughest battles are being fought in ward 1 (Dahisar), where the son of Shiv Sena MLA Vinod Ghosalkar is facing tough competition from corporator and senior Congress leader Rajendra Prasad Chaube. Abhishek Ghosalkar will also have to deal with 16 candidates who are likely to eat into his share. Another MLA son, Sagar Thakur is facing competition from 18 candidates in ward 26 (Kandivli). When the ticket was being given to Sagar, son of MLA Ramesh Singh Thakur, local Member of Parliament Sanjay Nirupam had objected but to no avail. \"The cadres are upset with the choice made by the party high command and are unlikely to support Sagar,\" a Congress functionary said.In most of these seats, political descendants have to deal with huge experience in the form of opponents as well as the large presence of independents and rebels who are likely to eat into votes. Congress MLA Rajhans Singh's son Nitesh, an MBA, is facing off brother of sitting corporator Shazia Azmi in ward 159 (Kurla). There are 18 other candidates in this ward. In Byculla's ward 204, Congress MLA Madhukar Chavan's son Sameer is facing competition from sitting corporator Vandana Gawli, sister-in-law of don-turned-politician Ar-un Gawli.Congress rebel Rohidas Lokhande is in fray too.Others facing a tough fight include Ritesh Sawant, son of former Congress legislator Shyam Sawant. Ritesh is contesting from ward 111 (Kanjur village) but has to deal with Congress rebel Sarwanand Pandiyan.From ward 182 (Dadar), son of former Congress MLA Sada Sarvankar, Samadhan Sarwankar, is facing rebel and sitting corporator, Meena Desai.Even the brothers and sisters of some legislators have tough opponents, among them brother of MNS MLA Praveen Dareker, and the brother of NCP MLA Nawab Malik, are facing rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814914", "title": "Special passports no longer valid for Haj", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Haj Committee will start accepting application forms for the Haj 2012 from March 1 until April 16, executive officer of the State Haj Committee S A Shukoor announced on Wednesday. He said that the committee will start distributing the forms later this month for the Haj that falls in the last week of October.In a series of decisions taken during the meeting of the executive officers of the State Haj Committees in Mumbai held recently, it was said that the no pilgrim will be allowed to travel on the special Haj passport which was the norm until recently. All pilgrims should have regular international passports whose validity should at least extend to March 31, 2013.\"The last date of accepting the passports along with pay-in slip for Rs 51,000 is April 16,\" Shukoor said. The remaining amount should be paid by July 19.This year there are only two categories for the pilgrims to choose accommodation from in Mecca as against three the previous year. Accommodation for Category A, which is also known as Green category, will be located within 1500 metres from the Haram or Kabatullah. In category B, the Azizia category, the accommodations for the pilgrims will be located up to 5 km from the Haram.According to sources, the Azizia category pilgrim will be able to perform the Haj in about Rs 1,07,000 while the cost for the Green category Haj would be around Rs 1,20,000. For this year's Haj, a pilgrim should be 70-year-old on February 29, 2012 to bypass the lucky draw system conducted to select among the large number of applicants. There was also the issue of when an infant, who can travel free since he is not qualified for a separate seat, becomes a child who has to have an air ticket. For that the date this year will be November 30, 2012.He also said that the Indian government has decided to ask the pilgrims to submit a certificate declaring them to be medically fit to undertake the journey .Haj KhabarApplication forms for Haj 2012 will be received from March 1The last date for accepting passports along with Rs 51,000 is April 16Two categories_ Green and Azizia_ this year as opposed to three last yearAzizia category costs Rs 1,07,000, Green category Rs 1,20,000A pilgrim should be 70 years old on Feb 29, 2012 to bypass the lucky draw systemMedical certificate mandatory to undertake the pilgrimage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816739", "title": "Mobiles can affect pacemakers: DoT", "text": "NEW DELHI: People with medical implants like pacemakers must not keep their cellphones on their shirt pockets.The latest directive by the department of telecommunication (DoT) says that \"people having active medical implants should preferably keep the cellphone at least 15cm away from the implant.\"An office memorandum, circulated by the ministry of communications and IT on January 25, says manufacturer's mobile handset booklets will have to contain the safety precaution.MoS for communications and IT Sachin Pilot said this was one of the recommendations made by the inter-ministerial committee that the DoT has accepted.\"Necessary changes in the design and packaging for compliance with this instruction will have to be in place on or before September 1,\" Pilot told TOI.Senior cardiologist at Escorts Heart Research Centre Dr Aparna Jaswal said it is safe for patients with implants to talk on a cellphone, but they must avoid placing it directly over the pacemaker implantation site when the device is turned on.\"The pacemaker could misinterpret the cellphone signal as a heartbeat and withhold pacing, producing symptoms such as sudden fatigue. The mobile phone must be kept six inches away from pacemaker site and the patient must talk on the phone from the other ear and not the one close to the site,\" Dr Jaswal said.India has over 900 million cellphone users.According to the US FDA , radio frequency energy (RF) from cellphones can interact with pacemakers which are called electromagnetic interference (EMI). If EMI were to occur, it could affect a pacemaker in one of three ways: stopping the device from delivering the stimulating pulses that regulate the heart's rhythm, cause it to deliver the pulses irregularly or cause the implant to ignore the heart's own rhythm and deliver pulses at a fixed rate.Pilot suggested that it would be mandatory for all mobile phone manufacturers to warn patients about keeping their cellphones away from implants, besides some other safety messages.The memorandum circulated by the ministry says cellphone manufacturers must mention the following: use wireless and hands free systems like headphones with a low power blue tooth emitter, make sure the cellphone has a low Specific Absorption Rate (SAR), keep your calls short or send a text message instead. This advice applies especially to children, adolescents and pregnant women. \"Use cellphone when the signal quality is good,\" the note says.The rate at which RF energy is absorbed by the body is called SAR. According to Pilot, the recommendations accepted include, \"SAR level for mobile handset shall be limited to 1.6 watt/Kg, averaged over a mass of one gram of human tissue, SAR levels have to be displayed on the handset, all cell phones will have to comply with BIS standards and shall come with hands free services with the manufacturers providing a self declaration of SAR value of the handset.\"The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) had recently said talking on cellphone could cause a malignant form of brain Cancer classifying radiation emanating from mobile phones alongside gasoline engine exhaust, lead and DDT as \"possibly carcinogenic to humans\".It said, \"The WHO/IARC has classified radiofrequency electromagnetic fields as possibly carcinogenic to humans (group 2B), based on an increased risk for glioma, a malignant type of brain cancer, associated with wireless phone use.\"Pilot said, \"We are not going to compromise with radiation limits since it has health-related concerns. The department of telecommunications set-up an Inter Ministerial Group in August, 2010, to evaluate the evidence, revisit radiation guidelines for mobile towers and adopt guidelines for radiation emission by cellphones. This group has recommended radiation limits more stringent than that of the United Nations .\"He added, \"We had called for self certification of all mobile towers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817829", "title": "State forest cover down by 400 hectares", "text": "NAGPUR: If the national forest cover has reduced by 367 sq km, the state has also a share of 4 sq km in it. The 'State of Forest Report 2011' released on Tuesday reveals that Maharashtra has lost its forest cover by 4 sq km i.e. 400 hectares, which is equivalent to 23 Sonegaon lakes. The loss is in addition to the forest cover going down by 11 sq km in 2009.The latest report has once again exposed the tall claims by the government that the state has 20% forest cover and it is increasing forest cover by taking number of steps like plantations on wastelands. As per the National Forest Policy 1988, a state needs to have 33% forest cover. However, the latest FSI report says it is only 16.46%. The FSI report is made public every two years.However, NB Majumdar, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for conservation, clarified that decline of forest cover was not a definitive index of loss of forest area. \"It is not necessary that drop in forest cover meant drop in forest area, but the fact also cannot be ruled out,\" he said.Majumdar said the Forest Survey of India (FSI) says cover means all lands, more than one hectare in area, with a tree canopy density of more than 10% irrespective of ownership and legal status. \"Such lands may not necessarily be a recorded as forest area. It also includes orchards, bamboo and palm,\" Majumdar added.The report, based on the interpretation of satellite data of October to December 2008, forest cover in the state is 50,646 sq km, which is 16.46% of the geographical area of 3,07,713 sq km. In 2009, it was 50,650 sq km, a loss of 4 sq km.The report states that in terms of forest canopy density classes, the state has 8,736 sq km area under very dense forests (VDF), 20,815 sq km under moderately dense forest (MDF) and 21,095 sq km under open forest (OF). In 2009, the VDF was 8,736 sq km; MDF was 20,834 sq km and OF 21,077. This means that forest cover has increased only in open forest category. The FSI assessment is that state has lost 3 sq km VDF and 19 sq km MDF, whereas OF has gone up by 18 sq km.National Wildlife Board (NBWL) member Kishor Rithe expressed serious concern over declining dense forest cover. \"Due to diversion of land under Forest Rights Act (FRA), I was expecting decrease in forest cover,\" he added.The districts which have recorded a change include Bhandara, Gadchiroli, Chandrapur in Vidarbha and Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg in Western Maharashtra.Veteran conservtionist Gopal Thosar said, \"It's a grim reminder of pressure on forests. More and more people are becoming dependent on forests for livelihood. Besides, there is an ever increasing demand for diverting forest land for development activities. Even the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) has failed to stop the loss of forest cover,\"Even forest officials admit that virgin forest is being lost to projects but in lieu poor forests are being developed due to bad quality of land given under compensatory afforestation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820321", "title": "Late afternoon do in Chennai", "text": "This soiree saw the social birds of the city head out in their pristine glory.This late afternoon do had all of them excited as they got to check out some new treats that they could splurge at this get-together. What we also noticed was how colourful this do turned out to be, with each of the ladies turning out in the most vibrant shades. A treat to the eyes it was indeed. And the canapes and coolers ensured that the city's social butterflies were all charged up when they discussed all the latest happenings in the city. With a hint of gossip, loads of fashion talk and many wallets being emptied, this was an event that proved to be a complete therapeutic experience for the ladies. Chennai surely is one happening city!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11815692", "title": "HC issues notice to mayor", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday posted the matter relating to extension of term of Lucknow mayor till the next local body election on February 17, while issuing notice to the mayor Dinesh Sharma. The order came from a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi on a petition of Ramesh Kapoor and three other city corporators seeking extension for the mayor. The petitioners had also cited certain orders in which the term of mayors in other cities has been extended. The court wondered that the petition was preferred by corporators, instead of the mayor himself. Hence, the court wanted to know the stand of the mayor on the issue.HC asks DIG to file response to petition: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday directed the DIG/SSP Lucknow to file response on a petition filed by a local lawyer Rubi who alleged that her property was looted and she had been manhandled in the recent riots, which took place in the Old City. A bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra also directed the state to provide her adequate security.HC restores security cover of Agarwal: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has restored the security cover of Samajwadi Party leader Naresh Agarwal. A division bench has permitted the state government to take fresh steps regarding the security cover in accordance with law. Agarwal had petitioned that his security was withdrawn due to alleged political vendetta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11807408", "title": "Kareena works for 19 hours a day", "text": "Despite Kareena Kapoor trying her best to keep her movie promotions limited to just that, things veer to her wedding every time she makes a public appearance. So much so that recent reports even suggested she was trying to hide a baby bump!In Delhi to promote her film, \" Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu\", she got candid about how disgusted she is with the new system of 'plugging fainting stories' in Bollywood.You didn't seem too comfortable coming out with so many fans around. Don't you think it's important for films to be promoted extensively? I think a nice press conference where you talk a little bit about the film works. I think that's important. I don't think what it's really come down to is important. I think the audience is very sharp. Anyone will see the promo and get a feel of the movie, and decide if they want to watch it or not.How about \"Agent Vinod\" then? Would you be changing a bit for that one considering it's Saif's home production? I think Saif's promoting the film a little more than I will. It's the title role. I'm anyway not keen on giving too many interviews. I generally don't... like I am not very into the PR strategy. That's not the way I look at my career. I don't indulge in false stories or things like that. People know me through my films and through my public appearances, and things that make my fans know the kind of girl I am, but it's not really important that I'm in the press.But isn't out of sight dangerous in Bollywood? But I'm clearly not out of sight or out of mind, am I? And interviews cannot make someone a star. Nor can promotions of any sort. I think it's your box office collections and your brand endorsements. Movies and being a star are just a part of my world. It's not my world. I've always been a girl who has separated my movies and my personal life. I've never spent my time in a way that... oh, it's 12 o clock at night and I'm still giving interviews, talking to the press, or putting out stories that I'm doing this or that, or that I've fainted. I clearly do have a life of my own and I hope my fans know that.Not talking as much as others could also imply that you are snooty, right? But I talk as much as any other actor, or actually as much as is required for a film. But, if I don't have any film releasing, what are they going to ask?About your wedding! Well, in that case, no one's going to get an answer. So, it'll be boring for the reader, for the interviewer and for me. Everybody is just making a fool of themselves. They'll not get an answer from either me or Saif. The kind of stories that are coming out are bizarre. I've just stopped reading. I think the readers have become sharp. There are no statements from either side, so why should anyone fill up their pages with false stories.But you can't avoid it too. Your relationship with Saif has always been in the limelight and will always be...It's sad. India's always trying to ape the west and they're trying to be like the paparazzi, like in LA. So, I just put on my best smile and simply walk on. Saif's just like 'Smile your way through... just put your head down and smile', and let them do their work. There are times I'd be really tired and looking disheveled, but now I'm like, it doesn't matter.The disheveled bit has clearly not worked for you in the past couple of days with it being suggested that you're hiding a baby bump... It's bizarre! Can you believe it? That's like... I don't understand. But I am happy looking disheveled. Clearly they don't know what Hollywood stars look like. I mean like please, it's so sad what things here have come to. A loose T-shirt means that I'm concealing a baby bump, it's disgusting.Learnt that early in life... I am lucky I come from a film family, and what's most important is to know that it's all a part of your life, it's not my life. I'm happy I know this. There's so much more permanence - love, family, my niece and nephew. I love travelling, I love food, I love going to Europe, I love watching operas, or going to the theatres, I'd love to go to the Louvre, but we never manage to make it because the queue is always so long and I keep telling Saif that we have to come back here. I love doing all these things and I can never do it all in India. I know India's where I come back for work, this is where work is.How do you take out time for the other things in your life when you yourself say you're working on five films a year? I work for 19 hours a day, I do five films a year and 15 endorsements, so I don't waste time doing anything else. I'm just back from a 20-day holiday and I'm getting back to work immediately. Also, I spend time outside in my own world and that's why I don't have many friends in the industry except Karan (Johar) and Manish (Malhotra). I don't go to many parties. I don't do the normal Bollywood route at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817479", "title": "Language no barrier for theatre students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to the world of creativity, language is certainly not a barrier for students of the department of Indian theatre at Panjab University, who come from the interiors of Madhya Pradesh, including towns of Chanderi and Kannod, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.They have no clue about the Punjabi language or culture but for the past two months, they have been learning the Malwai dialect and preparing for their annual theatre production \"Neon Jarh\", which is being showcased this week. Some students in the group of 25 grasped the Malwai dialogues in just 15 days.\"I had never read or talked in Punjabi before. Singing a folk song in Punjabi was too difficult and it took me nearly two months to be ready,\" said Manoj Mishra, who belongs to Devas in Madhya Pradesh. Mishra presented the folk song a?? Kavisher.Himanshu Diwedi, a PhD scholar who belongs to Chanderi near Gwalior, said, \"Emphasis is on creativity and acting. I picked up the correct pronunciations and diction in 15 days.\" Discussing the diverse cultural identities in the annual event, faculty member and director of the play, Navdeep Kaur, said, \"This year's production revolves around the social evil of female foeticide. No professional assistance has been sought and the entire show is an initiative by the students.\" She said use of imagery and multimedia, and live and recorded music, were the features of the production.Charu, who belongs to Pehowa in Haryana, said, \"We practiced hard to get our diction and pronunciation right.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11817996", "title": "Molecular marvel: World\u2019s first \u2018biological computer\u2019 is here", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists in the US claim to have developed the world's first 'biological computer' that is made from biomolecules and can decipher images encrypted on DNA chips.A team from the Scripps Research Institute in California and the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology claims it has created the computing system using bio-molecules, Angewandte Chemie journal reported.In the research, when suitable software was applied to the biological computer, the scientists found that it could decrypt, separately, fluorescent images of Scripps Research Institute and Technion logos. And, although DNA has been used for encryption in the past, this is the first experimental demonstration of a molecular cryptosystem of images based on DNA computing, say the scientists led by professor Ehud Keinan.\"In contrast to electronic computers, there are computing machines in which all four components are nothing but molecules,\" Keinan said.\"For example, all biological systems and even entire living organisms are such computers. Every one of us is a biomolecular computer, a machine in which all four components are molecules that 'talk' to one another logically,\" he said. The hardware and software in these devices, Keinan notes, are complex biological molecules that activate one another to carry out some predetermined chemical work.The input is a molecule that undergoes specific, predetermined changes, following a specific set of rules (software), and the output of this chemical computation process is another well-defined molecule.But, what a biological computer looks like?\"This computer is built by combining chemical components into a solution in a tube. Various small DNA molecules are mixed in solution with selected DNA enzymes and ATP. The latter is used as the energy source of the device.\"It's a clear solution - you don't really see anything.Molecules start interacting upon one another, and we watch what happens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11816066", "title": "Auto union leaders want cop cover", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto union leaders from Mumbai will meet senior police officers in Thane district on Thursday to seek protection for auto drivers plying in the Mira Road-Vasai belt.He added that the problem has existed for the past three years. \"Our drivers have been assaulted in Mira Road. We now demand complete protection from local police stations .\"An official from the transport commissioner's office said the rules allowed drivers to travel across the metropolitan region without paying toll charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817938", "title": "223 candidates left in fray", "text": "KANPUR: Three aspirants have withdrawn their names from the contest on the last day of withdrawal on Wednesday.After withdrawal and scrutiny of papers, 223 candidates are left in Assembly elections fray. The candidature of 11 aspirants was rejected during scrutiny. Voting would take place on February 23. The returning officers also allotted the symbols to the candidates.In all four, candidates have withdrawn from the contest. Uma, who had filed her nominations for Kalyanpur seat, withdrew her name on Tuesday. Ashok Kumar Kureel, a candidate of Prajatantrik Bahujan Dal and Sunil Babu from Indian Justice Party for Sisamau seat and Independent candidate Raj Shekhar from Cantonment constituency withdrew their nominations on Wednesday.According to final list released by the election office, 16 aspirants are for Bilhaur seat, 25 for Bithoor, 22 for Kalyanpur, 34 for Govind Nagar seat, 16 for Sisamau, 20 for Arya Nagar seat, 22 for Kidwai Nagar, 22 for Cantonment, 26 for Maharajpur and 20 for Ghatampur seat would contest the elections.Maximum number of 34 candidates are contesting for Goivind Nagar seat. Therefore, the election office had to place three electronic voting machines (EVMs) per booth. Bilhaur and Sisamau have 6 candidates each. One EVM would be placed in every booth in the two constituencies. In remaining seven seats, two EVMs would be placed per booth.There was some confusion among the independent candidates as they were not getting the symbols demanded by them. The returning officers explained them that the Election Commission had released a list of symbols. The symbols would be allotted according to number. A few candidates initially raised objections but later they accepted the symbols.Meanwhile, canvassing is gearing up in the city. A press release issued by BJP states that Lal Krishna Advani will visit the city on February 16 and 19, Nitin Gadkari will be in the city on February 13 and 18 Sushma Swaraj would address on February 12 and 16, Rajnath Singh and Vinay Katiyar would on February 14, 16 and 17, Narendra Singh Tomar would be in the city on February 13, 14, 15, 17, 18 &amp; 19 and Kalraj Mishra would address an election meeting on February 21.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817333", "title": "HC notice to officer who punished cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday sought an explanation from a senior police officer on why he had made a constable perform front rolls in full public view at the Patiala House court complex the previous day.The court was informed about the incident by a lawyer, R K Saini, who sought initiation of criminal contempt proceedings against additional deputy commissioner Seju P Kuruvilla for \"scandalizing\" the court by his method of punishment. According to some accounts, Kuruvilla had allegedly punished the constable for talking on his cellphone while on duty at a gate and for failing to properly frisk visitors.\"We issue notice to the Delhi police commissioner as well as to the additional DCP concerned. We also direct the Police Commissioner to file a status report on February 15,\" a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said, seeking a response from Kuruvilla by February 15.Saini told the court that Kuruvilla punished the constable for not saluting him, even tearing away his badge and snatching his phone. Citing various news reports on the incident, lawyer R K Saini alleged before the HC that the order of the district judge of the Patiala House courts in the matter was \"inappropriate as he has simply forwarded the complaint of some lawyers to the police chief for taking action\".\"The police officer, who himself was not in uniform, took exception to the behaviour of the constable who did not salute him. The police officer tore the badge and snatched his mobile phone and awarded inhuman and indecent punishment for a non-existing offence,\" Saini alleged, citing reports to support his plea.According to the complaint lodged, by some lawyers, after making the constable do front rolls, Addl DCP Seju P Kuruvilla tore off the badge from the constable's uniform, snatched his cell and used abusive language. These lawyers said they were protesting as they were ashamed by the act. Some lawyer had also filmed the entire drama on camera.Earlier, acting on their complaint, the district judge of Patiala House courts had directed the city police commissioner to \"proceed as per law\" against an \"erring\" additional DCP. In their complaint filed before Judge H S Sharma, the lawyers had said Kuruvilla had compelled constable Dinesh Kumar, who was on duty at gate number 6 of the court, to crawl on the ground in uniform. The judge also saw a video clipping of the alleged incident and asked the complainants to preserve it. The city police chief has asked the Jt CP of Crime Branch to conduct an inquiry. A senior cop said the Joint CP will record the statement of both parties and submit report at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816713", "title": "Youth fest of DAV College from Feb 9-12", "text": "VARANASI: 'Harmony 2012', the annual youth festival of DAV Post-Graduate College, is going to be held from February 9 to February 12 on college premises.Giving this information to media persons on Wednesday, its principal S D Singh saidthe four-day cultural extravaganza will be celebrated separately for art, literature and music. Series of events including folklore, classical, solo performances, literary, music, painting, photography, will be held on the occasion. The first three-days of the festival will be celebrated on inter faculty level while the final day of the cultural festival will witness all the inter college events will be marked with the presence of Bhojpuri actor Manoj Tiwari.A special event called 'Euphoric', featuring the cultural and cuisine of Punjab, will also be held on the last day of the youth festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816554", "title": "India assures all help to new Maldivian govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: India promised to assist and support the new government in Maldives after its new president Dr Mohammed Waheed made his first phone call to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday morning after assuming office on Tuesday.In a statement, the MEA said, the call was initiated by Waheed, and was brief. \"He reaffirmed the special and close ties that Maldives has with India and said that he was committed to upholding the Constitution of that country and the rule of law,\" Singh said India was ready to extend any support Maldives might need.Reports from capital Male quoted Nasheed as telling reporters that he had been forced to resign at gunpoint. \"I was forced to resign with guns all around me. They told me, if I don't resign, they won't hesitate to use arms,\" he said. This came as Waheed was making attempts to stitch together a grand coalition, by appointing new army and police chiefs.Waheed has been at pains to deny that it was a coup, preferring to call it a popular decision. India is willing to go along with that line as of now. But India would have cautioned against the politics of vendetta in Maldives. Waheed has declared that while he would not interfere in police action against Nasheed, he would not stop the former president's free movement, including out of the country. There have been reports that alcohol had been found in Nasheed's house, which is a violation of Maldivian law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11815423", "title": "CBI tightens grip on absconding Indra, as her deadlines to surrender draws near", "text": "JODHPUR: Keen to make Indra Bishnoi surrender in the Bhanwari case, the CBI has already started collecting details of property owned by her or in partnership and trying to trace her though IMEI ( International Mobile Equipment Identity) number of her possible mobile phones.The time period given to Indra to surrender through a public notice ends on Friday after which the CBI will attach her properties. Towards making this move, the CBI will now finalise details of property owned by her or in partnership with others, including her family members.So far, CBI had information about her business ventures with her brother Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, a trust in the name of her late father Ram Singh Bishnoi and an education society managed by her. She is also believed to own properties located at Tivasni, Bilara, Luni and Jodhpur. Mahendra Bishnoi, the eldest son of Malkhan Singh, was summoned to provide the details over the past two days.Moreover, the agency had collected information about the mobile phones she might be using through Reshma Ram, her close friend. \"She is reportedly in possession of a mobile phone purchased for her by Reshma Ram,\" a source said.Meanwhile, the CBI is still clueless on the whereabouts of Choga Ram Bishnoi, Amit Bishnoi and Shambhu Singh Khetasar, the three others in its list of absconders in the case. A notice had been issued to Khetasar by the CBI, three days back and his lawyer had intimated the agency that he had met with an accident and is currently undergoing treatment and will turn up as soon.\"The CBI has asked us that where has he been undergoing treatment currently and when he would be able to report to the CBI. The agency also asked if any of its officials can go to see him,\" his lawyer P S Bhati said.On the other hand, the CBI got a bank account opened in the name of Bhanwari's son Sahil in order to deposit the money, which has been announced for him by the CBI and police. He along with his grandmother and two his sisters had visited the CBI office two days back for the purpose, but in absence of complete formalities required, he had to come back on Wednesday and finally got his account opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817295", "title": "Stung Achuthanandan knocks on politburo's door", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Upset over the heavy dose of criticism packed in the working report presented by CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan in the ongoing state conference, central committee member and Opposition Leader V S Achuthanandan has made a formal complaint to the politburo.VS, in a letter delivered to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat on Wednesday, wanted the immediate intervention of the central leadership to make the report factual.Sources said the grave allegation that VS had conspired with high court chief justice V K Bali and Union minister Veerapa Moily to trap Pinarayi in the SNC-Lavalin case had irked him. The working report accuses VS of writing to Bali to ensure that Pinarayi is in trouble in the SNC-Lavalin case.It was also alleged that VS sought the help of a notorious broker to strike deals with the court. His studied silence when Moily challenged to declare whether the case was politically motivated or not has also been criticized in the report.Apart from the Lavalin case, remarks such as VS's interventions had worsened the Kiliroor case and put the party in trouble in Munnar were also cited by VS in the letter. Reacting to reporters in Kollam on Wednesday, VS said there was nothing wrong in levelling criticism. I will answer to criticism at the conference,'' he said.Sources said the discussion on working report on Wednesday also witnessed harsh criticism against VS. Delegates went on to call him 'betrayer' and 'class enemy' during the debate. Those who showed a little sympathy to the veteran leader suggested that he might be given one more chance to correct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11817506", "title": "Class XII kids have an emotional last day", "text": "LUDHIANA: The students of class 12th were given a warm send off at GMT Public School on Wednesday.A gala function was organized in the campus with the students first seeking blessing of the Almighty during a hawan. After this, they enjoyed several performances by their juniors, who also gave them titles.The head boy and head girl gave a speech, which highlighted their journey from junior classes till class 12. Modelling rounds and several games kept the students hooked.Mr and Ms GMT title was given to Surleen of arts and Amrinder of medical. Several other titles like Ms Beautiful Smile, Mr Handsome and Mr and Ms Well Dressed were given to Manpreet, Jasleen, Anil and Bhupinder. Principal Amarjeet Kaur presented mementos to the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820619", "title": "'Life! Camera Action...' to showcase in Lahore", "text": "Indian born, US based Rohit Gupta's globe trotting acclaimed feature, Life! Camera Action... has been invited as an official selection to screen at the Filums 2012 (Lums International Film Festival) in Lahore, Pakistan from February 10 to 12.The Filums 2012 is a creation of The Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS) in collaboration with LUMS Media Arts Society (LMA).In it's sixth year, it is one of the largest youth organized film festivals in South Asia and Pakistan. Over 150 entries were received from all over the world for the 2012 fest and the final selections will be presenting their creative talent through the medium of film.The aim of the event is to give the art of filmmaking a much needed resuscitation in Pakistan. It serves as an important platform for the youth, upcoming film-makers and enthusiasts to showcase their talent and come together to celebrate their passion. Last year's guests celebs included Reema Khan, Syed Noor, Usman Peerzada and Sarmad Khoosat.Life! Camera Action...stars Washington based award winning actor, Noor Naghmi, who won the 'Best Supporting Actor' award for his true to life role in this internationally acclaimed film at the World Music &amp; Independent Film Festival (WMIFF) 2011 in a star studded red carpet gala awards ceremony in August 2011.When asked to comment on the upcoming screening in his home-town of Lahore, Naghmi responded emotionally, \"I am pleased, thrilled and overwhelmed. For my award winning film to be shown in Lahore, where I come from, and where I started my career, is a humbling and gratifying feeling.\"Naghmi, originally from Lahore, began his career in 1964, aged 7, as a child actor in the first ever children's play for PTV Lahore. Noor's many film credits include 'The Sentinel' starring Michael Douglas and Eva Langoria , 'Tarana' with Rani and Waheed Murad, and 'Khushboo' with Shahid and Mumtaz. His latest projects include 'Spirits of Mumbai' a feature directed by John Tillotson to be released soon which also features Bollywood actress Pooja Batra of 'Virasat' fame.Naghmi convincingly plays the role of Uncle Sherdil in the movie, a supportive and encouraging father figure, who portrays his character to the desired depth of emotion to move the viewer to tears.He is presently in pre-production stage of a rib tickling film 'My big fake Indian Wedding', along with Rohit Gupta who will also be directing this much awaited dream project of Naghmi's.Written by Rohit and Amanda Sodhi, the movie takes audiences on a roller-coaster ride to discover what it means to pursue one's dreams and tells the inspiring story of Reina (played by actress Dipti Mehta), a young Indian-American woman who sets off to pursue a career in filmmaking against the wishes of her parents. She struggles to complete her annual film project, but realises her dream while working with her classmates and with encouragement from unexpected quarters.The movie has a talented cast led by Dipti Mehta, Shaheed Woods, Noor Naghmi, John Crann and a song sung by bollywood's favorite singer KK. LCA has won appreciation and numerous awards at international film festivals and has been tremendously praised by its audience, judges &amp; Jury around the world.As reported by Chaitali Nagpal Hireker - London UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "the state education board is set to usher in a more transparent evaluation system", "code": "11817449", "title": "SSC, HSC students can use RTI to see answer sheets", "text": "The state education board is set to usher in a more transparent evaluation system: starting this year, students sitting for the Class X state board exam and the Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) will be able to get a copy of their corrected answer booklets under the Right To Information (RTI) Act. In the past, the state board did not entertain RTI applications from students who wished to see their evaluated papers, but will now have to do so in accordance with an August 2011 SC ruling. Education officials said a circular has been sent to all city SSC schools and junior colleges directing faculty to ensure that students are aware of this new feature. The state board is yet to inform students of the procedure and deadlines.\"Students have every right to know where they went wrong and how they were marked. The SC order was announced a couple of months ago and we have decided to implement it this year itself,\" said Ravindra Bhise, divisional secretary of the state board. This new rule will also bring in a measure of accountability. The circular said that if the board finds fault in the marking process of a paper, which a student has submitted for revaluation, the examiner and moderator of that paper will be held responsible.In August 2011, the SC had announced that \"any student aggrieved by the marks awarded to him/her in the exams can now make an application and have a look at how the marks have been awarded\". Principals believe that other boards, too, should adopt this rule. \"Though we haven't been notified by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations, the ICSE board being a national board comes under the purview of the RTI Act. Our students should be able to avail of this feature,\" said Carl Laurie, principal of Christ Church School.This is a year of many firsts for the state board, which has announced that the final Science practicals for SSC students can be evaluated by the school itself. With a change in the Science and Math curriculum, the evaluation process for these subjects has also changed. SSC students will appear for a 60-mark theory (Science) paper at the examination centre. The remaining 40 marks are divided into 20-mark practicals and a 20-mark objective-type question paper, which will be conducted and evaluated by the school itself.\"As the internal marking for the rest of the subjects is handled by the school, we decided that even the Science practicals for Class X students can be held without the need for an external examiner,\" said an official from the state board, Pune. \"We aim to ensure that students get through the examination season with as little tension as possible. We are doing everything in our capacity to help our students,\" added Bhise. HSC exams will begin on February 21, while the SSC examination will start on March 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817813", "title": "New Panaji carnival panel sees Agnelo as chairperson", "text": "PANAJI: Following a meeting held with the chief secretary on Tuesday, the Panaji carnival committee was reconstituted yet again. Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) commissioner Agnelo Fernandes confirmed that he has taken charge as chairperson of the Panaji committee.Director of tourism Swapnil Naik told TOI that Francisco Martins has been chosen as the president of the committee, while Tony Dias will be the advisor. The carnival parade will be held in Panaji on February 18.This is the fourth time the committee is being reconstituted. The first committee included Yatin Parekh as chairperson and Francisco Martins as president, with over 50% of the committee members being CCP councillors. This was reconstituted and Fernandes was named chairperson and Joaquim Teles, president. However, Fernandes resigned as chairman citing preoccupations and appointed Martins as the new chairperson.However, the chief officers of municpal councils seem reluctant to accept the posts.Mormugao Municipal Council chief officer Elvis Gomes told TOI that he saw no need for chief officers (CO) to be named as chairpersons of the committees. \"Besides presiding over the meeting what other role does a chief officer have in the committee?\" Gomes questioned.\"I don't see any need (for COs to chair the committee),\" he added.Naik said instruction had been sent to the COs to form the committees with non-political individuals.He said a total budget of 90 lakh has been allocated by the tourism department to the committees to organize the Carnival. Of this, the Panaji committee will receive 30 lakh, while the Margao, Vasco, Mapusa and Ponda committees are to receive 15 lakh each. The department had invited applications for the fabrication of King Momo's float and the last day for submission was February 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11815059", "title": "Winter chill returns to city as Nashik, mercury slides to 8.4 Celsius", "text": "NASHIK: The cold wave, which had swept Nashik with the minimum temperature dipping to 4.4 degree celsius about a month ago, has returned once again.On Wednesday, the minimum temperature dropped to 8.4 degree celsius from 12.2 degree C on Tuesday, a decline by 3.8 degrees C. In the month of December and early January, Nashikites were experiencing winter chill with the minimum temperature dropping to 5.6 degree C on December 27. It further dipped to and further to 4.4 degree C on January 9.Subsequently, the temperature warmed up and stabilized in the range of 10 degree C to 14 degree C.With a sudden drop in the minimum temperature, it is hardly surprising that Nashikites have their woollens are out and citizens are all bundled up. and citizens have started wearing them.Temperature in Degree Celsius Date Min Temp (celcius) Max Temp (celcius)Feb 1 14.4 28.1Feb 2 12.0 31.7Feb 3 11.8 31.1Feb 4 10.4 31.6Feb 5 12.3 30.6Feb 6 12.5 31.9Feb 7 12.2 29.0Feb 8 8.4 24.0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11813826", "title": "SIT files final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint against Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the post-Godhra 2002 riots in Gujarat filed its final report before a local court on Wednesday but there was no official confirmation whether it had closed the cases against chief minister Narendra Modi .TV channels reported tonight that Modi got relief in the SIT report which, they said, has not found any evidence of chief minister aiding and abetting the riots following a complaint against him and 62 others by Zakia Jafri demanding his prosecution. However, there was no official confirmation and no SIT official was available for comment.Zakia's former Congress MP husband Ehsan Jafri was among the 69 persons killed in the Gulberg Housing society riots. Around 1,200 people were killed in the communal riots.The report was submitted in a sealed envelope by SIT officials in a magisterial court here as directed by the Supreme Court, sources in the court said. The magistrate has to now take cognisance of the report.It was submitted on a day when the Gujarat high court dealt a major blow to the Modi government censuring it for \"inaction and negligence\" during the riots, holding that this had resulted in an \"anarchic\" situation.On September 12 last year, the Supreme Court had refused to pass any order on Modi's alleged inaction to contain riots in 2002 and left it to the concerned magistrate's court to decide the course of action against him on the basis of the SIT report.The apex court was hearing a petition by Zakia alleging that Modi and 62 top government officials deliberately refused to take action to contain the state-wide riots, triggered by the February 27, 2002 Godhra train carnage.The SC had further said in case the magistrate decides to drop proceedings against Modi and others, he has to hear the plea of Zakia, who had filed a complaint against the Gujarat chief minister and others.Jaffri had told the apex court that a proper probe should be carried out by the SIT, headed by former CBI chief R K Raghavan, into her allegations of inaction and various acts of omission and commission by Modi and others during the riots.The apex court in 2009 had earlier handed over the task of probing the case to SIT which submitted its report in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11817565", "title": "State adds more items to essential services list", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has added 21 items to its existing list of 15 essential services that departments have to deliver in a time-bound manner. Eight out of the 36 services are related to ration cards, including issue of new cards, addition of family member or change of address.The time frame fixed to deliver these services is 3 to 15 days. Also, 10 services are related to the transport regulatory body. It includes registering and licensing authorities for which SDO (civil) is the designated officer. The time frame to deliver services ranges between 5 and 7 days. Release of new electricity connection, temporary connection and enhancement of load has to be completed in 30 days. The deadline for birth and death registration has been fixed at three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816453", "title": "Pranab backs Nilekani on PDS reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee took on the food ministry and publicly backed UIDAI chairman Nandan Nilekani's proposal to set up a new independent agency manned by professionals to computerise the public distribution system (PDS) as part of the reforms agenda and use the Aadhaar number as a base for the changes.Mukherjee was speaking at the meeting of state agriculture and food ministers in Delhi on Wednesday.TOI had earlier reported how the food ministry was ignoring the report of the committee chaired by Nilekani on computerisation of PDS and was rolling out a programme dependent more on the existing National Informatics Centre's network.Mukherjee, in a veiled criticism of the food ministry's move, specifically referred to Nilekani's proposal, saying, \"The National Food Security Bill 2011 specifically refers to the need for TPDS reforms to leverage Aadhaar for unique identification... the Task Force on Direct Transfer of Subsidies has recommended the creation of a National Information Utility for the computerization of PDS - the Public Distribution System Network (PDSN). Leveraging Aadhaar is one of the critical components in reforming the PDS.\"Nilekani's report had suggested that a public distribution system network should be set up as a separate agency to oversee computerisation and it should be staffed with professionals from inside and outside the government. It had taken cue from an earlier finance ministry report which suggested such special purpose vehicles be set up by the government to oversee e-governance where multiple layers of bureaucracy and agencies, including those in the state and Centre, are involved.A considerable part of Mukherjee's speech was spent on elaborating his belief in UID as the basis for reforms in the PDS as it gears up to meet the requirements of the National Food Security Bill. \"Use of the Aadhaar number in PDS will reduce duplicates, fakes and ghost beneficiaries in PDS databases which will result in reducing wastage and diversion in the system. Portability of benefits in PDS is of critical importance due to the migrant nature of India's poor population who are the most important targets of the Food Security Act. An Aadhaar enabled system makes access to PDS benefits portable across a state and also the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815195", "title": "Intelligence wing to outsource cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Claiming that they are overburdened, the state police's intelligence wing has decided to outsource the task of carrying out background checks of prospective contract employees of sensitive defence establishments and other public sector undertakings (PSUs) to district police.The state government has given its nod to a proposal sent by additional director-general (Intelligence) M Mahendar Reddy a few days ago. However, there are serious doubts over the efficiency of district police units in screening antecedents of individuals. As there are several defence establishments across the state, the background check of prospective employees becomes imperative since they would be inducted in sensitive units.\"In view of the multifarious duties being discharged by its personnel, the intelligence department is overburdened and hence it is not in a position to take up verification work of character and antecedents of private employees to be deployed in defence establishments, central government offices or public sector units. However, keeping in view the security angle, it is proposed to authorise all commissioners of police, superintendents of police of districts to get the checks done instead of the intelligence department,\" Mahendar Reddy said in the proposal sent to the home department. The state government has agreed to the proposal.Henceforth, the local police would carry out background checks besides verifying the residential address. Usually, the intelligence wing reportedly handles about 1,000 to 1,500 applications every year. The intelligence officials make a through verification of the prospective employee before issuing the Police Verification Certificate (PVC).Now, the concerned district police would issue PVC after completion of the verification process. The organisation seeking the services of police pays Rs 1,000 as service charges for each verification.A home department officer said the state intelligence wing would continue to act as a coordinating agency with district police, especially on issues of policy and the nature of inquires to be undertaken during the verification process.The intelligence wing requested the government that they be given a share (Rs 300 per application) of the user charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815226", "title": "Flower power resurrects Carey legacy", "text": "KOLKATA: Winter, the season of yellow leaves and naked trees, has for long added colour to the Bengali's palette and palate. But for a culture that thrives on good food and printed words, the link between the two is obvious to few - William Carey (1761-1834). As part of Carey's 250th birth anniversary celebrations, the Agri-Horticultural Society of India has dedicated its annual flower show on February 9-12 to the baptist from Northamptonshire, who became a pioneer of poriborton in Bengal.Incidentally, the Society was founded by Carey in 1820, and the annual flower show, still the largest in India, was started by him in 1828.\"The Society served as the de facto ministry of agriculture up to 1900. India owes a great deal to Carey as he pioneered the import of winter vegetables like cauliflower, cabbage, tomato and beet that were otherwise impossible to grow in Indian climate. From acclimatizing these crops to standardizing the cultivation techniques, Carey's role is unforgettable despite the current progress in biotechnology,\" says Sujit Chakravorti, former AHSI president and now in charge of its events. \"Apart from vegetables, he also improved the quality of cotton and sugarcane, among other crops. The idea was not to boost production for commercial gain, but to improve the quality of life of the poor,\" says Nirupam Sen , AHSI secretary.Carey's contribution went beyond the tilling fields. The leading force of the legendary Serampore Trio gave the biggest boost to Bengal's printing industry, introduced the idea of savings banks and lending libraries, campaigned successfully against the evil of 'sati' and was a major force behind the rise of the Bengali prose. Digdarshan and Samachar Darpan, the earliest vernacular periodicals and newspapers in India, were printed from Carey's press in Serampore, as was the English daily, Friend of India. He also translated the Bible in Bengali, Sanskrit, Oriya, Marathi, Hindi, Assamese and several other regional languages.\"The Portuguese first brought the printing press to India - in Goa in the 16th century. But it didn't flourish. Soon after, there was a lot of missionary activity in Travancore.William Carey's activities started after two major events took place in 1800, when he joined the Fort William college and installed the Serampore Mission Press in the then Danish colony. In Serampore, he teamed up with Panchanan Karmakar to make Bengali wooden types. But Carey is best known for printing fonts and his compilation of Bengali and Sanskrit dictionaries. That was a fantastic achievement,\" says Swapan Chakravorty, director general, National Library.In 30 years, the Serampore Mission Press printed over 200,000 copies of books in about 40 languages. \"Carey's printing of Matthew's Gospel was the first prose literature in Bengali,\" according to the US-based William Carey Heritage Foundation.But is Carey, whom Rabindranath Tagore called 'The Father of Modern Bengal', still relevant in the age of round-the-year cold storage and deskjet printers? \"It's easy to improvise once the foundation is laid,\" says the organization. Maybe that's why, agriculture-driven Bengal will always carry Carey in its heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817275", "title": "Bogus PAN card holder under scrutiny", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Last month during a raid on a city-based bidi trader, Gujarat commercial tax department officials found five PAN cards in the same name. During the operation, a bogus billing scam of over Rs 150 crore was unveiled. However, the recovery of multiple PAN cards of same numbers, got income tax (I-T) officials running. I-T sleuths are now trying to investigate on how the trader managed to get those cards and then evade tax using them.Senior I-T officials said that they have often been reported about bogus or duplicate PAN cards by Delhi and Mumbai offices.\"Central offices of the I-T department, which processes PAN card applications, often send us names or persons where it is suspected that they have availed duplicate cards. However, in recent times it's for the first time that during an operation we have encountered an individual with multiple PANs who has been caught in Ahmedabad,\" said a senior I-T official.I-T sleuths said that in 2005 all duplicate PAN holders were asked to surrender extra cards or face legal notice and pay a penalty of Rs 10,000. Officials said that the highest number of persons with multiple PAN cards has been reported in Ahmedabad.\"Most of the multiple PAN holders in Ahmedabad were engaged in business of stock market, finance or trading. These assesses had used bogus residential proofs like electricity bills to avail multiple cards.In the last one year, we have nabbed more than 1,000 bogus PAN cards in Ahmedabad,\" said an I-T official. Officials said to weed out bogus cards, the income tax department is mulling to issue bio-metric PAN cards.Box: Crackdown on corporatesThe Gujarat income tax department is all set to crack on corporates and individuals that have defaulted on payment of their self-assessment tax. The department has received a list of thousands of assesses, who have not paid self-assessed tax for the year 2010-11. The list includes 828 individuals and corporates, who have to pay Rs 50,000 or more of self-assessed taxes. The department has to recover Rs 84 crore from these assesses. Officials said delay in self-assessment tax attracts a one per cent a month interest levy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815257", "title": "CM rules out power tariff hike, forms task force", "text": "KOLKATA: A task force against the compulsion to raise tariff.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has completely ruled out a hike in power tariff. Instead, she has formed a \"task force\" to ensure uninterrupted electricity in the districts in the season of boro cultivation, and the forthcoming examination months.The chief minister dropped her \"significant\" decision at the administrative review meeting at Krishnagar in Nadia while reviewing the power situation and the progress in rural electrification.She told power minister Manish Gupta, power secretary M K De and officials of West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company (WBSEDCL) that since summer was nearing and the demand would peak, the power department must be on its toes 24 X 7 to ensure that there were no prolonged power cuts. She instructed power minister Manish Gupta and power secretary M K De, officials of West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company (WBSEDCL), that since summer was nearing and the demand would peak, the power department must be on its toes 24 X 7 to ensure that there were no prolonged power cuts.The CM sounded especially concerned with over the plight of farmers who would face interruption in boro cultivation. Boro cultivation requires for which extensive watering from the pumps which run on by electricity is required.The state has been facing power shortfall even during the lean winter months since it is extremely difficult for the cash-strapped state utility, West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL), to procure fuel from the coal companies. The cash-crunch has now run up to Rs 1,100 crore to coal companies - Eastern Coalfields, Bharat Coking Coal, Mahanadi Coalfields.This is consequent to WBSEDCL not filing tariff revision petition for recovery of the cost rise in the last fiscal to the regulator, within the extended timeline of October 31, last year, thanks to Mamata Banerjee's populist stance. The utility had already sought two such extensions by the West Bengal Electricity Regulatory Commission (WBERC) to seek tariff revision. The situation will worsen with days to come as sub-stations can't be built because of non-availability of land. Neither are the power companies getting way-leave permissions, nor are they being permitted to build transmission towers.The power companies are not getting way-leave permissions not given to build transmission towers either.A number of meetings with the chief minister and the power minister, by officials of WBSEDCL and WBPDCL, has failed to notcut any ice with the chief minister and now the coal, companies have threatened to stop supply unless some of the dues are cleared. The coal companies have been writing regularly to WBSEDCL and WBPDCL - as have ministries of coal and power. What's more, the state utilities are in such dire straits that the coal stock hasn't been built up for there haven't been coal stock built up forthe scorching months ahead, when supply will peak. A senior official said, \"Usually we keep 15 days built-up stock, but now we have barely three days' stock.\"The poor financial condition of the power utilities has made their ratings go down in banks and financial institutions who have been constantly turning down loan applications constantly. WBSEDCL is reportedly having a deficit of Rs 200 crore per month and WBPDCL has debts of more than Rs 3,000 crore.Meanwhile, since January, consumers served by WBSEDCL have been paying a power tariff of Rs 4.71 per unit - 44 paise per unit more (or 10 per cent higher) than the Rs 4.27 that they were paying till now - after the WBERC upheld the state-run distribution company's claim to charge Rs 4.71 per unit, on an average, instead of the Rs 4.27 it had been forced to charge since March this year, due to a pending litigation. The tariff petition was submitted before the Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress-Congress alliance came in power in May 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817702", "title": "Few graduates in fray in \u2018upmarket\u2019 areas", "text": "If you choose your candidate on the basis of educational qualifications in the civic elections, the options are limited; Class I pass, Class 10th fail or a graduate. A handful of candidates contesting from the upmarket Colaba, Churchgate, Bandra and Khar areas are graduates.An analysis of affidavits filed from A ward (Colaba) and H-West ward (Bandra) throws up a depressing picture; while in Colaba (wards 224, 225, 226 and 227) of the 36 candidates, only 10 are graduates; in Bandra (wards 93, 95, 96 and 97) 11 of the 32 are graduates.Political parties have fielded candidates who have not even completed schooling. For instance, the Shiv Sena has fielded Ganesh Yashwant Sanap (ward 224) who has studied till Class IX. MNS candidate Vishaya Gopichand Tahle (ward 225) has passed Class IX.Colaba also has candidates who are Class I pass, like independent Vimal Kashinath Kadam (ward 226). But Colaba can boast of citizen candidate navy captain Vijay Shivdasani (retired), who has got a degree from the Royal Military College of Science, UK.Colaba resident Jyotsna Solanki said, \"It is sad to know that we have such under qualified candidates contesting. We at least expect that graduates will be contesting. No wonder we are provided such bad civic services. How will they understand the procedure in the civic house if they haven't even completed formal education?\"The picture isn't any better for Bandra. Most undergraduates are independents, with the lowest being a Class III pass, like Suresh Dabhi (ward 95). Like Colaba, Bandra too has a Boston University graduate in Mekla Manghnani (ward 95).Former civic chief D M Sukhtankar said, \"One must consider the 50 % women's reservation in this election. Many backward class women would not have had access to formal education and it does not mean that they will not be able to handle civic procedures. Take the case of former chief minister Vasantdada Patil, who did not complete his education but effectively handled state affairs. No doubt that they will need certain amount of training.\"Civic activist Aftab Siddiqui, however, feels educational qualifications are important. \"The biggest shortfall in our system is the lack of understanding. If corporators are not educated enough, how would they handle big civic projects? This is exactly why they keep mum in the civic house when it comes to important issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11817579", "title": "Pausilipo joins Congress", "text": "MARGAO: Providing a boost to the election campaign of Loutolim MLA Aleixo Sequeira, his former rival Pausilipo Dourado who had contested against him in the 2007 assembly elections joined the Congress on Wednesday.Sequeira along with Congress party president Subash Shirodkar and Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao welcomed Dourado in the party fold and expressed confidence that the party would win with a thumping majority from Nuvem in the forthcoming assembly elections.\"Pausilipo was a former Congressman and I am happy to have him and the support of his group which will help me walk through Nuvem constituency in the upcoming elections,\" said Sequeira.\"I feel his performance is much better this term as compared to his previous term and he has done a lot of development for Nuvem,\" said Dourado who polled 3,534 votes during the last elections. Alemao said that Dourado was his personal friend and he had urged Dourado to join the party and support Sequeira. Alemao further stated that Dourado and former Save Goa Front contestant from Loutolim, Remy Fernandes would both be supporting Sequeira.Fernandes who extended his public support to Sequeira recently, polled 4,894 votes while Sequeira had polled 6,435 votes .Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11817779", "title": "MLA, 9 others held for beating up min's driver", "text": "Yavatmal: The Ner police have arrested Digras-Darwah MLA Sanjay Rathod of Shiv Sena and nine other party workers on Wednesday afternoon on charges of thrashing the driver of a vehicle in the convoy of state minister Nitin Raut on Monday night.PSO of Ner police station Vijay Sonone said he arrested Sanjay Rathod and nine other Shiv Sainiks on a complaint lodged by driver Madhukar Rathod, who was driving a vehicle in the convoy of district guardian minister Nitin Raut and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.Madhukar Rathod's complaint alleges that Sanjay Rathod and his supporters chased the vehicles of Raut and Manikrao Thakre on February 6 night when they were returning after visiting villages Balegaon and Kohla in Watfali ZP constituency. This is the constituency from where Thakre's son and outgoing ZP president Rahul Thakre was contesting polls.Madhukar was driving one vehicle in the convoy, and since the vehicles of both Raut and Thakre sped away, the Shiv Sainiks intercepted his car and pelted stones at it. They even dragged Madhukar out and thrashed him. Later, they took him to Ner tehsil office to file a complaint against Thakre and Raut for violating the model code of conduct.On receiving news of the incident, Darwah SDPO Ramesh Patil and Ner PSO Vijay Sonone rushed to the tehsil office and escorted Madhukar to the Ner police station. There he lodged a complaint against Sanjay Rathod and 15 others. The Ner police then registered criminal offences under sections 341, 332, 353, 147, 148 and 149 of IPC and launched a manhunt for the MLA and his associates, who had by then fled the spot.On February 7, Sanjay Rathod addressed a press conference and denied all allegations, claiming Thakre and Raut held meetings after the end of election campaign. He also alleged they distributed a huge sum of money in the Dalit localities of Balegaon and Kohla villages, 10km from Ner town.Sanjay Rathod also said he lodged a complaint against the Congress leaders with the election commissioner and demanded action against the duo. The Ner police have produced Sanjay Rathod and others before the court and sought their PCR. The court has not passed any order in this regard till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816579", "title": "Joyalukkas to invest Rs 50 cr in Singapore foray", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi-based jewellery retailer Joyalukkas is looking to expand into the Singapore market with its first showroom in the island state in April this year. The group currently operates 85 jewellery-cum-textile showrooms in India, West Asia and the United Kingdom.The new showroom will be part of the retailer's global expansion plan.\"The company is investing Rs 50 crore in the new showroom and the funding will be raised through bank loans from Dubai,\" P P Jose, executive director of Joy Alukkas group said. \"The showroom will display both gold and diamond ornaments and create 15 jobs locally,\" he added.The company had in November last announced its plan to open shopping malls in eight cities in South India.The biggest one in Kochi will have floor space of 5 lakh sq ft and be ready by 2013, Jose said. Kozhikode, Thrissur, Alappuzha, Thiruvananthapuram, Coimbatore, Palakkad and Kottayam are other cities where the shopping malls under the banner of 'Mall of Joy' will be set up.\"The Kozhikode mall will feature 2 lakh sq ft of space, of which 1.25 lakh sq ft will be reserved for our internal use, while the remainder will be rented out to retail companies,\" Jose said. The mall will be operational by end-March, he added.A prominent name in jewellery retail in Kerala, Joyalukkas was originally launched in Abu Dhabi in 1986, before expanding in the Gulf countries.It later entered the domestic market in 2002, with a showroom in Kottayam. Today, it has eight showrooms in Kerala and a major presence in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11816186", "title": "Throw them out of Soudha, says Hazare", "text": "BANGALORE: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Wednesday said the three ministers involved in the porn-clip scandal in the Karnataka assembly must be jailed.Hazare, recuperating at Bangalore's Jindal Institute of Naturopathy, told TOI: \"The ministers must be thrown out of Vidhana Soudha. It is really sad that one of the ministers was holding the women and child welfare portfolio. Legislative assemblies are like temples where people's policies and laws are made. Look what they are doing. All political parties must be blamed for giving tickets to such politicians.''He said: \"People have voted for you and made you their leader. You have a great responsibility. Remember the society is watching every movement of yours, what you eat and what you drink. What kind of an example are you setting by indulging in such activities? The future of our country is in danger. Time has come for all of us in the country to unite and rescue it from such people.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "11816847", "title": "Goodbye to slums, they will have a home", "text": "MALAPPURAM: For the poor and homeless in town, a roof over their head is a life-long desire. Now with the work on a unique township for economically backward classes of society nearing completion in Kainode, this dream is turning into a reality.Out of 184 houses, 100 are ready to occupy. It will be handed over to the families at a public function to be held in the last week of March. According to municipal authorities, the remaining houses will be ready in four months. Constructed under the theme of 'Green Houses', all houses will have provisions for rainwater harvesting and solar energy.The municipality had drawn up a list of eligible beneficiaries on the basis of the recommendation of respective ward councillors. After approving the list, the civic body collected Rs 30,000 from each beneficiary as an advance amount to the total cost of Rs 50,000 for each house.K P Musthafa, municipality chairman, said the houses will have all the facilities including water supply and electricity. Build over an area of 7.5 acres of land owned by the civic body, the total cost of the project is Rs 25 crore. The Centre has granted Rs 17.5 crore under the Integrated Housing and Slum Development Programme project. Each house will have a living room, bedroom, kitchen, and toilet.The civic body has already spent Rs 10 crore for the first phase of the project, which was started in 2009. The construction cost of each house is Rs 2 lakh. According to Musthafa, the remaining Rs 7.5 crore out the Central allocation will be insufficient to complete the work.The civic body is now planning to allocate all the unutilized funds of other projects for this purpose.All the houses in the township will have lights powered through solar system, which will be installed and maintained by Energy Management Centre (EMC), an agency under the state government.The beneficiaries will also have the option of an electrical connection. A waste treatment plant also was set up in the area as part of the project. The construction of roads and drainages has been completed. The township will also have storm water drainage, a community centre, an Anganwadi, a playground, and a park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816207", "title": "Cops fan out to catch railway pole robber", "text": "Throughout Tuesday night, Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel checked vacant train coaches near Bandra station, looking for a pole robber who had mugged a train guard at dawn. But in the absence of a description of the accused, the cops had to return empty-handed.TOI reported on Wednesday, the only paper to do so, that a mugger robbed a train guard after masking a signal. The incident occurred in the early hours on Tuesday between Bandra and Mahim stations. The local was Churchgate-bound. This is a new way to rob train passengers, motormen and guards.The mugger covers a signal with a piece of paper or a similar object, compelling the motorman to slow down. His victims then become easy targets.The police have registered a case of theft against an unknown person and are scanning records of regular gangs of pole robbers operating in the area. The GRP, which is investigating the case, as well as the Railway Protection Force ( RPF), which is concerned with railway property (in this case the signal), have stepped up security at the spot.\"We have instructed our personnel to board the first up local from Bandra station every morning, get off at Mahim and then walk back the entire stretch on the tracks, looking out for miscreants. Every signal has been checked and hideouts of pole thieves examined,\" said senior inspector V R Dhopavkar. The Bandra-Mahim stretch is notorious for muggings involving pole robbers, with nearly four police complaints being registered every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11815144", "title": "UP polls off to big-bang start with record 62% turnout", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh voted with a vengeance as polls got underway on Wednesday with voters braving rain and waterlogged streets to post a record 62% turnout and possibly signaling a mood for change. Voting took place in the first phase across 55 constituencies in 10 districts.The surge in the numbers was fuelled by young voters, who this time make up for a third of the total electorate. In 2007, the state witnessed only 46% polling. The Election Commission said 62% polling was the highest since Independence, beating the 57.13% polled in 1993 when SP and BSP joined hands against the BJP after the Babri Masjid demolition.This time, the increase in voters was witnessed in both urban and rural areas, though it was the urban middle class which came out in much higher numbers to vote compared to 2007. The districts which went to poll included Sitapur, Barabanki, Faizabad, Ambedkarnagar, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Gonda, Sidharthnagar and Basti. The region is rich in agriculture but highly backward. In 1993, the same 10 districts had only polled 46.36% votes.In 31 of the 55 constituencies, which went to polls, the Muslim population is over 20%. With all political parties barring BJP aggressively wooing Muslims, the turnout was high. Long queues were seen outside polling booths in Muslim-dominated areas.Sixty-five-year-old Bilkis Bano in Kasimpur village of Gonda was out despite a massive downpour to cast her vote. \"Pani tou barasta rahega, par vote dubara thodi hee dali payenge (It will continue to rain but we will not get another opportunity to vote),\" she said. Similar scenes were witnessed in Muslim-dominated villages in Sitapur, Barabanki, Balrampur, Basti and Bahraich.The turnout of urban middle class was also encouraging. Mahant Sarjukunj in Ayodhya, Yugul Kishore, said that after the Ram Temple movement in the late 1980s, this is the first time he has seen the middle class coming out to vote in such large numbers.In Barabanki city, 70-year-old Phoobali not only came to cast her vote but also brought her five daughters-in-law to exercise their franchise.\"Yahi tou mauka hai, netayon ko sabak sikhane ka. (This is the time when we can teach lessons to politicians,\" she said. Kunti Devi (65) in Khairabad, Sitapur, said that she has come to vote for change. \"We want development,\" she said. The youth, though, were the most enthusiastic of the lot, both in urban and rural areas. They also appeared to care the least about caste and communal factors.\"I am not voting for any party but a candidate. You can hold a candidate responsible the next time he comes back to ask for votes but parties fool us by changing candidates and raising unnecessary caste and communal issues,\" said Ramhet in Bharkhamau village in Barabanki.Sumedha Gupta, a medical student pursuing her course in Lucknow, took leave to go to Barabanki to cast her vote. \"I am inspired by Anna Hazare. We need to vote to keep the corrupt out,\" she said. Chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said the increase was witnessed both in the urban and rural areas of the districts, but he added that urban voters turned up in larger numbers.Initial estimates of state election officer showed that the percentage was almost 15 to 16 points higher than in the last assembly elections in the districts. Sinha said women and first-time voters were enthusiastic about the polls.The turnout was relatively lower in Balrampur, Siddharthanagar and Shravasti where poll percentage stood at around 58%, he said. Total candidates in the fray in the 55 constituencies on Wednesday were 862.Prominent names whose fate was sealed in the EVMs included three ministers in Maya government -- Lalji Verma, Ramhet Bharti, Sangram Singh Verma. From SP, former assembly Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey, deputy leader of SP legislator party Waqar Ahmed Shah.Daddan Mishra, who was minister in BSP government, is contesting on BJP ticket.From Congress, Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma's son Rakesh, Domariaganj MP Jagdambika Pal's son Abhishek and Bahriach MP Kamal Kishore's wife Poonam are in the fray. While the dalit population in various constituencies in the region is between 17-30%, other backward classes (OBCs), mainly Kurmi, Aheer and Lodh constitute 20-25% and Brahmin are 8-11%.The BSP is depending on its dalit, Muslim and Brahmin combination. Congress's new social engineering formula which also includes backward classes besides dalits and Muslims has been put to test in the elections. The BJP is hoping to gain from split in Muslim votes and polarization of Hindus on the issue of Muslim quota. SP party has again put its bet on the vote combination of OBCs, Muslims and Thakurs. Over 670 companies of Central forces, over 33,000 police personnel and over 41,000 home guards were deployed for the elections. Over 1,000 polling booths were declared sensitive.There were stray incidence of polling getting disrupted due snags in the electronic voting machines.Around 25 EVMs had to be repalced. Besides, there were also complaints of anomalies in the voter lists in some booths. People boycotted polls at a few places but by and large elections were peaceful.A presiding officer in Gosaiganj constituency in Faizabad was replaced following complaints that he was trying to influence voters.Times ViewThe high polling percentage in UP in the first phase is indeed a very welcome trend. That people braved bad weather to come out and vote in high numbers has a lot to do with the concerted efforts made by the Election Commission to raise awareness among the masses that every vote counts. One can now expect that the polling percentage will go up further in the remaining phases, thus reducing the chances of an unsuitable candidate winning simply because a majority chose not to vote.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820162", "title": "Shruti Haasan\u2019s \u2018luck\u2019y moment", "text": "The actress and her first co-star, Imran Khan , were the only actors present at PM's high-profile banquet.It was Dhanush first. And now, it's his 3 costar Shruti Haasan who's had the rare honour of dining with the Prime Minister of India in the capital. The actress was in Delhi on Tuesday to attend the banquet at the Hyderabad House. She says that it was a memorable moment that she will cherish for years to come.\"The PM of India had thrown a banquet in honour of the PM of Mauritius, and I was invited for it a couple of days ago. I was very excited and felt honoured to be attending such a high-profile event. It was a formal occasion,\" she says.Did she get a chance to interact with the PM of India? \"No, the guests weren't called on individually to talk with the PM. We were just introduced to him. He then spoke about the PM of Mauritius,\" she recalls.While the rest of the guestlist comprised officials, ministers and bureaucrats, Shruti did have company in actor Imran Khan. The two of them have earlier worked together in Shruti's Bollywood debut, Luck. \"It's very rare to come across such interesting mix of people under the same roof. Imran and I were the only two actors to be present on the occasion and we caught up on what's happening in our lives and careers,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814912", "title": "Magsaysay award winner to help city's slum women", "text": "NASHIK: Ramon Magsaysay award winner of 2011, Neelima Mishra, who was in the city on Wednesday to inaugurate the exhibition of Lok Biradari Prakalp, will soon be starting self-help groups for the slum women of Nashik in association with the Rotary Club.\"I have been trying to start something in Nashik since the past 3-4 years. There are many slums here where women work as domestic helps. These women mentioned that they spend most of their earnings paying interest. We have therefore decided to do something jointly. The Rotary Club will be starting work from this week,\" Mishra said.\"The life of underprivileged women in the urban areas is very different from those in the rural areas. Urban life in the slums is very difficult and that is why we are focusing on this area first. We will gradually move into rural areas,\" she added.The Magsaysay awardee is also striving to free land belonging to farmers in Nandurbar.Dr Vijay Malpathak, psident of the Rotary Club of Nashik said, \"These are the core areas of the Rotary internationally. Our club is already working on projects like this. We will be undertaking micro finance projects in association with Neelima Mishra's project and are going to begin work immediately.\"Dr Malpathak said that the Rotary Club of Nashik will start projects in Nashik city first and then move on throughout the district.This pioneer project could set a good example in Nashik, Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816532", "title": "Liquor auction timing raises questions", "text": "VARANASI: When the process of assembly election has to be completed by first week of March and new government is to be formed by middle of March, what was the hurry to complete the process of auctioning the liquor shop licenses for 2012-13 financial year in December 2011?This is the question haunting the contractors who failed to get licenses of liquor shops despite taking part in the lottery process and those who succeeded in retaining their licenses or getting license for new shops.The Monday's raids at excise department's godown is also proving to be an alarm bell for the license-holders of liquor vends as well as the officials of the department as they have started realizing that if the Bahujan Samaj Party fails to return to power, there is a great possibility of cancellation of lottery process conducted on December 22, 2011.On December 22, 2011, the process of lottery to provide licenses for the liquor shops for 2012-13 financial year was conducted under the supervision of district magistrate Ravindra, DIG Ram Kumar and district excise officer (DEO) Dheeraj Singh at the Riffle Club. The news licenses will become effective from April 1. During this exercise, the number of Indian-Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) shop licenses increased to 147 from 140 in the district. However, the number of country-made liquor shop licenses reduced to 217 from 256. The number of beer shop licenses was increased from 117 to 122 while the number of model wine shop licenses also increased up to nine from seven. During the lottery process, the excise department generated a revenue of Rs 70 lakh as for 495 shops as many as over 1100 forms were submitted.If the excise department sources are to be believed, the Mayawati government had already estimated that the next assembly election polls can take place in January-February in 2012. Due to it the liquor policy of state, which is normally prepared for the period of one financial year, was prepared for two years before the end of 2009-2010. The district was given the target to collect a revenue of Rs 272 crore in 2011-12 financial year.Excise department sources said that whether this practice was followed in the state under the impression that the Mayawati government would come back to power again after 2012 assembly polls, or it was taken under the pressure of Ponty Chaddha lobby -- that maintains monopoly in liquor trade in the state and came to limelight following the recent IT raids at his premises in UP and Delhi - the Monday's action has clearly hinted that a change in liquor policy after the elections is imminent.The excise officials are also tightlipped on the question as to where the extra money charged per bottle of liquor in the state in the past five years has gone. With the issuance of notification of assembly election, a surprise change was noticed in the liquor market when charging of extra money (from Rs 5 to Rs 20 per bottle) against the printed maximum retail price was stopped at liquor shops. Sources said that money thus earned had been pocketed by the lobby that maintains the monopoly in this sector. If the excise department sourcesElections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817263", "title": "Technical varsity to keep politics out of campus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state technical university on the anvil would keep political interference at bay from the academia. There won't be a senate or syndicate for the proposed university which would bring the engineering colleges in the state under one roof. This, in turn, would mean that the academia would remain free from political interference.The draft bill for the university, which is under preparation in the education department, would bring the engineering colleges under it in three sections- constituent colleges, affiliated autonomous colleges and affiliated colleges. \"There would be a board of academic experts, which will be the supervising body, consisting of eminent academicians and government representatives,\" sources in the education department told TOI.While the role of the university will be limited, more autonomy will be granted to the colleges affiliated to it. \"The university will decide the standards of the colleges based on the AICTE norms, which can be revised periodically. If any of the college fails to meet the prescribed standards, the university can de-affiliate the college and the degree will not be awarded,\" sources said.Meanwhile, the colleges will have a greater responsibility of preparing the syllabus and exam calendar, conducting the exams and declaring the results.The concept of technological university is adhered to the Technical Education Quality Improvement Programme (TEQIP) of the Centre, which is a project funded by the World Bank to improve the quality of technical education in the country. TEQUIP is a Rs 1,550 crore programme, which comes with many riders, foremost being the autonomy of institutions.\"Only the College of Engineering,Trivandrum, was included from the government sector in the TEQUIP phase-I (2003-2008). In the second phase, excluding the Wayanad and Idukki engineering colleges, all other government engineering colleges will be covered. Academic autonomy is mandatory for all the colleges to be included in this project,\" state director of Technical Education J Letha told TOI.According to a Government of India-World Bank study titled 'Scientific and Technical Manpower Development in India,' multiple control mechanisms and controlling regulations had stifled innovative initiatives in recruitment of faculty, admission of students, curriculum revision and upgrading and financial management in most institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11816310", "title": "SP will watch interest of all parties: Akhilesh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Samajwadi Party (SP) state president Akhilesh Yadav said \"the party which won four seats in Bihar, five in Tamil Nadu and wants SP support at the Centre, is now issuing threats of imposing President's rule in UP. Party workers should unite and cast their votes in favour of SP so that it forms the government with full majority\".While campaigning for party candidate in Karchana, Yadav claimed that SP workers had been facing unwanted troubles since past five years and even fake cases were registered against them. He said that SP would provide laptop and tablet computers to rural kids and help in reducing the gap between the rural and urban areas.He also assured that once the SP forms government in UP, roads connecting villages to cities would be constructed, debt of farmers worth Rs 50,000 would be waived off, fertilizers would be given on subsided rates, free water and electricity supply and other facilities would be given to the people of the state.It is difficult to catch up with the \"speed of cycle\" in UP for parties like BJP, Congress and BSP because more than 75% of educated persons in the state are supporting the SP, he said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817617", "title": "Snowfall in HP brings chill back", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Snowfall on late Tuesday evening in Shimla made Wednesday morning chillier in the Tricity. Weather experts predict that the next few days and nights will be as chilly as Wednesday and that the western disturbances will again hit the Tricity around the weekend. On Wednesday, the maximum temperature was 17.2 degrees celsius -- two notches below Tuesday's 19.2 degrees celsius a?? and the minimum 6.4 degrees celsius, same as the previous day's.Chandigarh meteorological department director Surender Paul says, \"The next couple of days will be like Wednesday, as light cold winds are likely to blow across the tricity . The night temperature might also go down because of the cold winds and snowfall in HP and J&amp;K.;\"\"A few days ago, the minimum temperature was around 12 degrees celsius. In the last 48 to 72 hours, it has dropped significantly. Friday might see a further change in temperatures, with western disturbances hitting the area. It will bring the maximum temperature down and a marginal upswing in minimum temperature,\" he adds. Thursday and Friday are expected to be misty with the maximum temperature ranging between 18 and 19 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816651", "title": "Maharaja's: Regal to the core", "text": "KOCHI: Only one college in the state has been constructed on the lines of the Cambridge University, London , and it is in Kochi. And this college is older than the famed St Xavier's colleges in Kolkata and Mumbai, Chennai Loyola, and St Stephen's, Delhi. And it is none other than Maharaja's, Ernakulam.Do you have any clue how big the 136-year-old college campus was?Well, the Irvin Park, which later became Subash Bose Park, was originally the botanical garden of the college. And originally, the Park Avenue Road which connects Durbar Hall Road and Shanmugham Road was a road running through the campus.It was Reverend Xeily, the founder principal of the college, who decided to construct the college buildings on the lines of Cambridge University. He designed the principal's room in such a way that a person looking from the room could see the opposite shore of Lake Vembanad on the western side.On the literary front, the winner of first Jnanpith G Sankara Kurup, wrote his masterpiece Odakkuzhal while he was a faculty of the college. The transition of Malayalam poetry from romanticism to modernity can be traced to Maharaja's with many towering figures in literature, who were students here, drawing inspiration from its ambience. Changampuzha Krishna Pillai, Vyloppilli Sreedhara Menon, G Sankara Pillai, P Sachidanandan and Balachandran Chullikkad are alumni. Nobel laureate Gunter Grass had an interactive session with the students of the college way back in 1973 when he was not known to many. And in 2006, renowned linguist Nom Chomsky delivered a lecture at the centenary hall of the college.The college history hall too has witnessed history being made. The Kerala Cricket Association was formed here 51 years ago. The college has produced over half-a-dozen Ranji players, K Balachandran and Jayaram being the prominent names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816718", "title": "Only SIT chief changed, not team: Govt tells HC", "text": "KOCHI: The high court observation about the special investigation team (SIT) being disbanded is not correct. Only the head of the team probing the larger conspiracy behind the 2003 Marad riot had been changed, the government submitted to the court on Wednesday.Except N P Balakrishnan, a SP in SBCID SSB wing, who had retired, and SIT head CM Pradeep Kumar, no official who was originally part of the team had been shifted, states the affidavit filed by DGP Jacob Punnoose.A petition by Kolakkadan Moosa Haji challenging the transfer of the SIT chief had come up on January 20. The division bench had then asked the DGP to clarify why the SIT had been disbanded and its chief transferred while the case was still pending. According to the petitioner, the move was to paralyze the investigation into the Marad case. The court had then warned that it would order reconstitution of the SIT with the same members as investigation had not yet been completed. The state police chief should convince the court if he did not want the court to resolve to such a measure.The head of the SIT was not from the IPS cadre, but was posted as the superintendent owing to lack of IPS personnel. Subsequently, when IPS officers became available, the SIT head had been transferred, the affidavit filed on Wednesday said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817957", "title": "Rainfall beneficial for rabi crop: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: Widespread rainfall is a blessing for the farmers. According to agricultural experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, the rain had reduced the burden on farmers of irrigating the fields at a high cost.\"The showers were scattered and simultaneous, hence very beneficial for rabi crop. Even the acid developed in the mustard crop had been washed, making it better,\" said Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist, CSA, Anirudh Dubey said.The continuous rise in both maximum and minimum temperature leads to formation of acid in mustard crop. It had to be removed by the farmers by irrigating the fields or by adopting various costly measures for its removal.The rain had also lowered the chances of pests and insects in the crop.The winter crops like wheat, pulses, oilseeds, sugarcane, chickpeas, potato etc require temperatures between 6-10 degrees Celsius and light rain to grow. Rainfall between December 15 and January 15 is considered best for production.According to agriculturists, light rain in February can increase production by 10 per cent. But no rainfall and high temperature would mean underdeveloped granules in wheat and pulses.Also, the production of chickpea will increase with the rain, especially in the areas where mid or late sowing was conducted. There will be a slight loss to the chickpea crop where it had reached the flowering stage.The experts claimed that the present showersw are beneficial for rain-fed cropping system, which is widespread in the region.In Uttar Pradesh, there is a large area cultivated under rain-fed crops. Under this type of cropping system, irrigation depends n artificial sources. The rain helped in the irrigation activity.\"If the crops are at a chemical irrigation stage, then the farmers must opt for a coating of urea in the fields as soon as possible. A top layer dressing of 30 kg urea per hectare will add to the fertility of soil and crop production as well,\" Dubey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816318", "title": "Netizens aim tweet barbs at netas", "text": "By Wednesday afternoon, 10 of the 6 trending on Twitter were on the ministers caught watching pornography, some of the main trending were #porngate, Karnataka Assembly, Sadavi, etc. The netizens lashed out at the politicians soon after the controversy broke.\"The #porngate ministers were just doing what all politicians do. Watching others do their 'jobs' instead of doing their own.\" This was one of the many tweets that appeared soon after the news broke.Even after 24 hours of the incident, responses were pouring in. Youngistanis were at their sarcastic best in their comments. \"Just another day in Parliament. Ministers sit back &amp; watch as people get screwed. #porngate,\" read one of the tweets.Another tweet read - \"That awkward moment when a reporter asked Savadi, 'Aapko kaisa lag raha tha jab aap video dekh rahe the??'#porngate.\"\"Sirf calling ke liye phone rakhna... old idea, better ideas have been shown by Karnataka ministers,\" another tweet read.Under the trending tweet 'excuses', users provided excuses to the ministers to escape. One of them read, \"#PornGateExcuses minister says there is nothing wrong in it, every student watches it during classroom sessions and we are presenting youth.\" Another tweet in the category read - \"#PornGateExcuses we were just trying to find out wat online content upset Kapil Sibal so much!\"Many of the comments were about why the right wing groups have not reacted to the indecent behavior by the ministers. One read, \"Now what Ramsena is gonna do? They can only use moral police system on common people (I still remember their attack). Now show ur(sic)moral police system (although I feel it is none of their business to force their view on others), then u can claim you are really a savior of culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817542", "title": "4 new Harbour line services from Feb 14", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line commuters have much to cheer for. From February 14 midnight, a revised timetable comes into effect, translating into four additional services. The Central Railway has promised to improve punctuality in services on Harbour Line that witnessed delays and cancellation over the past two months since the traction conversion from Direct Current to Alternate Current on Western Railway.The timetable has been revised for the trans-Harbour network, too, but there will be no changes in CR's main line services. According to the new timetable, CR will introduce four additional services on Harbour line and two additional services on trans-harbour line. CR has also decided to cancel the 12.27 am Panvel-Belapur local.CR said timings of some of the existing services have been postponed or advanced by a maximum 4 minutes to run the Bandra-Andheri services purely with AC-DC rakes for seamless operations.VA Malegaonkar, CR's chief public relations officer, said, \"The aim is to ensure that all Harbour line services on CSTBandra-Andheri route will run on AC/DC enabled trains. DC trains have been withdrawn from this section.\"Previously, there were instances of the trains to Bandra or Andheri getting cancelled due to mismatch in linkages. For example, a DC compatible Panvel-CST train was scheduled to leave for Bandra from CST as per the existing timetable. Since DC compatible rake is unfit to run on Bandra-Andheri route due to conversion of traction system from DC to AC on WR, the authorities had no option to cancel this service to Andheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/jaipur", "code": "11815464", "title": "Border areas reel under coldwave spell", "text": "JAISALMER/JAIPUR: Cold wave conditions further intensified in the state on Wednesday as most districts recorded a sharp dip in temperature, the Met office said. Jaipur recorded a minimum temperature of 7.3 degrees, nearly two degrees below normal.The border district of Jaisalmer reeled under the cold conditions, with a few regions recording a minimum temperature of -2 and -3 degrees Celsius. In the Chandan area of Jaisalmer, the minimum temperature dropped to -2 degrees, while Jaisalmer City shivered at -1 degrees.The district police have made special arrangements for cops patrolling at night. \"In the past few days, we have made provisions for tea for the cops on night duty,\" said SP, Barmer, Santosh Kumar Chalke. A vehicle carrying hot tea travels to various checkposts and other places and serves tea to policemen deployed there, the SP said.A similar service for BSF jawans had been started earlier.Meanwhile, other districts too saw a sharp fall in the temperature. Churu posted a minimum temperature of 1.8 degrees Celsius followed by Pilani at 2.3 degrees, Sriganganagar at 2.6 degrees, Bikaner at 3.4, Vanasthali and Ajmer at 4.2 degrees each. Kota was relatively warmer at a minimum temperature of 11.7 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11817705", "title": "Vishnu Wagh's wife in hot water over distributing money", "text": "PANAJI: A flying squad has sent a report to Agasaim police to take necessary action against Vishnu Wagh's wife. Vishnu is the BJP candidate for St Andre constituency.The flying squad had received a complaint that Wagh's wife, Aruna Chodankar, was campaigning for her husband and distributing money. The squad intercepted her vehicle in St Andre constituency, but only found 1,600 on her. However, they grew suspicious when they found four purses with the BJP symbol and Wagh's name written in Devanagiri and Roman script on them.In another complaint, a supporter of a political aspirant from Porvorim complained to the police that she has been getting threatening calls from unknown persons on her landline.Sangeeta Kanetkar, who is a strong supporter of political aspirant, Rohan Khaunte, said in her complaint to the Porvorim police that unknown persons have threatened her asking her not to campaign for him.Police have registered a case against unknown person.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816653", "title": "Medical council issues notices to 14 doctors", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) has issued show-cause notices to 14 Pune-based doctors, who were earlier found guilty and also convicted under various provisions of the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, 1994.\"All the 14 doctors will have to reply within 15 days as to why the MMC should not take action against them under the PCPNDT Act 1994, modified 2003, and Maharashtra Medical Council Act 1965,\" said Ramesh Dahiganokar, registrar, MMC. TOI has a copy of the notices sent to the 14 doctors.In the past, the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) health officials had filed criminal cases against these doctors for violating the PCPNDT Act and against whom charges had been proved in the court. \"All the 14 doctors had had to pay penalty as a punishment for violating the norms,\" a PMC health official said.\"These 14 doctors were running sonography centres without obtaining mandatory registration, which is a grave offence,\" said the health official. If the doctors fail to provide satisfactory explanations, then their names are likely to get removed from the MMC registry and they will be debarred from practicing in the state.\"After a show-cause notice is served, the doctor concerned is called before the MMC's executive council to explain his/her stand. If he/she fails to appear or fails to provide satisfactory explanation then he/she may face temporary suspension of registration as a practicing doctor. MMC's action depends upon the actual infringement of the Act,\" said senior gynaecologist Sanjay Gupte, an MMC member.\"As per section 23 (2) of the PCPNDT Act, if the charges are framed by the trial court, then registration to practice as a doctor issued by respective state medical council shall be suspended till final disposal of case. If court convicts any doctor under the PCPNDT Act, then registration shall be suspended for five years and for subsequent offence, the registration of MMC shall be cancelled forever,\" said advocate Milind Salunkhe, PMC's counsel on PCPNDT cases. In December 2011, the MMC had suspended the registration of five doctors - Madhav Trimbak Sanap and Sayyad Tarak Ahmed Sayyad from Beed, Bhausaheb Haribhau Katkar and Kirtikumar Vasant Argade from Kolhapur and Mohankumar Bandopant Nagane from Pune.The MMC has suspended their registration till the court proceedings for conducting sex-determination tests in violation of the PCPNDT Act are completed. They have been told that during the suspension period, they would not be allowed to carry out any type of medical practice. They would face further consequence if they do so, as per the law. Charges have been framed against them by the Judicial Magistrate First Class in Beed, Kolhapur and Pune. This was the first time since the enactment of the PCPNDT Act in 1994 that such stern action was taken against medical practitioners.\"We are committed to taking stringent action against those violating the PCPNDT Act,\" Dahigaonkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11814790", "title": "Tropex showcases naval might", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what could add edge to the country's indigenous weapon capabilities, the Indian Navy has acquired another aircraft carrier, INS Vikramaditya, from Russia . It would be added to the naval fleet next year, while another indigenous aircraft carrier, built in Kochi, is set to join the fleet in a couple of years.Defence minister A K Antony, who was here to observe the Navy's annual theatre level readiness and operational exercise (Tropex), said that the new aircraft carrier would showcase the naval prowess and add stealth to the naval operational capabilities. He witnessed the successful launch of BrahMos, the supersonic long range anti-shipping missile, from the recently upgraded INS Ranvir class destroyer in the mid-seas off Vizag coast on Wednesday.He said 26/11 changed the security matrix of the country, highlighting the critical requirement of maritime security and the important role of the Indian Navy. He also said that the Navy was increasing its capabilities to meet the ever-increasing challenges.Sources said new weapon sensors, communication systems and tactics were tested and tried to optimise the combat power of the fleets during the Tropex. Over 40 surface combatants, submarines and a large number of aircraft, including UAVs, took part in the exercise.The minister witnessed INS Shivalik execute various combats, including a 'surface gun shoot'. INS Viraat, the flagship of the western fleet, demonstrated the raw power and optimal use of the weapons on board. Antony also saw the firepower of the recently upgraded Sea Harriers, Su 30MKI aircraft, Mirages and Jaguars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11815157", "title": "KMC can't cut trees around Victoria without court nod", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) will now have to appeal before Calcutta high court if it wants to cut or even trim any tree in the vicinity of Victoria Memorial. And if it gets the nod, the trimming will be supervised by horticulturist, the court said on Wednesday.KMC has also been asked to plant saplings around Victoria Memorial to save the marble monument from vehicular pollution. This was agreed upon by the civic top brass after a high court division bench sent government pleader Ashok Banerjee and municipal commissioner Arnab Roy to Victoria on Wednesday after hearing a PIL filed by environmentalist Subhas Datta.Ashok Banerjee and Arnab Roy were asked to inspect the place and report back on Datta's allegation that the civic body is 'hacking' parts of trees around Victoria to facilitate the installation of designer street lights.The two officials inspected Victoria Memorial, where trees have indeed been trimmed. Datta accompanied them as part of a joint inspection team.The municipal commissioner assured the government pleader that a new plantation drive around Victoria Memorial would be undertaken shortly. Roy also assured that KMC would engage experts before trimming trees around Victoria. \"We will ensure that only small branches are cut for beautification projects,\" Roy said. Subhas Datta and the government pleader said they were satisfied with the assurance.The division bench of Justice P C Ghosh and Justice M K Choudhury had issued the inspection order after Datta alleged that KMC was violating the high court's September 28, 2007, guidelines in which the court had asked for the creation of a \"three-tier green belt\" around Victoria Memorial to protect it from environmental hazards. Datta accused the KMC of destroying the environment around Victoria by trimming trees to set up designer streetlights. A large number of trees have suffered due to unscientific trimming, Datta alleged.The judges observed that no one can be permitted to violate the high court's order. Beautification in and around Victoria Memorial can only be done in compliance with the 2007 directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817186", "title": "Woman accuses of being tricked into marriage", "text": "BHOPAL: A Indore-based woman has charged an army personnel with rape and blackmail. The 27-year-old woman alleged that she was tricked into marriage and the accused after raping her made objectionable clips and used them to blackmail her.The woman lodged a complaint with the Hanumanganj police on Wednesday against one Manish Baghel, said to be working in the Army.The victim, an engineering graduate told the police that the accused, Manish Baghel had tricked her into marriage last year. She alleged that Manish later raped her and also made an obscene video of her.The police said Indore-based woman was blackmailed by the accused for over a year now. The fresh incident took place on Wednesday evening when accused called her at a hotel room in city and again outraged her modesty. Subsequently, she lodged a complaint with Hanumanganj police station.Besides, the prime accused, Manish Baghel, his brother, Shubham has also been made an accused in the case, as he helped in getting the victim to the hotel room. Manish Baghel reportedly told the police that he is working with the army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11816177", "title": "Growth brings along woes to eastern edge", "text": "The diversity of S ward is matched only by the variegation of its problems. Within its 64-sq-km area fall the swish societies of Powai as well as the hilly areas and slums of Bhandup, Vikhroli and Kanjurmarg. As can be expected in such a melange of a place, problems vary from erratic water supply to irregular garbage collection, from land encroachment to flooding. Next door, in T ward (Mulund, Nahur, Vihar), residents complain of thick pollution, poor drainage and traffic snarls.For residents of Powai's high-rises, lack of open spaces and occasional water shortage are the biggest grievances. However, for the dwellers of the slums-there are about five lakh of them-and chawls in S ward, the big issues that need urgent government attention are access to clean water, proper drainage and garbage disposal.Snehalata Dalvi, Shiv Sena corporator from Konkan Nagar and Bhatti Pada, says that garbage disposal has been a problem in the areas for years. \"Getting trash cleared is a Herculean task. Despite several complaints and follow-ups with the BMC, the problem persists,\" says Dalvi.Bhandup and Kanjurmarg have big slum pockets such as Tembhipada, Khindipada, Sonapur, Konkan Nagar, Hanuman Nagar and Farid Nagar. Annabai Thorat, a resident of Hanuman Nagar, complains that the slum has \"no fixed water supply timing\".\"Garbage vans hardly come to the slum and rubbish gets piled up for days, resulting in spread of illnesses. The sewage lines are clogged and the area gets flooded during the monsoon,\" he says.The other problem in Bhandup and Kanjurmarg, residents claim, is industrial estates that improperly dispose of their hazardous waste. Land encroachments have made matters worse in S ward.In adjoining T ward, pollution is a serious concern. A tyre factor in Nahur, says resident Narayan Patil, keeps emitting smoke all day long. \"Black dust gathers and we are unable to keep windows and doors open. White clothes get sooty if we stand out in the open,\" adds Patil.Mulund, too, is suffering the by-products of development. Unprecedented residential and commercial growth in the area in recent years has put tremendous pressure on the civic infrastructure. \"There was a time when we thought ourselves lucky because we did not have the same problems as other wards. Today, we face frequent water cuts. LBS Marg is largely choked,\" says C Unnikrishnan, a resident of Mulund since 1992.Most civic complaints from Mulund are related to poor drainage during the monsoon. After industries made way for residential buildings and malls along LBS Marg, 12 spots cropped up where choked drainage frequently leads to flooding.Mulund residents also complain of unbearable traffic snarls. The worst stretches, they say, are the road outside the railway station and Panch Rasta. \"It is difficult to get autorickshaws outside the station. They do not want to ply within Mulund due to the traffic jams,\" says Satya Chumbale, a resident of Mulund East. MNS candidate from Mulund Satyawan Dalvi says, \"There is great scope for improving the ward. There has been no political will to improve the conditions here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815601", "title": "Rajasthan University students in limbo in absence of placement cell", "text": "JAIPUR: At a time when private universities and colleges are offering attractive placements to their students, Rajasthan University (RU) does not even have a placement cell of its own and is struggling to find jobs for its students.RU has six constituent colleges with student strength of over 27,000 in all undergraduate and postgraduate colleges. Despite being talented the students are left to their own devices for finding jobs, that, too, only after completion of their degrees.On the contrary, in private institutes, most students walk out with a job in their hands due to placement cells. These cells, managed by competent personnel, liaise with government departments, public and private sector undertakings and arrange jobs for their students.\"Students who come with queries related to professional courses ask for placements first. Not having a cell to provide jobs to students is a major drawback,\" Deepak Saxena, director, RU students' advisory, said.Few departments/constituent colleges for MCA and MBA did manage to find jobs for their students. Other departments like Centre for Converging Technology and Sociology have approached job portals and concerned organizations with profiles of students to provide them with better employment options.\"Unfortunately, our students have to struggle for jobs despite fulfilling all required qualifications. We are trying, nevertheless, but a centralized placement cell that has data of all the students would attract more opportunities than our individual efforts can,\" said professor Rajiv Gupta, head of department, Sociology, RU.Owing to no provision for jobs, most students are compelled to enroll in some short professional degree/certificate/diploma programmes to enhance their employability.There are some colleges affiliated to RU which have roped in some multinational companies for placements. Maharani College has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with BPO giant, GENPACT. The company has set up a training centre at the college campus where they train students to enhance their soft skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11817457", "title": "Girls turn academic 'goldmine', impress President", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: With girls dominating the list of gold medalists and research scholars in Kurukshetra University, daughters of the state forced President Pratibha Devisingh Patil to question why boys are lagging behind in performance in the institution.All 11 gold medals went to girls and of the total 180 scholars, who were given PhD degrees, 176 were females. The 4 males included Mauritius Prime Minister Navin Chandra Ramgoolam and Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , who were conferred honorary doctorate by the university.The President made the remarks while delivering her address. Apparently, the girls' performance forced the President to go extempore on the subject.\"I am not going to praise their (girls') achievements, but I want to ask the boys why they are behind. Males and females are like the two wheels of a vehicle and both should be strong. If one is not strong, then we would not be able to succeed in the mission. Girls are doing extraordinary, that is a good sign. But it is not a good sign that boys are nowhere in the picture of gold medalists,'' the President said in a lighter vein.The President's remarks evoked light moments in the hall which was packed to capacity and pin-drop silence prevailed in the auditorium as she delivered the convocation address.At the same time, the remarks put girl scholars and gold medallists on cloud nine. \"Reaching this stage, scholars have a lot of responsibilities towards the country. We shall certainly take up the special mission in motivating boys to excel,'' Savita, a gold medalist from science stream, said.Joining her was Deepika Sharma, another gold medalist in languages and art. She minced no words while saying, \"Lot of things have changed for good. But, certainly, the remark made by madam is a cause of concern. I am sure boys shall live up to the expectations as there is no dearth of talent and excellence in them. It was just a chance that girls outnumbered them here,'' said Deepika.Miniature Gita presentedSandeep Bhatt, a resident of Patrehri village, had never expected this kind of reciprocation from the President of India after he gifted the record-winning miniature form of world's smallest handwritten Gita. Soon after getting a copy of the smallest Gita, the President asked Kurukshetra University vice-chancellor Dr D D S Sandhu, to take special care of his career prospects. The size of the Gita was 1.7cm-1.3cm.The President's gesture came after she came to know that Sandeep was a small time village shopkeeper. \"Soon after madam came to know about my source of income, she asked the vice-chancellor to explore employment opportunities for me to keep this art alive,'' Bhatt told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11817752", "title": "22 cable ops booked for evading tax", "text": "NAGPUR: Offences were registered against 22 cable operators at 10 different police stations for providing illegal connections. Entertainment tax department of the collectorate had conducted a survey towards the end of the last year in which around 2,500 illegal connections came to fore.Sources in the entertainment tax department stated that the erring cable operators, including those politically connected, did not have valid trade licence for doing business. This way, they were evading substantial entertainment tax and inflicting loss on the government.Offences have been registered at Gittikhadan, Yashodhara Nagar, Pachpaoli, Tehsil, Nandanvan, Imambada, Ajni, RP Nagar, Jaripatka and Koradi police stations. It is learnt that the operators booked were affiliated to four major players in the cable network of the city. tnnThe connections provided by unauthorized cable operators were in the slums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "azamgarh/ballia", "code": "11816128", "title": "Rich history, uncertain future", "text": "AZAMGARH/BALLIA: Once a part of the thriving Koshala kingdom, which boasted of developed social fabric, the districts of Azamgarh, Deoria and Ballia today paint a rather gloomy picture, as development at these places is a far-fetched truth. With barely two days left for voting for the second phase of UP election (February 11), leaders from various political parties are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that they reap the maximum harvest from the region.However, for the common voters,who hailing from poor and underprivileged classes, it is hard to believe that they are going to see any 'magic' after the election.Reciting a couplet, Triloki Prasad, an elderly and a resident of Deoria, says, \"Kou nrip hou, humein kaa haani (It hardly makes any difference to us, if anyone becomes the king).\" For Triloki, a daily wage earner, elections come and go, but people like him do not see any improvement in their lives. However, he feels that changes are coming in urban areas, such as more pucca buildings, development of markets, and increase in number of automobiles. However, the problems particularly the price rise have made the life miserable.According to official records of the Deoria district, historical artefacts (sculptures, coins, bricks, temples) found at various places show that there was a developed and organised society in ancient times.Today a road journey of over 90km from Azamgarh to Deoria proves to be a nightmare for the commuters.However, the road is being widened.The farming is the main occupation, and sugarcane the main crop.For irrigation there is a network of 401-km-long canals and 856 government tube wells. For a population of 30,98,637 (2011 Census) there are 10 hospitals, 7 community health centres and 81 primary health centres in the district to take care of health needs of people. Educational facilities include 2,074 primary schools, 631 upper primary schools, 396 high schools, 36 colleges, 10 PG colleges and 4 ITIs. In 2007 assembly election, four out of seven seats in the district went to Samajwadi Party and three went to Bahujan Samaj Party.The people of Baagi Ballia (revolutionary Ballia), who valiantly fought against British during 1857 revolution and freedom struggle, are today fighting against all odds.The district had flourished in ancient time.The excavations carried out by the BHU brought to light relics of the black and red ware civilization (1450-1200 BC) at various sites indicating that the area enjoyed settled life and civilisation from early time. Ballia itself is supposed to have derived its name from Valmiki, the great sage who is said to have dwelt here for some time.Teenaged girls could be seen pulling a trolley rickshaw or making cow dung cakes in this part of eastern UP. They girls are doing all these things only to support their families.A girl pulling trolley rickshaw on Azamgarh-Ballia Road near Nagara in Ballia district went shy when asked why she was doing it. Obviously it was financial compulsion that led her and many others like her to opt for such works. \"How and what will we eat if our children do not support us,\" said an elderly passersby. According to district records, there are 1,98,310 families living below poverty line in Ballia. Out of them 1,81,770 such families live in rural areas while 16,540 families live in urban areas.In 2007 assembly election, the BSP bagged six seats out of eight while SP won two seats in Ballia district. However, after delimitation the district is left with seven seats.Having a population of 32,23,642, the district has seven allopathic hospitals, 8 CHCs and 83 PHCs. Besides, there are 64 ayurvedic, 66 homoeopathy, 4 unani hospitals.In education sector, there are 2,286 primary schools, 846 upper primary schools, 225 high schools, 11 colleges, 7 PG colleges, 8 ITIs and two polytechnics. The district has agricultural base producing food grains and sugarcane. There is a network of 419-km canal and 748 government tube wells for irrigation purpose.Another ancient politically vibrant place is Azamgarh, which earned notoriety after Batala House encounter in New Delhi. The district also hogged limelight due to its association with underworld don Abu Salem. But with all the black spots, it has a glorious past in education and national movement. Like other places the natives of Azamgarh are also not very enthusiastic about the future. \"How can we dream a better future when a smoothly running sugar mill in Sathoa was closed just after 2007 assembly election, only God knows what will happen after this election,\" said Kamla Devi, an elderly woman of a cane grower family in Sathao area. In 2007 election, the BSP bagged maximum six seats out of 10 while SP won four seats.According to records, the industrial base in Azamgarh is not very strong, but it has good agricultural base. The district is an important centre of Banarasi sari industry both handloom and power loom. It may be mentioned that Congress leader Rahul Gandhi not only visited the house of a handloom weaver in Mubarakpur area in the past but also began his poll campaign in this region from this district. Another famous thing of the district is black pottery of Nizamabad. \"We are accustomed to face hardships, we just want from our leaders not to forget us, as well as their promises after they are elected,\" said Niyaz, a weaver.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11817184", "title": "Burglars strike on house in Panchvati Colony", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars broke open a house and decamped with cash and jewellery items worth lakhs of rupees in Panchvati Colony coming under the limits of Koh-e-Fiza police station here on Wednesday.The police said complainant, the miscreants targeted a house in Panchvati Colony near the airport when the residents had gone to attend a marriage. Shobha and her husband Prem Narayan had gone out of the city a few days back to attend the wedding of a relative after locking their house.The incident came to fore when the burglars were escaping with the booty. Police said residents of the nearby houses woke up on hearing noise from the neighbourhood and came out to check what was going on. On seeing them, the miscreants fled the scene after pelting stones at them. Subsequently, the house owners were informed.In the complaint, the couple informed the police that a gold set, diamond jewellery and some cash were missing from the house. They would give the exact list of the lost valuables including cash to the police later, the police said.Meanwhile, the officials at the Koh-e-Fiza police station registered a case of burglary and started the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11816660", "title": "Madura Coats alleges discrimination in power tariff, gets HC reprieve", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday granted an interim injunction restraining Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) from acting against a factory for using the industrial service connection to its canteen. A petition was filed by the factory alleging discrimination, while granting exemption to IT companies to run canteen for its employees.Madura Coats Private Ltd has its factory units at Tuticorin and Ambasamudram and has been running canteens in the premises of the respective units, as per statutory obligation under Factories Act. The factory is using electricity from high-tension (HT) connection for running their canteens.TANGEDCO, alleging unauthorised use of electricity, has initiated action against the factory on the ground of using HT electricity. The executive engineer, electricity board treating the canteen as a commercial establishment, has demanded compounding fee and penalty for dishonest extraction of energy. Hence, Madura Coats preferred the present petition challenging the action.It also sought an order of interim injunction restraining the TANGEDCO from initiating any action alleging theft of electricity or unauthorised use of electricity on the ground of using HT electricity for their canteens, creche, rest sheds, first aid and ambulance room and gardening at their units in Tuticorin and Ambasamudram.When the matter came up for hearing before Justice K K Sasidharan, it was submitted that the EB has already approached the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission to clarify the issue as to whether the board can collect different tariff for ancillary purposes. The application is pending before the commission.N L Rajah, senior counsel for Madurai Coats contended that they are also in the same footing as IT companies. The Factories Act Provides for maintaining a canteen and as such it has been running statutory canteens to provide food to workers at a subsidised rate. The canteen is a part of the establishment and it is not conducting it for commercial purposes and as such they would not come under the category of HT consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11815749", "title": "Kanshiram hospital to be operational by May", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: To bring the much delayed Kanshiram multispecialty Hospital back on track, the Greater Noida Authority has formed a sub-committee comprising the DCEOs and several members of the Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow so that it can become functional by May. The administration has also allocated Rs 350 crore for procuring essential medical equipment for the hospital, the lack of which has caused delay in making the hospital functional.The hospital, spread over 15 acres adjacent to the Gautam Buddha University and one of Mayawati's dream projects, was scheduled to become functional from June, 2011. Authorities claim that about 90 per cent of work at the hospital was completed last May and the process of acquiring 'world class' equipment and staff was to begin, but then the land acquisition row turned volatile. \"The burden of paying enhanced compensation and rehabilitation deals left the Authority with little money for the hospital,\" said an official.However, Noida and Greater Noida Authority officials and the director of the upcoming hospital Dr DK Gupta met on Tuesday and decided to resume the process of acquiring staff and equipment and complete the remaining construction work. \"Only the final stages of construction and finishing work, like electrical connection, fittings, making elevators functional, etc remain,\" the official said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817165", "title": "IM topgun behind Varanasi blast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cops are probing the role of Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh's role in the 2010 blast at the Dasashwamedh Ghat in Varanasi. This has come after the arrest of eight IM members in the last three months, including Tariq Anjum Hasan and Bashir Hasan alias Talha. The blast on December 7 that year had killed a two-year-old girl and injured 25 others, including foreign tourists.Sources say cops have found similarities in the modus operandi of the IM cadres that carried out the blasts and that of the module headed by Shahrukh. Immediately after the blast, IM had emailed to different media houses claiming responsibility of the attack. \"It seems these arrested IM members were not involved in the Varanasi blast. Shahrukh might have used other modules to plant the bomb at the ghat,\" said a top officer.Nevertheless, the Varanasi blast case has still not been cracked. Previous Intelligence Bureau inputs had also suggested that Shahrukh and Dr Shahnawaz of IM could be involved in the Varanasi blast and the Jama Masjid attacks. \"We are working on that case as well and IM is the main suspect. We are trying to join the dots,\" said a senior officer.Meanwhile, the interrogation of Talha, who is also called Masterji by other cadres, has revealed that after he slipped from Delhi Police's hands in Chennai in November 2011, Shahrukh had stayed at Talha's madrasa in Unnao (Uttar Pradesh) for five days. \"Talha also keeps on visiting religious places in various parts of the country and motivates youths to join Indian Mujahideen,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11816007", "title": "Porngate: Weak cyber act may not find Karnataka ministers guilty", "text": "BANGALORE: Viewing porn is not a punishable offence, under the Indian IT Act, but transmitting it, publishing it or spreading it around is a culpable act.The cyber police, therefore, will not be able to book two ministers, Laxman Savadi and CC Patil, as the IT Act will not find them guilty. However, the act of forwarding/transmitting smutty stuff by minister Krishna Palemar is a punishable act under cyber law.Palemar, who forwarded the questionable content'' is culpable for publishing or causing to be published obscene electronic information, under the Section 67 and 67(a) of the Indian IT Act which can now attract three years imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5 lakh.However, the law does not say anything with respect to \"the location of viewing,'' or \"viewing at whose cost'' etc. \"The Act has too many loopholes now and it requires a thorough amendment. With accessibility on the rise, the number of such incidents will only increase,'' said Pavan Duggal, Supreme Court lawyer and cyber expert.\"This is the first time in the country any politician has been caught red-handed viewing porn, though many such cases across the country go unreported. The Karnataka porn episode calls for the need of specific provisions in the IT Act, to ensure stringent punitive actions against law breakers in the public space.Actually, the Act should have well-articulated provisions for people who access porn content at work places, be it in the private or public domains,'' said Duggal.The 2008 amendment of the Act, unfortunately, had reduced the quantum of punishment -- for publishing and transmitting pornographic content -- to three years from five years and also made it a bailable offence from a non-bailable one. \"This has to be corrected in the new amendment to make the act more stronger,'' added Duggal.Rohit Srivastwa, founder of hacker's club ClubHack said, employee manuals of most enterprises prohibit the viewing of obscene content at work. Governments are akin to enterprises. The act of these politicians is one of the hot topics on the web today. They should know technology is more powerful than wildfire.Vijay Mukhi, consultant, e-corporate governance &amp; cyber security, government of India, said, Karnataka porn is a headline today. With more smartphones around and 4G connectivity around, more such incidents are likely. So today's hype and headlines will become something not worth reporting tomorrow.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11817347", "title": "State to focus on skill development of students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: State would stress on skill development of students in the 12th Plan, said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Wednesday.He was speaking after inaugurating the state-level skill development programme implemented by the Kerala Institute of Tourism and Travel Studies (KITTS).He said that the state would give all help to develop new courses which would utilize the abilities of the youth to the fullest.He also said that a skill development mission has been launched at the national level under the direct supervision of the Prime Minister.Chandy also handed over the appointment orders to five selected candidates who got jobs in various public sector undertakings after undergoing training at the KITTS. Transport and devaswom minister V S Sivakumar said that new courses will have to be launched after ascertaining the avenues of job opportunities in the market.\"To augment vocational higher secondary education, the admissions would be given single window clearance from the next academic year,\" said education minister P K Abdu Rabb.The courses offered by KITTS would be fine-tuned to suit the employment opportunities in the tourism sector, said tourism minister A P Anil Kumar. He added that the government would initiate steps to generate employment opportunities abroad for those who undergo training at the KITTS.In the 50-day-long first phase of training, 124 students participated in various KITTS centers across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816779", "title": "Syndicate asks CAT panel to solve admission glitches", "text": "KOCHI: Cochin University syndicate has asked the common admission test (CAT) monitoring committee to study the problems faced by CAT candidates who registered online for exams this year and put forward a feasible solution. The decision was taken when the syndicate met on Wednesday to discuss the glitches experienced during the admission process after many students applied online at the same time.Vice-chancellor Ramachandran Thekkedath tabled the findings of the committee which looked into the charges against the registrar A Ramachandran and K Sajan, and found them not guilty.The syndicate will meet in a couple of weeks to discuss the report in detail. The syndicate condoled the demise of governor M O H Farook and critic Sukumar Azhikode. Meanwhile, the university opened an offline registration centre to help students who have not been able to submit their application through the website. The registration process for CAT 2012 started smoothly on January 15 and slowed down as the number of concurrent users increased simultaneously. Till date, a total of 38,000 registrations have been done which includes 15,000 students who have remitted their application fee and more than 10,000 who have completed all formalities.As several students found it difficult to go through the on-line registration process due to slow system response, an additional offline method exclusively for B.Tech/MSc Photonics will be available from Tuesday. The form can be downloaded from the university website and the filled-in forms can be posted to director, IRAA, Cusat.According to university sources, the online registration facility will be available on Friday after replacing system hardware.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11817189", "title": "Man gets 10-yr RI for carrying drugs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to 10 year rigorous imprisonment for possessing 3.5 Kg of charas. The accused, Vinod Sharma, was also fined Rs one lakh by the judge.\"Keeping in view the age, family background and all other attending circumstances, the convict (Sharma) is being awarded the minimum sentence of rigorous imprisonment for a period of 10 years and a fine of Rs one lakh for the offence,\" special NDPS judge M K Nagpal said.Sharma (31) was arrested by in July 2010, following a tip-off that he would be coming to supply charas at South Extension, near All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS).The police, in its chargesheet, claimed that Sharma was in possession of 3.5 Kg charas at the time of arrest.In his defence, Sharma had said that he was falsely implicated in the case and was picked up from a relative's house and forced to sign blank papers at the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11817841", "title": "Notice to mariners", "text": "The captain of ports has notified that the central marine fisheries research institute, Mangalore and Research centre, Bolar Mangalore, will conduct survey works on \"Flow of matter through tropic levels and biogeochemical cycles in the marine and estuarine ecosystem,\" in Mandovi and Zuari estuaries from February 22 to 25.During the above survey, a fishing boat called 'Baba Stephen', displaying a red flag during the day and a red flashing light during night will be deployed. Vessels plying in river Mandovi and Zuari have been advised to keep a sharp lookout, go slow and if necessary stop at a safe distance so as not to cause any hindrance during the above period.Meet on investor education held: A two-day SEBI-OECD international conference on investor education concluded in Goa recently. The theme of the conference was \"Towards a more inclusive financial world\". The conference was attended by nearly 200 delegates from 45 countries. The conference discussed the issues of financial inclusion and investor education through panel discussions, sessions and workshops.Narayan Naik remembered: A programme to commemorate the third death anniversary of late Narayan Naik was recently organized by the India Against Corruption and Peoples Forum at hotel Manoshanti. Professor Vishram Gupte was keynote speaker whereas Claude Alvares presided over the function. Other dignitaries present were Dinesh Vaghela, veteran freedom fighter and ex-DGP of Goa Prabhakar Sinari and Vasanti Naik, wife of late Narayan Naik. Claude Alvares presided over the function. Professor Gupte delivered a lecture on 'Rebuilding the republic.''Alcoholism is a disease' : A state-level seminar on alcoholism held recently at Clergy home, Margao, has concluded that alcoholism is a disease. The participants were doctors, nurses , members of NGOs and Alcoholic Anonymous members. The theme of the seminar, organized by Diocesan Family Service Centre in collaboration with St Luke's medical guild, was \"Alcoholism: Health Scares and Care\". The exponents of the theme were Roque Wiseman Pinto, Rajesh Patil, Roshan Nazareth.Power shutdownPanaji (Feb 9): Between 9am and 4pm: Areas to be affected are Navelkar Trade Centre, Cafe real, Godinho restaurant, Aroma hotel, Bhonsle hotel, Mahatme school, Cafe Puna, Neptune hotel, government primary school and surrounding areas.Caranzalem (Feb 9): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are Cawmpo Verde, Sapana Sea Mist, Sabnis Monarch, Kerant and surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816587", "title": "Shantha Balakrishnan passes away", "text": "KOCHI: One of the chief sevaks of the Chinmaya International Foundation, philanthropist Shantha Balakrishnan (76) passed away in Kochi.Known for her immense contributions to charity, Shantha Balakrishnan took over the activities at the Tripunithura Chinmaya Mission as secretary after the demise of her husband Achyuth Balakrishnan. As secretary of the Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Tripunithura, the school rose to new heights of academic excellence under her stewardship. Hailing from the well-known Ambadi family in Tripunithura, Shantha Balakrishnan also started the Ambady Ammu Amma Chinmaya Vidyalaya in school.She was also sponsoring the study of six students. As the driving force behind the Abhayam Charitable Society as vice president, she was the inspiration behind the eye-donation project which saw several partially blind people get the gift of sight. \"These are some of her known charitable contributions. But she was involved in so many social work activities, much of which is kept on a low profile,\" said her niece, Beena.Pramod Balakrishnan(archiect, Chennai) Ravi Balakrishnan (France), Indu AJayakumar (Manager, Chinmaya MIssion, Tripunithura ) and Sumod Balakrishnan are her children.The cremation took place on Wednesday noon at 1 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817405", "title": "College forms panel to probe chair thefts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after a storekeeper of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) was arrested by the UT police for \"steeling\" chairs of heritage value that went missing from college storeroom; a committee has now been formed by the college principal to probe the case.Following a meeting of college principal with the UT administration officials on Wednesday, the senior-most professors of the college have been deputed to submit a report on the matter within a week. \"We are already investigating the matter at our own level and will soon find out the exact sequence of events that led to the theft. The report will be given by the professors within a week,\" said Pradeep Kumar Bhagat, CCA principal.In what apparently contradicts police's claim of having recovered the \"stolen chairs\", the college officials stated that if the chairs recovered by police were the same as those missing from the store would be found out by the committee. \"There was some shifting taking place from the hostel to college campus and if these chairs are the same that went missing is yet to be found out,\" added the college staff. Sources also revealed that the cane chairs were in a dilapidated condition.On March 31, 2011, US-based auction house Wright sold two dozen pieces of furniture designed by Le Corbusier and Jeanneret. All items were sourced from various government departments in Chandigarh, including Punjab and Haryana high court, administrative buildings, Panjab University and College of Architecture.Most of the furniture items being auctioned abroad are believed to have been disposed of as junk by UT. It was in the 1990s that the heads of government departments were getting bored of the old-fashioned furniture designed by Jeanneret, who had continued as the first chief architect of Chandigarh. In a matter of a few years, most departments had auctioned the heritage woodwork as junk by holding repeated auctions. There was no policy on the issue all this while. \"It was in 2009 that the first circular was issued by the home department, putting a stop to all such auctions. But by then the chairs, tables and stools had been lapped up for peanuts by those aware of their real worth,\" said a retired senior UT official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11816542", "title": "'Deposits taken in good faith'", "text": "KOCHI: Under fire from the RBI for allegedly accepting public deposits while coming under the category of a non-deposit taking, on-banking finance company (NBFC), Manappuram Finance did an about-turn on Wednesday by acknowledging that it had indeed accepted deposits from the public.Citing the company's chairman V P Nandakumar, the Thrissur-based firm said in a release on Wednesday that it had accepted public deposits in good faith, believing that there was no violation of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Act of 1934. Nandakumar is also the proprietor of Manappuram Agro Farms (MAGRO).\"With the RBI stating that acceptance of deposits by the firm is non-compliant with current regulations, MAGRO has stopped accepting public deposits with immediate effect. Moreover, MAGRO has undertaken to repay all outstanding deposits at the earliest possible, in any event, as and when the deposits mature, or prematurely, at the request of the depositors,\" the release said.As on January 31, 2012, MAGRO had total liabilities, including public deposits, of Rs 140 crore. Nandakumar confirmed in the statement that MAGRO henceforth will not share any resources with Manappuram Finance other than the administrative support required to repay public deposits collected through it. On Tuesday, Manappuram had stated in a rejoinder to RBI's January 6 circular prohibiting it from taking public depositsthat it does not accept public deposits, but only investments through secured non-convertible debentures (NCDs) and subordinate bonds \"which do not fall under the definition of \"public deposits.\" A subsequent clarification to the rejoinder largely reiterated the company's stance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816569", "title": "Court rejects plea to detain Gajanan Marne", "text": "PUNE: The drive launched by the Pune police to detain criminals in the run-up to the civic elections, received a setback with a magisterial court turning down their plea to detain gangster Gajanan Marne (43) of Shastrinagar in Kothrud.The Kothrud police on Wednesday produced Marne and his associates Rupesh Marne and Dnyaneshwar Khandare before judicial magistrate first class Swaroop Bose and filed a plea to detain him under section 151 (3) of the Criminal Procedure Code, till the elections were over.The police said Marne is involved in 14 cases and expressed fear that he may commit a cognisable offence and disturb the public peace during the elections.Opposing the plea, Marne's lawyer, Vijay Thombre, submitted before the court that Marne's wife, Jayashree, is contesting the elections on an MNS ticket from panel no 28.Thombre argued that Marne's detention would have a deterrent effect on his wife's election campaign.He furnished documents of the state election commission and the Pune Municipal Corporation to prove that Jayashree is indeed contesting in the elections.He argued that his client had not committed any offence since 2008 and that the police had earlier taken preventive action against him under section 110 of the Bombay Police Act.The magistrate rejected the plea to detain Marne, but directed him to give attendance three times a day at the Kothrud police station.Marne was also directed to visit the police station whenever called for questioning. Marne's associates were released on a bond to stay out of Pune till the elections were over after they gave an undertaking to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817297", "title": "Neighbour dupes woman, relatives of Rs 35L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Naranpura-resident has filed a cheating complaint against her neighbour. Sonal Shah, a resident of Arya Society, has alleged that Mitesh Shah had cheated her friends and relatives of Rs 35 lakh. Sonal has told police that Mitesh claimed to be having an auto agency and can get any vehicle in discounted rate.\"Mitesh told Sonal that he has agency of an 'auto dealer association' and can get a two or four-wheeler on a discounted rate. He even told that one would have to wait for getting the vehicle as his orders are given priority by several companies,\" said a Naranpura police station official.They were wooed by Mitesh' claims, police said. When Sonal ordered a two-wheeler through him, she got the vehicle in around 15 days, this despite a waiting period of more than two months at other dealers.\"When Sonal's friends came to know about Mitesh, they too gave him orders for getting two-wheelers and cars. Mitesh got 20 orders, six for two-wheelers and 14 for cars. He was paid Rs 35 lakh by her friends. However, days after he got the advance, Mitesh and his wife vacated their residence and are now untraceable,\" the police official said.Cops said Mitesh had even given cheques against the advance payment but all of them bounced. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11820431", "title": "Mallu Singh keeps Rupa Manjari occupied!", "text": "Actress Rupa Manjari might not have had a release in Tamil after Nandhini's Thiru Thiru Thuru Thuru, but the girl's kitty is full with projects in Tamil and Malayalam.While she is awaiting the release of Naan in Tamil, in which she's paired opposite Vijay Antony, the girl is all ready to shuttle between Hyderabad and Punjab for a Malayalam film.Says an excited Rupa, \"I've signed up to do director Vyshakh's Mallu Singh, and I'm paired opposite Kunchako Boban in this. It's a romcom and takes place in Punjab. I'm looking forward to shooting there.\"She adds, \" Tamil is my mother tongue and I'm looking forward to doing more films here as well. Naan should release soon and I will also be making an official announcement regarding my next Kollywood film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817304", "title": "Several loopholes in teen\u2019s tale, say cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Police officials said they have found several loopholes in the tale narrated by 17-year-old Akshay Rawal, who returned home on Monday night after being missing for almost two weeks.Akshay had initially told the police that he was drugged by a man in Kalbadevi and kept captive in Gondia for ten days. When questioned, Akshay said he was in a semi-conscious state for most of the time and has almost no recollection of his abductors.\"There are so many points in his story that just don't add up. He is telling us that he was drugged and taken to Gondia, so he doesn't remember anything. But that state of induced stupor cannot last that long and he should at least remember something. He also says his captors repeatedly asked him for his parents' contact number, which he refused to give. In such a case, normally the men would have threatened him or beaten him up. But his medical reports show he wasn't physically assaulted or harmed. These are some of the discrepancies in his tale,\" said a police officer from LT Marg police station.He added that it was likely that Akshay had run away from home himself or with the help of some friends , and was now cooking up a tale to avoid the repercussions. \"He is not telling us the entire truth. There is some internal angle to the whole story and we are in the process of figuring that out,\" said the officer.Akshay's family members maintain that they believe him \"100%\" and that he was not the sort to run away from home. \"He left the house with Rs 30, which he spent before he went missing. Nothing was missing from home and he did not even take his own pocket money. Why would a boy who intends to run away leave home empty-handed,\" asked his father, Prakash Rawal.Akshay being a Class X student, the family is worried that the entire episode will have a dire effect on his studies. \"His practical exams are starting in two weeks and the written exams start from March 3. He has already lost a lot of time. We just want him to recover for a day or two and then start studying for his exams,\" said his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11817569", "title": "\u2018Experienced drivers find pay too little\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Fears about students' safety have been sparked after Zahraa Shaikh, a six-year-old student of Podar International School was mowed down by her own school bus. While school bus contractors claim the contractor in this case can't be blamed for the accident, they agree drivers and conductors/attendants need to be more vigilant around children.\"A major problem is that we don't get experienced drivers anymore. The fees we get for plying children are very minimal and we can't afford to hire experienced drivers,\" said a school bus contractor under condition of anonymity. With the school bus safety policy making it compulsory to hire drivers with at least five years of experience who should also be a domicile of Maharashtra, bus contractors say that this is becoming a difficult task. \"We can afford to pay very little so only newcomers work as drivers,\" said Santosh Shetty, another bus contractor from Navi Mumbai. It is one of the main issues that the School Bus Owners' Association has raised with the transport commissioner.\"Finding attendants is equally difficult as we can't afford to pay them more than Rs 4000. Very few women are ready to accept this job,\" said Shetty. He said the government needs to ban private vehicles from ferrying school children without a permit. \"Parents then will not think paying more bus fees is a hassle and we can ensure the best of personnel run school buses,\" he added.Podar School's bus contractor M Khan told TOI, \"We immediately rushed the child to a hospital while her parents as well as school authorities were informed. We never had such an incident in our 25-year history with the school.\"Association president Anil Garg said parents too can be problematic: \"They keep calling the driver and attendants to find out where their child is but fail to understand it can be disturbing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11817780", "title": "Candidates don\u2019t need no education", "text": "THANE: Nearly 80% candidates across the political spectrum contesting polls to the 130-seat Thane Municipal Corporation have not gone beyond SSC or Class XII, according to data culled by TOI from affidavits filed by aspiring city fathers.The poor academic record of so many contestants and the political parties' decision to overlook their qualifications has shocked locals as the fastexpanding city needs leadership steeped in managerial and administrative skills. The city is considered high on literacy standards but profiles of probables reveal that school or college education does not merit a party ticket.Only nine of the 381 candidates fielded by the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party, Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) have a law degree. There are nine qualified engineers and only two medical professionals in the fray.Much to the disappointment of 11.96 lakh voters who will elect corporators for a fiveyear term on February 16, two candidates fielded by the Sena have not even attended school and their affidavits mention their educational qualifications as 'illiterate'; the two belong to wards 47 and 41, largely dominated by slums.\"It is not that we are averse to people with educational or professional qualifications. But how many actually participate in the political process and are willing to go through the rough-and-tumble of dayto-day affairs. Most lack formal education due to circumstances which were beyond their control. However, they are equally sincere when it comes to reaching out to the needy and offering help,'' said Sena leader Eknath Shinde.Of the candidates put up by five prominent political parties, 40 have completed graduation, while 48 are undergraduates.The school dropouts seeking to represent wards which have a population of 18,000 to 20,000 citizens are 89, of which 49 have not even passed Class VIII. Five are semi-literate, having listed their educational status as 'Up to Class V'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11816410", "title": "Muslim vote will impact politics: Mahesh Bhatt", "text": "VARANASI: Stressing on the importance of minority votes, Bollywood filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt said Muslims should realize that their votes would decide their future as well as impact the future course of politics in the state and country.\"If they are being considered as a vote bank, it is their responsibility to show the importance of their vote,\" Bhatt said at a press conference here on Wednesday. In the city to garner support for the Congress candidates, Bhatt added: \"Muslims would have to realize that their votes would decide their future and exercise their franchise to bring themselves to power and not a particular party. The Muslim vote bank has a major role in UP as this state has major impact in national politics.\" \"Why do other political parties that claim to have a secular ideology not resist the forces opposing the quota for minority?\" Bhatt asked.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh should be praised for showing courage for making a bid to implement the recommendations of Sachar Committee and making the provision of 4.5% quota for the minority.\"He claimed that discrimination on the basis of caste, religion and community was an established fact in India. \"Despite tall claims of socalled secular parties that had been ruling the state for years, it's rare to find Muslim officials who have been given prominent posts,\" he said.When asked why the Congress was emphasizing on wooing the Muslims only, an annoyed Bhatt said: \"I do not need a certificate of being secular from anyone. My father was a Hindu and my mother was a Muslim and I have learnt the real sense of secularism since childhood.Whenever a crisis like Mumbai and Gujarat riots had taken place, I have walked the streets with leaders like Congress MP (late) Sunil Dutt to appeal for peace and communal harmony.\"Regarding the Congress, he said: \"Congress is not anyone's heritage. It is a pure secular ideology given by a 'Budha Sant' (Mahatma Gandhi).The country can't ignore this ideology as the secularism is the heartbeat of India. If somebody has grievances with the leaders and ministers of the Congress, it could be solved by arguments and discussions. But, if people refused to face this fact, this ideology would be affected. It would be something that can't be afforded by this country.\"He said Rahul Gandhi was the future of the country and results of one or two elections would not decide his fate. \"He has a fascinating personality and is inspiring the youths. I am not a Congress worker but I am inspired by its ideology. This forced me to come out in its support during the Lok Sabha election and now for assembly polls,\" he said. Asked why he didn't join politics even though he was participating in political activities, Bhatt said: \"I have no talent for this field, it's totally a different game.\" To a question, Bhatt admitted that theme-based movies were no more an attraction for cine-goers, especially after invasion of satellite channels. Regarding the possibility of making a film based on political theme, he said: \"Political films do not pull crowds to cinema halls any more. Such films are viewed at home now.\" \"Cinema has now become a medium of complete entertainment,\" he added.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11817321", "title": "Phyto-chemicals also prevent cancer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are one of those who tends to avoid the gusto in garlic, the hot in habaneras, the bitterness in broccoli or the color of carrots, then you may have to do a rethink. For the chemicals that give these vegetables their character - the phyto-chemicals - are the ones that save you from cancer. These various compounds give foods their color, taste, and smell.More that 200 scholars who had assembled at the international symposium on cancer prevention and chemoprevention organized by the central university of Gujarat extolled the virtues of these natural agents and their uses in targeted therapy of cancer or tumour.\"Unpolished rice has ricin, whole wheat has tricin, broccoli has isocyanates, garlic and onions have dialyl trisulphide. These are dietary phyto-chemicals that have proved their efficacy in preventing all sorts of cancer. It is important that citizens who follow sedentary lifestyles are made aware of the advantages of maintaining a healthy diet,\" says professor R P Singh of the life sciences department at CUG.\"The treatment of cancer is very complex. For instance two tumors in the same organ of the body will be different in character and would require a different combination of treatment. Cancer is all about one cell amongst the billions and trillions present in our body going awry and dividing uncontrollably,\" said vice chancellor of CUG, professor R K Kale. \"Dealing with such a phenomenon is complex and a lot depends on our lifestyle eating habits and our dependence on our diet. Cancer is preventable and can be curtailed effectively at an early stage.\"Vice chancellor of CSJM University Kanpur, Ashok Kumar said, \"India has a rich repository of flora that contain essential natural agents that can be extracted for cancer prevention. Like China India too needs to spend a lot on research in extracting such essential chemicals from plants.\"BOXSome tips for incorporating more phyto-chemicals in your diet:* Make a conscious effort to eat at least five portions of fruits and vegetables every day.* Learn to cook with whole grains like brown rice, whole oats, whole wheat, amaranth, barley, buckwheat, and quinoa.* Use natural ketchup instead of mayonnaise. It is rich in the phyto-chemical lycopene.* Add shredded peppers, radishes, onions, or broccoli steams to a shredded cabbage and carrot salad.* Choose dried apricots, pineapples, apples, or tropical mix for snacks.* Eat the white part of citrus fruit, called albedo. While the flesh and juice of citrus fruits are loaded with vitamin C and other nutrients, the albedo is very rich in phyto-chemicals.* Add artichokes, onions, sliced tomatoes, or spinach as part of your daily diet.* Keep jars of chopped garlic, ginger, and basil in your kitchen to speed up meal preparation.* Drinking green teas is beneficial.* Eat the whole fruit instead of drinking fruit juice.* Be liberal in your use of spices when cooking. Turmeric, garlic, and ginger all contain phyto-chemicals.* Toss a handful of nuts into a salad.* Experiment with soy products and vegetable protein meat substitutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11817905", "title": "Salkar is MMC's new chairperson", "text": "VASCO: Krishna alias Daji Salkar was elected unopposed as the third vice-chairperson for this term of the Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC) on Wednesday.At about 11am, the election procedure started. The presiding officer, who got just one nomination form, declared Salkar as the new vice-chairperson of the MMC. After the election, Salkar said, \"There are many development projects pending in Vasco. With my initiative, they will finally see the light of day.\"He sought to know why the government was inefficient in providing the MMC with funds to carry out any work or to undertake big projects in the city. He urged the new government, regardless of who comes to power, to provide the MMC with enough funds.Speaking about his priority he said, \"The Baina beach project is the need of the hour, it needs to be developed like the North Goa beaches. Amenities like shacks should come up here and generate revenue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11815600", "title": "'Don't dilute down anti-dowry laws'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the government continues to mull over whether to re-examine the tough provisions of the law dealing with dowry offences, to avoid its alleged misuse by women, a trial court has criticized the idea saying it is only the \"ill-informed\" who believe that anti-dowry and domestic violence laws are being misused.\"In this era of human rights, when people armed only with their self esteem have fought out armies of dictators, a majority of our population, particularly the middle class is still afflicted with this disease of dowry. Perhaps, ill-informed are those, who favour the de-criminalization of this sin..,\" said additional Sessions Judge Rajinder Kumar Shastri.The court suggested that instead of toning down anti-dowry laws to avoid its misuse, an extra cautious \"police and courts\" work to stop the law being misused. \"Dowry is certainly an evil practice; it has to be ratiocinated at any cost. Spasmodic instances of misuse cannot abnegate very existence of this evil. If provisions against dowry are misused, it necessitates the investigating agency (police) and court to be extra cautious, which we are,\" the judge said.The court's observations came while sentencing a 26-year-old man to life imprisonment for harassing his wife and causing her death for dowry. It convicted Mukesh Kumar, a resident of Sangam Vihar, under Section 304-B (dowry death) and Section 498A (harassment for dowry) and also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on him. \"The accused in this case has been found guilty of treating his wife with cruelty and demanding dowry which resulted in the untimely death of a young woman aged about 24 years who was also the mother of two kids,\" the court said.While deciding the quantum of sentence, the court refused to take a lenient view of the convict's young age saying \"he should rather be treated with iron hands\". The court noted that while Mukesh was convicted for the murder of his wife, it was also an allegation made by the victim's father-a complainant in the case-that another daughter, who had also married into the convict's family had also died young and the complainant suspected that her husband was behind the death. In its order, the court termed dowry as a \"demon\" that claimed thousands of lives every year in the country.The court's order has come amidst a raging debate between women's rights organizations and the Law Commission over the issue. Recently, a prominent women's rights activist slammed the Law Commission's recommendation to the Centre to tone down tough provisions of the law dealing with dowry offences, saying the dilution would lead to an increase in domestic violence. Activists also point out this dilution would encourage the prevalence of the dowry system and lead to fewer cases being reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11814813", "title": "Cops nab four for Rs 2 crore ESI fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths have unearthed Rs 2 crore fake purchase bills fraud at the Employees' State Insurance (ESI) Corporation and arrested four persons, including an ESI employee.Acting on a tip off, Task Force sleuths conducted a discreet probe into the fraud and nabbed four persons from their houses on Wednesday. They arrested G Vishal Chaintanya, 32, an office assistant at ESI Regional Office, Adarsh Nagar, Syed Waheed, 37, a friend of Vishal and a fake document-maker from Narsingi, D Srinivas Reddy, 40, a real estate agent from Shaikpet, and S Laxman, 24, a chat stall owner from Nanal Nagar. Another accused, G Vishal Kumar, 27, of Mallepally is absconding.In 2011, the four fraudulently withdrew Rs 1.98 crore by submitting fake purchase bills to the ESI Corporation, Hyderabad, said police commissioner A K Khan at a press conference here on Wednesday.The main conspirator, Vishal Chaitanya, secured a job in ESI on compassionate grounds. He was working as an assistant to State Medical Commissioner, ESI Corporation, Adarsh Nagar. Police said Vishal was in charge of verification and passing of drugs and dressing bills submitted by the Director of Insurance Medical Services.\"Having noticed that some companies were submitting bills and drawing amount in fraudulent means, Vishal also decided to do the same by preparing fake bills,\" Khan said.Vishal Chaitanya discussed the plan with his friends Waheed and Srinivas, who readily agreed to render their services for an equal share in the booty.Accordingly, Waheed agreed to prepare fake bills, while Srinivas offered to take care of opening bank accounts and carrying out all transactions. To execute his plan, Srinivas then lured his acquaintances Laxman and Vishal Kumar to agree for registration of fictitious drugs companies-United Medical Pharma Services, Ajay Pharma &amp; Medical Services-on their names.Using the registration documents, Srinivas then opened accounts at Deccan Grameena Bank, OU Colony, Shaikpet.Once the bank accounts were opened, Waheed prepared fake purchase orders and delivery bills in the name of the fictitious firms. Fake sanction letters were also prepared in the name of Director for Insurance Medical Services (DIMS), Musheerabad. Vishal then submitted these fake bills to State Medical Commissioner (SMC), ESI Corporation, Adarsh Nagar, for release of cheques.The bills were cleared and cheques were issued against the two ghost pharma firms for Rs 1,98,13,584.The cheques were deposited in the bank immediately. Between February and March 2011, the culprits withdrew the entire amount deposited in the two accounts. Using his share of money, Waheed, who has a criminal history, went to Malaysia in June 2011 and enjoyed a lavish life. He returned to the city in January 2012 and as there was a non-bailable warrant pending against him, police started keeping an eye on him and, according to sources, the fraud was unearthed based on his interrogation. The accused were handed over to the Central Crime Station (CCS) police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11814987", "title": "Two killed in road mishap", "text": "NASHIK: Two people were reported dead in separate road accidents in the city. Shankar Gaidhani (37), resident of Palse, Nashik Road, was sitting on the pillion of the motorbike being driven by Dnyaneshwar Gaidhani. When the two were crossing the Shiv Mangalmurti Sankul at Chehedi village in Nashik Road, they were hit by a vehicle coming from the opposite direction. While Dnyaneshwar received severe injuries, Shankar succumbed to his injuries.Another accident occurred near Chehedi leaving a person dead and three others injured. Eknath Shelke (45) who was riding the motorcycle died while two others also on the same bike - Sheetal Shelke (40) and Gajanan Hiwali - suffered serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11817428", "title": "25-yr-old man beaten to death as cops look on", "text": "GURGAON: A 25-year-old man was beaten, pushed and dragged near the busy Sohna bus stand on the main Gurgaon-Alwar state highway on Tuesday night, leading to his death. The youth allegedly was thrashed by a group of men as a minor squabble broke out over drinking water. The police have arrested five in connection with the crime.The youth, identified as Vijender, succumbed to his injuries before he could be rushed for medical aid, even though the place was barely 100 metres from the Sohna civil hospital.Eyewitnesses further alleged that what made the situation more shocking was the fact that the violence took place in front of a parked PCR van (number 40), which chose to move away from the place rather than stop the fight.Vijender was working as a driver in Gurgaon and was on his way back home with his younger brother and a friend when the incident took place.Rajesh, Vijender's third brother, said that the incident took place outside a shop on the main road near Sohna Chowk, where the victim and his companions had stopped to buy drinking water. \"There was a marriage party in the vicinity and a few youngsters came to the same shop where my brothers were buying water. One of them snatched the water bottle from Vijender's hands and soon a tiff ensued. The young group of men called a few more accomplices from the party who joined them and started beating up Vijender. My younger brother ran to a nearby PCR van that was parked by the roadside, seeking help. However, they simply moved away from the place without helping my brothers,\" said Rajesh.Following the incident, agitated family members and villagers of Abheypur blocked the state highway, sitting on the road for over two hours on Wednesday demanding police action against both the culprits and the policemen present at the spot.The villagers were supported by the shopkeepers who kept their shutters down in protest. It was only when a team of senior police officials reached the spot and assured swift action that the protestors cleared out. Then they took the body for a post mortem at the Sohna civil hospital.Meanwhile, police have arrested five accused: Saraju, Sakir, Mubarik,Jumma and Ismile. \"We are also conducting an inquiry into the role of policemen in the PCR and action will also be initiated against them if they are found guilty,\" said DCP (east) Maheshwar Dayal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mysore/chamarajanagar", "code": "11817040", "title": "Dalits to embrace Buddhism", "text": "MYSORE/CHAMARAJANAGAR: Dalit families in Kalanahundi Village, 5km from Chamarajanagar town, have threatened to convert to Buddhism, to protest against the alleged discrimination by upper-caste Hindus.The District Federation of Dalit organizations have planned a mass 'Buddha dhamma deeksha' programme in the village in the last week of February, when hundreds of dalits in the district, including Kalanahundi dalits, are anticipated to embrace Buddhism.However, additional SP K H Chandrashekar said that the jathra that was held recently belonged to a particular community and dalits had no role in it.They said increased discrimination and practice of untouchability in their village has forced all dalits to take a firm decision in this regard. \"When we are not allowed into a village temple, and annual festival procession are restricted from entering our streets, even our offerings to the presiding deity Maramma are rejected by the upper caste Hindus, then why should we follow Hinduism?\" asked Mahesh, 45, a villager.\"We are treated badly. But our complaints against continued discrimination seem to have fallen on deaf ears of the authorities concerned. Pained by the unpleasant developments that has been occurring over a decade, about four score dalit families have decided to embrace Buddhism,\" a villager said.\"We have held a first round of meeting and dalits in the village have agreed to the conversion,\" he claimed, adding that they were kept away from the annual Maramma jathra celebrations held in the village recently.Federation district convener C M Krishnamurthy told TOI that around 1,000 dalits are expected to convert to Buddhism in the conversion programme scheduled at Kalanahundi village this month-end. This is the first such instance, wherein, entire dalit families in a village are embracing Buddhism, the convener claimed.Additional deputy commissioner H T Chandrashekar on Tuesday promised the protesting Kalanahundi dalits to conduct a fair investigation into the alleged incident at the village and take action against the wrongdoers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11817656", "title": "Cold aggravates in Punjab, Haryana; Amritsar shivers at -3 degrees", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cold wave conditions further aggravated in parts of Punjab and Haryana with Amritsar shivering at -3 degrees Celsius.The minimum at Amritsar further plummeted since Tuesday to settle five notches below normal, the MeT department said here.Ludhiana also experienced a cold night at 3.2 degrees Celsius, down by three degrees, while Patiala registered 5 degrees Celsius.Biting cold also had most of Haryana under its grip, with Hisar turning out to be the coldest place in the state recording a minimum of 1.6 degrees, six notches below normal.Narnaul registered a low of 3 degrees Celsius, while Bhiwani was cold at 4, down three degrees, Rohtak 6.1 and Ambala at 6.6 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "11816735", "title": "Phase 2 of Responsible Tourism to home in on eco issues", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The second phase of the responsible tourism (RT) initiative has been formally launched by Minister of tourism AP Anilkumar at Kumarakom on Wednesday. Launched by Kerala Tourism, RT phase 2 promises to address many concerns the destination has been facing for a long time. The minister, who also launched the official website of the initiative, www.rtkerala.com, assured renovation of all roads in Kumarakom within a year.As part of the second phase, RT classification of hotels in Kumarakom will be done. The classifications are based on sustainable management, and socio-cultural, economic and environment responsibility. RT classification will help in bringing about a memorable holiday experience for domestic and international visitors to Kerala. The criteria for classification are developed in line with the global sustainable tourism criteria, said UV Jose, director, Kerala Institute of Travel and Tourism Studies who is also the additional director (planning and projects), Kerala tourism.In the first phase of the initiative, from 2008 to 2010, Kumarakom had responded well, said Jose. \"The basic idea of RT is that tourism should contribute economically, socially and environmentally to the local community. In Kumarakom, the economic aspect was focused, as we felt it was the best way to pass on the message of responsible tourism to the people here,\" he said.\"Local procurement was done in the first phase. The hotels bought coconut, rice and vegetables from the locals,\" he said. 13 hotels in Kumarakom was part of the project in the first phase. Around 25 Kudumbasree units played an active role in supplying goods to the hotels. Many local farmers were also part of this link. \"Around 2,000 people benefitted by this and a business of over Rs 40 lakhs was done in two years,\" said Jose. \"Though Kovalam and Thekkady too were included in the first phase, Kumarakom turned out to be the success story. Now this project will be implemented in Bakel, Kumbalangi and Ambalavayal,\" he added.Sandhya Banerjee, president, Kumarakom panchayat, presided over the function. Harold Goodwin, director, International Centre for Responsible Tourism (ICRT), UK, launched the responsible tourism classification standards. TK Manoj Kumar , tourism secretary, and Rani George, director, Kerala Tourism, spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816611", "title": "IAC encourages citizens to vote on Feb 16", "text": "PUNE: The Pune chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) in association with Proud Indians has planned various programmes across the city from February 10 to encourage citizens to vote in the February 16 civic elections.\"We are encouraging citizens to come out and exercise their right to vote, and not avoid it. We are asking them to vote for the right candidates,\" said IAC, Pune coordinator, Deepak Bharadiya, while addressing a news conference on Wednesday.Sumitra Bhave- and Sunil Sukthankar-directed award-winning Marathi film 'Ha Bharat Majha' will be screened at the College of Engineering, Pune, on February 10 at 5 pm. \"This will be followed by an awareness programme on citizens' voting rights. On February 10, we are also going to declare a citizens' manifesto and will obtain signatures of various candidates on it,\" added IAC coordinator Sandeep Khardekar.Members of Proud Indians, a nation-wide organisation that began a rally on foot to spread awareness on elections and voters' rights, will visit Pune on February 10 and campaign alongside IAC. Similar awareness sessions for youngsters have been scheduled at city colleges on February 11 and for slum-dwellers residing in various localities on February 12. A rally will be held at Karve statue in Kothrud at 5 pm on February 12.\"The campaign also involves making voters aware of their right to not vote by filling up Form 49 (O),\" Bharadiya said.Some of the highlights of the awareness campaign include observing Zero Corruption Day by abstaining from graft. \"We will celebrate Valentine's Day on February 14 by taking a pledge with citizens to live honestly and to stay away from taking or giving bribes, Khardekar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11815075", "title": "2 cases of snatching", "text": "NASHIK: Two incidents of chain snatchings were reported in different parts of the city on Tuesday. A gold chain worth Rs 30,000 was snatched from one Jeejabai Jadhav (35) resident of Pragati soceity, Dwarka, Nashik. According to her, two men on a Yamaha bike approached her and forcibly snatched the gold chain she was wearing. The incident took place at 5 pm on Tuesdaynear Tapovan crossing, Panchavati. The Adgaon police have lodged an offence of robbery against the unidentified accused.In a similar incident, a gold chain of Shamim Kotwal, resident of Rane Nagar lost her chain worth Rs 35,500 to two chain snatchers near her house who approached her on a bike under the pretext of asking her for an address. According to Kotwal, she was walking from near her house, when the two persons on a Pulser motorcycle approached her trying to show that they were asking for some address.While the woman was responding to their query, the accused sitting on the pillion snatched the chain worth Rs 35,500 she was wearing.The Indiranagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11816930", "title": "This city boy is on a roll when it comes to skating", "text": "COIMBATORE: K Sriyash, a student of Stanes Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School, is no ordinary boy. He's made a name for himself in the world of roller blade skating, ranking sixth in the road race in Asia and 28 in the world.He had been to Korea, where the last championship took place from August 25 to September 5, last year. In the 49th National Championship held in January, 2012 he won two silvers and one bronze. \"In my sport, seconds matter. I slipped down a few places in the last race and I lost by three micro seconds,\" he said.His passion has also taken him to China. But he retains the charm of a modest, boy-next-door, who has not forgotten his roots in Coimbatore. \"I used to train at the rink in VOC Park. But that has been demolished and a new 200metres international one is being built in its place,\" he says. And so, he practices all alone at the Codissia premises in the city.Sriyash started taking skating and tennis classes at age six. But he gave up tennis after a while and chose to focus on skating.\"My trainer Prathik Raja who lives in Mysore, comes down here once in a while to check my style and speed. Since I am into speed skating, both style and speed are really important. The city has good facilities for skating,\" said Sriyash, who turned 17 on January 27.How does the young sportsman combine skating with studies? \"He got 87% in SSLC with 94% in Maths. He has opted for the maths-computer science group. But we don't know how he will do in Plus Two,\" said Meena Kanagaraj, Sriyash's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11817595", "title": "NCP unhappy with Congress' choice of candidate in Siolim", "text": "MAPUSA: The announcement of Uday Palyekar as the Congress candidate for Siolim has upset the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).The NCP which has a weak organization in the constituency fared badly in the last elections held in 2007. This time some of the party leaders have decided not to support Palyekar.The Siolim NCP block youth president Abhijit Dhargalkar who resigned from the party has brought 'Jai Maha Bharath Party' to Goa.Dhargalkar will be holding the post as the Goa state working president.Jai Maha Bharath Party was announced on January 18, 2010, as a national-level party and the party's founder and national president is Anantha Vishwa Deva Maharajarajashri with headquarters at Shri Mahavaikuntapuram.\"Jai Maha Bharath Party will be contesting in all 40 constituencies in Goa,\" said Dhargalkar, who quit the NCP alleging that the Siolim ticket has been 'sold' to the Congress by some leaders of the party.Another ticket aspirant Rajan Ghate has expressed his anguish over what he calls \"family politics\" as the Congress nominee has the backing of health minister Vishwajit Rane. \"I don't know where family politics will take the state of Goa. Being in the party for the past 13 years I have been denied a ticket. There is no place for loyalty,\" Ghate said.\"There is no question of supporting a Congress candidate,\" said Ghate. He added that he would be holding a meeting of the NCP block of Siolim over the weekend to decide the future course of action. Another Congress ticket aspirant from Siolim is Francis Fernandes, former sarpanch of the Siolim-Sodiem village panchayat. He had contested the assembly elections on a Congress ticket in the 2002 elections and had polled 5,000 votes coming in second.Fernandes who claims that he is a grass root worker of the Congress is disappointed with the party's nominee.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11815536", "title": "Kid run over by own school bus", "text": "MUMBAI: Six-year-old Zahraa Shaikh, a student of Podar International High School, was run over by her school bus on Tuesday around 6.30pm after she alighted on the road behind St Anthony's Church in Vakola. An FIR was lodged 20 hours later as the police insisted on a certificate from the hospital.The accident took place as Zahraa got off the bus and was waiting for her siblings to alight. Driver Sanjay Rohandas (29), who was listening to music on headphones, started the bus without realizing she was standing very close to it. Zahraa, who suffered multiple injuries, is critical. The driver has been detained.Zahraa's mother Juwairiah blamed the driver as well as a squabble between the lady attendant on the bus and the conductor for the mishap. \"Zahraa had got off and was waiting. My sons Junaid (8) and Zaid (11) were about to get down when the attendant and the conductor began arguing. The conductor told my sons they were old enough to cross the road. The driver, listening to music, assumed the kids had alighted and began driving, hitting Zahraa on her head,\" she said.Juwairiah, who was watching from her window, realized something serious had happened when the children and shopkeepers started screaming. \"By the time I reached the spot, the shopkeepers had pushed the bus and rescued her. I was told she was being taken to the nearby Shastri Clinic.\" From Shastri Clinic, Zahraa was taken for a CT scan and sonography and was finally sent to Nanavati Hospital.On the spot, shopkeepers had snatched the driver's headphones and started beating him up. \"The driver was more concerned about the headphones than the safety of my child. When one is responsible for 60 kids, how can one listen to music on headphones?\" the traumatized mother said, adding that the driver, conductor and lady attendant were equally responsible for the tragedy. \"It could be somebody else's kid tomorrow. One can't listen to music and be in dreamland. She is not out of danger and will be kept under observation for at least four days,\" she said.\"An FIR has been registered against the bus driver. We need a certificate of injuries from the hospital but Nanavati refused to give the certificate,\" said a Vakola police official. Asked about the refusal to issue a certificate, Ashok Hatolkar, medical superintendent, Nanavati Hospital said, \"If the parents make an application for a certificate it will be issued. Nobody can refuse that. The child is recovering and will be stable. There was blood oozing in the contusion of lung. It's a blunt trauma. There are superficial abrasions on the face.\"School bus contractor M Khan told TOI, \"The child is not seriously injured and we spoke to the parents and decided that there was no need to file a police complaint.\" He added the bus driver and conductor were fired immediately after he learnt of the incident. However, no action has been taken against the lady attendant in the bus. \"We are still waiting for her statement and based on that we'll understand if she too was responsible for this accident, and accordingly take action,\" added Khan. \"We did our job and immediately rushed the child to a hospital while her parents as well as school authorities were informed.\"Podar school, in a written statement to the media, said it was concerned about their student and are helping the parents in every way possible. \"In the interim, we have issued a show-cause notice to the transporter and are initiating a retraining session with all bus employees,\" said Sanjeev Lele, transport manager, Podar Schools. Asked if the school attempted to lodge a police complaint, Lele refused to comment.(With inputs from Shreya Bhandary)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "nirmali (supaul)", "code": "11817812", "title": "Union min opens Mahasetu, hails Bihar growth", "text": "NIRMALI (SUPAUL): In what must have sounded as music to the ears of chief minister Nitish Kumar , Union surface transport minister C P Joshi on Wednesday hailed Bihar for achieving better GDP rate than the national average. States like Bihar could be game-changers given the way CM Kumar has been giving a push to agriculture and has brought about a turnaround in many spheres in the state, he said.\"I am extremely delighted to touch the land of Vidyapati,\" Joshi said amid thunderous applause at a huge public meeting at which he inaugurated the Kosi Mahasetu which he dedicated to the people of Mithilanchal.It was the same venue where the then Prime Minister, Atal Bihari Vajpayee , had laid the foundation stone of the bridge on June 6, 2003. This mega-bridge does not only stitch together the state's Seemanchal and Mithilanchal regions once again but is also a crucial link in the East-West Corridor between Silchar (Assam) and Porbandar (Gujarat).CM Kumar, who attended the stone-laying ceremony as the then minister in the Vajpayee government, was present at the inauguration ceremony as well. \"It is because of complete change in the work culture in Bihar that mega-projects are now being completed in time, and even entrepreneurs are coming forward to invest in road and bridge projects across the state,\" he said and added the state had not only laid stress on the development of roads and bridges but also targeted to bring the state capital within reach from anywhere in the state within five hours.State road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav and energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav urged the Union minister to sanction more road projects for the state.\"We were earlier compelled to make a detour of over 125km through Nepal and even shell out 'bhansar' (Nepal road tax) for reaching Nirmali. The distance through the new bridge is hardly 15km,\" a visibly happy Bindeshwar Thakur, a resident of Simrahi in Supaul district, told TOI.The inauguration of the 1.87km bridge, built at a cost of over Rs 400 crore, notwithstanding, vehicle owners will still be wary of travelling through this part. For, the 30km stretch of road between Narpatganj (Araria) and Simrahi (Supaul) is still incomplete, and nearly a dozen bridges and culverts are in different stages of construction. Gammon India Limited's project manager R Prakash attributed it to the delay in acquisition of land for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816452", "title": "Demand for barrier-free spaces", "text": "PUNE: Job reservations in civic bodies, recreational facilities, libraries, counseling and vocational centres and barrier-free buildings, public spaces and transport facilities are some demands raised by various organizations working for the welfare of the physically and mentally challenged, ahead of the civic polls.Jagrut Apang Sanghatna, Bapu Trust, Sa, Basic Need and other organizations working for the needs and rights of the physically and mentally challenged put forth their demands in view of the civic elections, on Tuesday.\"The issues pertaining to the physically and mentally challenged deserve attention, because these have been largely neglected. The rights of the physically and mentally disabled need to be kept in mind,\" said Sadhana Khati, project leader with Bapu Trust, while addressing the news conference.The manifesto demands better water, health, sanitation, roads and public transport; involving organizations working for the physically and mentally challenged during policy making and policy implementation, encourage research on the rights of the physically and mentally challenged, four per cent job reservations in the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad civic bodies, sensitizing elected representatives on issues of the physically and mentally challenged and medical treatments at all government hospitals and clinics.\"Special attention should be paid to the needs of the physically and mentally challenged girls and women like admissions in schools, facilities for health, education, transportation, employment, special foster homes. As per the United Nations' charter, the mentally challenged should be acknowledged eligible for voting rights, ration card and other relevant documents,\" said activist, Lata Bhise Sonawane.They want the Pune Municipal Corporation, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), and the Zilla Parishad to conduct a survey to identify issues and problems pertaining to the physically and mentally challenged. They should also acknowledge the rights of the physically and mentally challenged, and prepare a time-bound action plan to help them enjoy their rights.Allotment of a suitable budget and creation of vigilance committees in various wards, blocks and villages should be done, the manifesto said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "model gram", "code": "11817429", "title": "Nagis gift their 9-year-old princess a car on birthday", "text": "MODEL GRAM: To say that Agam Nagi of Model Gram is apple of her family's eye is a serious understatement. On Wednesday, as she celebrated her ninth birthday, her family ensured that she had the best of memories and gifted her a Ford Figo , which she had been demanding for a long while. Feeling every bit the princess that she is to her family, Agam had her cake cutting ceremony on top of the new car.Her father, Devinder Nagi, a teacher, said when they asked Agam what she wanted on her birthday she had been saying, \"Papa buy me a car.'' \"So, I decided that we will buy a car on her birthday and everything worked out so that we finally did it,'' he said.Devinder added that after buying the car they went to Nanaksar Gurdwara near Jagraon to seek blessings for their daughter and also the new car and in the evening they celebrated Agam's birthday with a bash. \"And she insisted on cutting her birthday cake on the car only,'' he said.Agam's mother, Jashandeep Kaur said everyone in their family, including her husband and father-in-law love cycling but they simply could not turn down their daughter's request so they bought the car. \"We chose the white colour because that is what Agam wanted and when she went to the showroom, she pointed straight at the white one,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11816687", "title": "Modi has lost moral right to stay in office after HC verdict: Cong", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress demanded resignation of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , saying the high court's indictment of the state government for the 2002 riots had robbed him of the moral right to stay in office.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi called the HC's observation that the state did not try to stop the riots as \"meaningful\". He said similar observations had come in the past, but this clear indictment was different.The angry reaction to Modi's indictment from Congress was expected but sections of the party have been wary of raking up the riots close to elections. Gujarat goes to polls later this year and Congress faces an uphill task in conquering its last frontier, having lost two consecutive elections to the Hindutva strongman.Having made him the culprit for the 2002 riots, Congressmen have lately felt that Modi benefits from the rival's campaign anchored around the post-Godhra carnage, as it polarizes Hindus in his favour. Modi has claimed this vote as approval of his development plank and governance. The hyping of \"maut ka saudagar\" last time was seen as evidence of the polarization theory.With the court order threatening to turn the political discourse back to riots, Congressmen are counselling restraint once the initial phase of reactions is over.However, Modi may not relish harking back to the Hindutva plank this time despite the obvious benefits in elections. The CM is engaged in an image makeover to increase his acceptability beyond Gujarat. His ambitions of national leadership require that he shed the hardline face to be welcomed by NDA allies though his GenNext rivals in the party would want him to rise to the Congress bait. His experiments with political posturing could force him to duck the Congress provocations over 2002 riots. This may just push Congress to go the whole hog on riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11816423", "title": "MNS campaign a traffic-stopper; Congress and NCP all for it", "text": "PUNE: Election campaigning in the next 10 days may violate silence zones and hold up traffic in the city. This much was visible on Wednesday when Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) president Raj Thackeray's road show moved through congested areas of the city breaching the election code of conduct.The Faraskhana police on Wednesday registered a complaint under section 188 IPC and section 36/134 of Bombay Police Act against the party's city chief Bala Shedge for violating the model code by using more than three vehicles. According to the complaint, the MNS used at least eight 4-wheelers, three 3-wheelers and eight 2-wheelers for the road show.The Pune police had warned against any long cavalcade of cars or two-wheelers and asked them to conduct their road show with only three vehicles, as per norms laid down by the Election Commission of India.Thackeray defended the road show and said that citizens cannot get everything they want. \"You cannot ask for everything as you like it. I want to see what the election commission does with the recording ( of the campaigning). How many offences are proved and registered by the election commission?\" he said.Thackeray got support from unexpected quarters. The Nationalist Congress Party and Congress openly supported his road show saying that it was a democratic way to reach voters and he had done nothing wrong by organizing the show. The Congress and NCP instead appealed to citizens to 'bear' with the election campaigns for 10-12 days.Earlier in the day, Thackeray visited Kasba Ganpati temple around 11 am before setting out from Shaniwarwada. He moved in the Peth areas starting from Mangalwar Peth. While he sat in a car with its windows rolled up, his wife Sharmila and son Amit travelled in open jeeps. Hundreds of Thackeray supporters and vehicles joined the cavalcade.Police had diverted traffic in the central areas, but commuters were inconvenienced. \"I am not able to find my way as all roads are packed with vehicles and supporters of MNS. How will political parties win our votes by creating trouble for us,\" said Vishwanath, a worker at a private firm on Laxmi Road.In Bhawani peth and Laxmi road, traffic came to stand still as the cavalcade moved on. Arguments broke out and traffic jams blocked small lanes in the Peth areas.\"The road show is a nuisance. I was stuck near Prabhat Road police chowky for half an hour,\" businessman Salil Korde said. He added, \"The traffic was so bad that even police were finding it tough to handle. People and commuters had to fend for themselves.\"Congress- NCP come for Raj's rescue\"Be it Raj Thackeray or anyone from any political party, all of us want to communicate with the people. Traffic jams and congestions will happen as the city is crowded. But it is matter of 10 to 12 days. Even if we organize a public rally at Congress Bhawan in Shivajinagar, there will be traffic jam in the area,\" Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed told reporters,NCP leaders, including former city unit chief Jaidev Gaikwad, M V Akolkar and head of party's legal cell Bhagwan Salunkhe, issued a press release questioning the election commission's restrictions on campaigning. \"Political parties have to express their views and convince people about their stand. Restrictions on campaigning are illegal,\" the leaders said.Not even a glimpse\"I don't know what Raj Thackeray wanted to say by organizing this crowd. He was in a car with rolled up windows. He did not even bother to roll it down or wave,\" said Keshav Vichare, a vendor from Shaniwar Peth.\"Political campaigning is changing. Leaders talked to us individually. There was door-to-door campaigning. I don't understand how road shows help leaders communicate their political views. Road shows are a show of strength,\" said Ramesh Kakade, a senior citizen.Thackeray's wife Sharmila and son Amit were happy with the response. The response had given confidence to party workers, she said. Amit said it was an 'amazing' experience for him to participate in Pune's road show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11815025", "title": "Loss due to drought: Rs 5,747 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has sought Rs 3,006 crore as assistance from the Centre for the state's 876 drought-affected mandals.Interacting with the central team that called on him on Wednesday after its tour of drought-hit areas, the CM said that the total loss of crops due to the drought is estimated at 3.01 million tones with its value pegged at Rs 5746.78 crore.Nearly 51.53 lakh farmers were affected including 48.53 lakh small and marginal farmers out of a total 100.56 lakh farmers in the state.The CM told the central team that AP would be sending a fresh request for central assistance as per revised norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11815669", "title": "Women labourers give opium to infants to keep them quiet while working: Report", "text": "JAIPUR: A report prepared by a few NGOs on child labour in Rajasthan has claimed that women working in mining or stone crushing units often give opium to their infants to keep them quiet while they are working.\"Many women bring their infants to the work site if they have no other childcare arrangement. It is not uncommon for mothers to give their infants opium to keep them quiet while they are working. Thus, addiction starts early and becomes a way of life,\" the report said, which was prepared by VAAGDHARA (Voluntary Association of Agriculture General Development, Health and Reconstruction Alliance) and Plan India.The report also claims that in the mining/stone sector, children start working around the age of 10-12 years, before that they are just not strong enough to carry heavy loads. They work as helpers at first, removing scrap and rubble, and gradually learn the tasks of making holes, and breaking and removing big slabs and rocks. There are no mechanisms for training them in what are considered more skilled and better-paid tasks like handling the pneumatic drill and breaking slabs, the report stated.The working condition of the children is below satisfactory in all the industries/ activities that they are involved in. The report said that the state government has showed no concern for the welfare of the children working in carpet-making. \"They (government) have no statistics,\" the report said.Moreover, the report says that children are denied basic facilities like safe drinking water, toilets and protection from scorching sun. Also, in certain activities, children are put in to secluded, non-ventilated rooms with 20 to 25 children working together. In cases of bangle-making and speaker-making, it is found that even sunlight is not available to these children.Child labourers are found in unorganized sector like agriculture, bidi-making, gem polishing, aari-tari, zardozi embroidery, sliver polishing, carpet industry, domestic work, dhaba/restaurant, ginning, mines, speaker-making, bangle-making, dairy work, rag-picking, child-trafficking, Kota doria weaving, brick-kiln, quarrying, block printing, wool shredding, salt industry and sex workers.The health condition of these children is extremely bad. In almost all activities, there is direct or indirect health hazards for them. Due to their heavy work load and the conditions at the work place the following diseases are commonly prevalent among working children: TB, bronchial diseases, hepatitis, psychological problems due to constant fear, anemia, STD, drug addiction, skin diseases among others.Children also get socialized into the working culture at an early age and by the time they are old enough to start working, they are ready to make the transition.Though both girls and boys work in mines, more boys are found working as girls are usually kept at home to take over domestic chores like cooking, fetching water and firewood and to look after younger siblings.In Jaipur, a common job is rag-picking, in which boys and girls as young as 6-years-old sift through garbage in order to collect recyclable material. The children usually rise before dawn and carry their heavy load in a large bag over their shoulders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11817966", "title": "Car falls from bridge leaving four injured", "text": "KANPUR: The driver of a car lost control over the vehicle on Wednesday and it fell down from Murray Company bridge, leaving several people injured. The occupants received injuries and the car got badly damaged. A rickshaw which stood underneath the bridge got badly damaged. A large number of people gathered on the spot.Cops from Harbans Mohal and Collectorganj police stations reached the spot.Ajay Singh, a resident of Shyam Nagar and a student of BA was driving the car. His neighbour Anshul Yadav was with him. They were heading towards Sisamau, when the power steering of the car got jammed and Ajay lost control over the vehicle. The car fell down and caused injuries to those who were standing underneath the bridge. Ajay, Anshul and a rickshawpuller identified as Sita Ram received injuries. They injured were rushed to Hallet Hospital. Mohammad Sami received injuries.The injured persons were in a critical condition. The traffic came to standstill on the bridge.The railings of the bridge have become weak. The bridge requires immediate repairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11817134", "title": "7K Aadhaar cards lie undelivered", "text": "KARWAR: Untraced addresses of Aadhaar card holders in coastal taluks of Uttara Kannada district has left postal authorities in a fix.About 7,000 Aadhaar cards are lying in various post offices in Karwar, Ankola, Kumta Honnavar and Bhatkal taluk because these addresses were not traced. This has led to the talks whether Aadhaar cards were registered with fake or dummy addresses in Uttara Kannada. Two days ago, the postal department issued a release asking people who had registered for an Aadhaar card but have not yet received it to contact the nearest post office and take them.Officials involved with registration of these cards say they had registered according to the guidelines issued by the government. But there are allegations that the procedure itself was wrong as a mere bank passbook was treated as 'address proof' and it's not difficult to open bank accounts.Nagaraj Joshi, a social activist, points out that officials who were appointed in the registration centre to verify the address proof were either outsiders or had no knowledge about people who were furnishing different ID proofs. \"They would just sign the form and some people must have exploited this,\" he said.Dattaram, a resident of Karwar, said authorities should have taken care while issuing cards in sensitive areas like coastal belts. But clarifying the stand of postal department, P L Hadaginal, superintendent of posts, Karwar, said there were many cases where people registered for Aadhaar citing one place, but work in another place. This had happened in other districts as well. \"To inform people and speed up the card delivery they issued the release,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-09"}
