{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917257", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation focus on stiff revenue target", "text": "KOLKATA: After the online payment of property tax proved a success, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is now set to introduce online payment of trade license fees and contractors' dues. Apart from this, the civic body will shortly introduce E-tendering process for essential civic services, projects and procurement. New municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed has taken the initiative to make the civic body technology friendly and prevent drainage of civic coffer.Within a week after taking over as the municipal commissioner, Ahmed has asked the KMC assessment department officials not to send 'unjustified' files to him which require his special permission for reduction of property tax. Section 192 of the KMC Act (1980) gives special power to the municipal commissioner to reduce property tax of a particular property the tax of which, according to the municipal commissioner, has been hiked irrationally.\"Ahmed has sent back two files which sought the commissioner's intervention for reduction of property tax,\" a KMC assessment department official said. The new municipal commissioner has also set a new target for revenue generation from property tax. Sources in the KMC assessment department said that Ahmed has asked the chief manager (revenue), Bhaskar Ghosh, to mop up Rs 1800 crore from property tax. Currently, the KMC collects Rs 530 crore from property tax.According to an estimate, chalked out after instructions from the new boss, it was noted that at least 30% of the total amount spent on development and maintenance of essential civic services gets drained every year due to manual tendering.Of the Rs 1100 crore that KMC spents annually on maintenance and development of essential civic services through registered contractors, Rs 330 crore gets wasted on maintenance and development of services such as water supply, maintenance of roads, maintenance and development of city's sewerage and drainage system disposal of garbage among other services.Under the new system (E-tendering), contractors from any part of the state can apply for any tender online. The credentials of the contractor will be judged automatically based on the standards set by the National Informatics Centre (NIC). The tender will be awarded to the eligible contractor once the procedure is complete, a KMC official said. Though a section of the KMC officials feel that it would not be very easy to introduce such a system, Ahmed has set an August 1 deadline for the introduction of the system.From now on, contractors will no more need to come to the KMC headquarters and stand in long winding queues to know the exact status of their payment advice or the payment. Henceforth, the contractors will be able to access the payment advice on the KMC's web portal and make the payment through ECS.This apart, the new municipal commissioner has also stressed on streamlining the revenue generation without harassing the rate payers. Ahmed has instructed the KMC license department to introduce online payment of trade license fees.\"Like online payment of property tax, we are set to introduce online payment of trade license fees. This will ensure less harassment for city traders and help the civic body earn more revenue,\" a KMC license department official said. Once introduced, the new system will benefit more than 10 lakh traders registered with the KMC trade license department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14917053", "title": "Arshad murder: PCR for prime accused till July 21", "text": "AKOLA: Prime accused in Mohammad Arshad murder case Mohammad Munaf Ayub Belim surrendered before police late on Thursday night. On Friday evening he was produced before the magistrate, who remanded him to police custody till July 21. Nine other accused are absconding.Arshad was murdered on Thursday evening. Mohd Munaf, Mohd Azam, Mohd Habib, Mohd Muzaffar and some others were reportedly involved in the crime. Ezaz alias Azzu, the brother of the deceased, is an eye witness of the murder. He and another relative had received injuries during the violent assault.The murder is said to be a pre-planned act to maintain supremacy of Belim family in the area. Police are investigating the case from angles and have not ruled out old enmity or money matters from being the reason behind the murder.On the fateful evening a mob of over people had stormed the Ramdaspeth police station and demanded immediate arrest of the accused. After Munaf surrendered just hours after committing the crime, offences were registered against 10 assailants under various sections of IPC and section 7 of Arms Act.On Friday, large crowd from both sides had gathered on the court premises when Munaf was produced before the magistrate under heavy police security.Meanwhile, the last rites of Arshad were performed on Friday under police presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915045", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to look into township's traffic issues", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and the traffic police will be conducting a joint survey to look into traffic issues in the next 15 days. Several measures to improve traffic conditions in Pimpri-Chinchwad are expected to be implemented following the survey in the next two months.The decision was taken at a meeting held on Friday. It was attended by municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre and other senior officials of the corporation and the traffic branch.Speaking to reporters, Pardeshi said, because of the wide roads in Pimpri Chinchwad, motorists, including two-wheeler riders, tend to overspeed, resulting in accidents. Moreover, pedestrians face difficulties in crossing the roads due to the speeding vehicles. Also, the problem of stray animals needs to be looked into.Pardeshi said, signals for pedestrians along with timers will be installed at major chowks. Zebra crossings will be painted and traffic signs installed.Pardeshi said, \"The survey will also check the speed breakers in the city. Those which are not needed will be removed. The traffic department plans to implement no-tolerance zone on Telco road, where several trucks are parked, reducing the width of carriageway. Also, action will be taken against vehicles which are parked under the newly-constructed flyover at Bhosari.\" Additional safety railings and reflectors will be put up along the flyover at Chapekar chowk in Chinchwad, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14924779", "title": "14 months on, missing girl\u2019s dad hopeful", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Fourteen months after his nine-year-old daughter went missing, Ganesh Bendkoli (35) is still looking for her. Bendkoli's daughter Damini went missing from Mora in Uran while she had gone to buy sugar from a nearby grocery store.Mora police have a CCTV footage that shows the girl walking out of the naval area towards her home on May 9, 2011. However, after that she just mysteriously disappeared.\"After the police recently found a girl, who was kidnapped from CST, in Haridwar with the help of CCTV footage, I am hopeful Damini will be found,'' said Bendkoli.Bendkoli, who works at a glassware manufacturing company, said that he visits two to three railway stations or ashrams in the state every week looking for Damini. \"I have visited several railway stations like Kalyan, Dombivli, Pune and Nagpur to see if Damini had been possibly forced to beg by any gang,\" he said.From the CCTV footage, it appears that Damini, who was walking straight towards her home after buying sugar from a local grocery store, suddenly turned back as if she was responding to someone calling out to her.Investigators have already interrogated the grocer from whose store the minor had purchased sugar and an auto driver. However, there has been no breakthrough.Citizens who may have vital information about the missing girl can contact the Navi Mumbai police helpline: 7738363836; or 022-27222600 (Mora police).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "saharsa/purnia", "code": "14920890", "title": "Threat to railway track near Fango halt yet to subside", "text": "Saharsa/Purnia: Railway engineers have so far succeeded in thwarting the threat of erosion to the Saharsa-Mansi rail track at 15/6.8 km near Fango Halt between Koparia and Dhamraha railway stations in the Samastipur division of East Central Railway (ECR), but the threat to the track, which connects Kosi division with the rest of Bihar, has not as yet subsided altogether.The anti-erosion operation, continuing for the sixth consecutive day on war footing, has thwarted the erosion threat at the 15/6.8 km. But the turbulent Kosi mounted pressure at other nearby places. The rising water level is virtually keeping engineers and other officials on the edge, said railway sources.Samastipur senior divisional engineer R R Singh, however, said, \"We are very confident of thwarting the erosion threat to Saharsa-Mansi rail track.\" Over 60 wagons of boulders were off-loaded at the site and over 200 labourers and two dozen engineers are working non-stop. Samastipur senior divisional commercial manager (DCM) M A I Humayu on Saturday expressed hope that the erosion threat would be successfully thwarted.Meanwhile, with a view to easing some pressure on the track, ECR has cancelled two passenger trains __ 55567/55568 Saharsa-Samastipur passenger train and 55569/55570 Saharsa-Madhepura passenger train __ for the present. The Saharsa-Patna Rajrani Express, Saharsa-Sealdah Haatey Bazare Express and Barauni-Saharsa Express were running hours behind schedule due to the blockade on account of anti-erosion work at the site, railway officials said at Saharsa on Saturday.To add to people's woes, vehicular traffic through Dumri steel bridge, parallel to the already damaged B P Mandal bridge at Dumri on the border of Khagaria and Saharsa districts on NH-107, has been temporarily suspended following erosion threat to the northern approach road to the bridge, according to Bihar Bridge Construction Corporation assistant engineer Sanjay Kumar Singh. The RCC B P Mandal bridge was damaged in 2010 and was substituted by the steel bridge. It directly connects with Kosi division.Meanwhile, fed by rain in the catchment areas in Nepal in the last two days, the Kosi has swollen and swamped many low lying areas in Supaul and Saharsa districts (Kosi division), according to official reports. The villagers are keeping their fingers crossed as the Kosi water seeped through many low lying areas like Kisanpur, Saraigarh, Bhaptiyahi and Marona blocks. Supaul ADM (disaster management) Ram Bilash Chowdhury said he is waiting for comprehensive reports from block authorities.In the meantime, the water discharge level at Birpur barrage (Supaul) and Barahkshetra (Nepal) was 1,40, 970 cusec and 1.11,000 cusec respectively at 11 am on Saturday against 1,14,800 cusec and 1,07,800 cusec at Birpur and Barahkshetra on Friday. The discharge into both the eastern and western main canals was pegged at 2,000 cusec each, according to the officials at the barrage. Though the discharge level was higher than July 13, the trend indicated a downslide on Saturday, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14949714", "title": "No solution from outside on Kashmir: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ruling out any solution from \"outside\" to the issue of Jammu and Kashmir , US President Barack Obama on Sunday underlined that disputes between India and Pakistan can only be resolved by the two countries themselves.Welcoming the Indo-Pak dialogue process, he said, \"it is not the place of any nation, including the United States, to try to impose solutions from the outside.\"That said, nations must meet their responsibilities and all of us have a profound interest in a Pakistan that is stable, prosperous and democratic.\"The US president was responding to a question on the current state of Indo-Pak relations and the best way forward for the two countries to resolve their bilateral matters, including Jammu and Kashmir.Obama told PTI that the US welcomed any dialogue and lessening of Indo-Pak tensions which would be good for South Asia and for the world.\"President (Asif Ali) Zardari's visit to India was encouraging. Increased trade and people-to-people contacts between Indians and Pakistanis can lead to greater prosperity and understanding on both sides.\"Efforts in New Delhi and Islamabad to improve relations give hope for further progress, including a possible visit to Pakistan by Prime Minister (Manmohan) Singh,\" he said.The US leader answered questions on the future of Afghanistan and India's role in it, as well as the US strategy in the Asia-Pacific region which is seen by some commentators as aimed at making India a counterweight to the growing military and economic muscle of China.\"India will be critical to Afghanistan's future,\" he said pointing out that it had also been critical to Afghanistan's progress to date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924876", "title": "Water contamination cases spike to 400", "text": "MUMBAI: There seems to be no end to the water problems Mumbaikars have to face. Over and above the 10% cut in supply, residents now have to cope with a spike in water contamination. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has registered 399 complaints of water contamination in the city -- more than a third of these complaints were registered after June.The bulk-192--of these complaints came from the island city, which still uses water supply pipes that date back to the British era. Residents complain it is high time the civic body got its act together and started replacing leaky old pipes.The BMC's data shows that it had received 399 water contamination complaints and is yet to attend to 41 of these. Interestingly, the D Ward (Tardeo, Girgaum, Walkeshwar, Mahalaxmi and Nana Chowk), home to the city's top brass including governor and chief minister, topped the list with 44 complains. While T Ward (Mulund), where the BMC tried out a 24/7 water supply pilot project, registered the least number of complains at three. K-West (Andheri West, Juhu, Versova and Jogeshwari) registered 32 complaints, topping the chart in the western suburbs. The maximum complaints-31--in the eastern suburbs were from M-East (Deonar, Govandi, Mankhurd and Trombay).Last year, an alarmingly high 33% of the complaints were lodged during the monsoon months of June to September. Officials have admitted that contamination cases rise during monsoon because of seepage of sewage and ground water into old pipes. \"Many of the water supply pipes have not been changed since the time they were installed. During monsoon, sewage and ground water usually seeps into fissures in these pipes, contaminating the water supply,\" said a senior official from the hydraulic department.However, the BMC claims it has sufficient measures in place to handle such a crisis. \"We are prepared to take emergency action and have organized mobile chlorinator vans that can reach localities where contamination levels are high and immediately treat the contaminated water,\" said Rajeev Jalota, additional municipal commissioner (projects).The BMC checks approximately 1,000 water samples from across 24 wards in the city each day, and during the monsoon, the BMC plans to increase the number of samples tested. Officials have also promised to reduce the reaction time between a complaint being lodged and addressed.Residents, though, allege that the civic body has been ignoring the root of the problem -- water supply pipes, Hansel D'Souza of the Juhu citizen welfare group said, \"The water that the city receives from the reservoirs is of the best quality, but the problem lies in the supply pipes. The problem with the BMC is that they only treat the effect (water contamination) but have ignored the cause (rusty old pipes).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14943938", "title": "Arnie gives Stallone crushing handshake", "text": "Arnold Schwarzenegger showed his former rival Sylvester Stallone , who is the boss, by giving him a very firm handshake at Comic-Con in San Diego .Schwarzenegger could not help giving a smug grin, as the 66-year-old Oscar-winner wore a pained expression in front of the amused crowd, the Daily Mail reported. But this was far from a resumption of old rivalries, as the dynamic duo were at the event to promote their forthcoming action film ' The Expendables 2 '.The duo were in sparkling form, with Schwarzenegger rolling out some of the trademark crowd-rousing oratory skills that served him so well as the former Governor of California . The pair received a standing ovation from a frenzied audience as they arrived to take part in an eagerly awaited question and answer session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "14925635", "title": "Ten pilgrims killed as bus falls into deep gorge near Kangra", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Ten pilgrims were killed on the spot and many others seriously injured when a tourist bus carrying 40 passengers slipped into a deep gorge, about 3 km from Kangra on Saturday.It is reported that the incident took place after a fully loaded bus with 40 passengers skidded into the deep gorge at a sharp curve near Kangra town at 10.15 pm on Saturday. People rued the sluggish attitude of the authorities and smashed the mirrors of the government vehicle.The deputy commissioner Kangra, KR Bharti and the SP Kangra, Diljeet Singh Thakur, who reached the spot told that, as per initial report the bus belonged to Bobby bus service, was carrying pilgrims from Kanpur. They were going to Kangra to pay obeisance at Brijeshwari Devi temple and were further proceeding towards Jawalamukhi when the accident took place.The driver of the bus lost control and it fell into about 50 feet deep gorge. The local residents gathered at the spot helped the local administration in rescue operation.However, it proved a uphill task to take out passengers from the bus, during the rescue operation. The rains and complete darkness in the area further created problems in the rescue work.The number of causalities is likely to increase further as the condition of many passengers was stated to be serious.The injured were shifted to Dr Rajender Prasad Medical College, Tanda which was the nearest trauma center available in the region. However, due to lack of specialists in the hospital many of the seriously injured are likely to be referred to hospitals in Chandigarh or Punjab.The locals were agitated at the slow rate of rescue work by the local administration, especially by the health authorities. Certain agitated locals broke the windowpanes of the vehicle of the Kangra CMO.A woman passenger was still trapped in mangled remains of the bus in the gorge. The local administration was trying to arrange for cutters to take out the injured woman, till filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14937021", "title": "15 people killed, 18 injured as bus falls into gorge in J&K;", "text": "JAMMU: Fifteen people, believed to be Amarnath pilgrims, were killed and 18 others injured when a state road transport corporation bus skidded off the Jammu-Srinagar National Highway and rolled down into a deep gorge in Ramban district.The state road transport corporation bus was on its way from Kashmir Valley to Jammu, rolled down into Digdol nallah around 11.20pm on Saturday night, superintendent of police (Ramban) Anil Magotra said.In the mishap, 15 people have died and 18 others were injured, some of them critically, he said.Magotra, who led the rescue work, said the operation concluded on Sunday morning with the recovery of 14 bodies. One of the victims died at GMC hospital in Jammu.The injured have been admitted to the Ramban district hospital from where some of the critical were referred to GMC hospital, the SP said, adding that most of the victims were outsiders.\"It appears that they are Amarnath pilgrims. But we need to verify the registration documents to give their account,\" the SP said.\"Most probably they are Amarnath pilgrims. But we have to go through a process to ensure compensation in case the victims are Amarnath pilgrims,\" an official attached with the PCR said here.The government has asked the deputy commissioner and SP of Ramban to identify the possible Amarnath yatris among the victims, he said.In another mishap, six Vaishnodevi pilgrims were injured in a head-on collision between a car and Tata Sumo in Katra belt of Reasi district late on Saturday night.The injured have been hospitalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918395", "title": "Mayor seeks better ties with state govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: In what marks a rare indication of a cordial relation between Samajwadi Party and the Bharatiya Janata Party , newly elected mayor, Dinesh Sharma on Saturday said that it is the collective responsibility of municipal corporations to help the state government in its endeavour to improve the city's amenities.The mayor said this soon after taking oath as the first citizen of Lucknow for the second consecutive time. Sharma, a BJP leader, has been lambasting the state government (read BSP government) ignoring the lapses in projects conducted under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. But on Saturday, he was silent on the issue.His silence, significantly, coincided with the urban development minister Azam Khan's drive against alleged cases of corruption in execution of projects under the centrally-sponsored scheme.It was only a day before when Sharma met Akhilesh Yadav and apprised him about the ailing financial health of LMC. In fact, the mayor was candid in saying that he saw no demarcation between corporator of different political parties or independents. \"We are all from 'vikas dal',\" he said.Sharma also sought to improve the financial position of LMC, through whatever possible means. \"We need to restrain ourselves from exorbitant spending,\" Sharma said at the ceremony which, significantly, was kept a low-key affair. \"We also need to look at the projects which may be taken on Public Private Partnership basis,\" he said.At the same time, the mayor demanded the state government to allocate due funds under the 13th Financial Commission and Samagra Vikas Yojana, due towards the LMC. The mayor also asked the newly elected corporators to work towards improving the revenue position of LMC. He also raised the pitch for application of 74th constitutional amendment, which guarantees substantial powers to the first citizen. \"It is not until due powers are allocated to the mayors that the situation would improve,\" he said.The demand holds much significance given the fact that the former BSP government had given an undertaking in the Supreme Court that it would apply the act, which strategically defines 18 powers of the office of the first citizen and brings various crucial establishments under its umbrella. It now remains to be seen as to how Akhilesh Yadav government responds to this.Meanwhile, the issue of waterlogging also came to haunt the first citizen and the 110 corporators who took oath. Sharma asked the officials to address the problem of waterlogging on a war footing. \"Areas affected by waterlogging should be taken up seriously,\" said Sharma, holding a mace.He said that the LMC will be setting up a control room and ascertain the problem of drainage and solve it soon. Sharma said that he would be asking the state government to upgrade the manpower strength of municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14942545", "title": "Rajkot civic body imposes water cuts from Monday", "text": "RAJKOT: While the city is already reeling under the water crisis, more water woes are in store for the people of Rajkot. Considering the delay in monsoon, Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) commissioner Ajay Bhadu on Saturday announced water cuts every alternate day which will be effective from Monday.\"Due to delay in rains, water resources are drying up. Since we have no other alternative, we have to impose water cuts. The water cuts to be implemented every alternate day will be effective till August 31. However, if there is good rainfall during this period, water cuts will be lifted immediately,\" said Bhadu after a meeting with senior RMC officials and engineers to discuss the water crisis.Bhadu said that at present Aji dam, the main supplier of water to Rajkot, has 125 million cubic feet (MCFT) of water that can last only for 62 days. Bhadar-1 dam has 240 MCFT water, which can last for 120 days. Nyari-1 dam has 70 MCFT water, which can last for only 35 days. \"If there is good rainfall in the third or fourth week of July and August, water cuts will be immediately withdrawn,\" he said.The RMC commissioner said that he will hold meetings with the collector office and irrigation department to prepare contingency plan. \"There will be meetings at RMC to discuss the status of water crisis every week,\" he said.Bhadu also made a public appeal to use water judiciously. \"Water cuts was inevitable. In the absence of water cuts, the city would be headed towards a major water crisis,\" he said.Box:Banking on Bhadar-2, Aji-3In the event of further delay in monsoon, RMC will rely on water supply from Bhadar-2 dam and Aji-3 dam.\"We are exploring the possibility of using water fro Bhadar-2 dam, which is located near Jetpur. There have been complaints of Bhadar-2 dam's water being contaminated from nearby dying industries. We will be sending a team of engineers from RMC to test the water,\" Bhadu told reporters in Rajkot.Bhadu said, RMC would also explore the possibility of getting water supply from Aji-3 dam, which supplies water to Jamnagar. \"If needed, we will lay pipelines on a war footing to fetch water from Aji-3 and Bhadar-2 dams,\" he said. tnnComponent-IIFarmer ends life in Amreli villagetimes news networkAmreli: Delay in monsoon has claimed a farmer's life in Amreli district. Police identified the victim who committed suicide as Babu Paghdal, a resident of Dhundia Pipaliya village of Vadia taluka in Amreli.Police said Babu ended his life by consuming pesticide on Thursday and died during treatment on Friday.\"Preliminary investigation revealed that Babu was extremely concerned about the loan he had taken to buy seeds. However, considering the monsoon delay, and the bleak prospect of good produce of ground nuts and cotton, he sank into depression and committed suicide,\" said an official from Vadia taluka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14952044", "title": "Devayani to pair up with husband", "text": "For the last five years, actress Devayani was largely seen on the small screen where she was very much sought after to do TV serials. Now, the actress is making a comeback on the big screen and that too as a heroine!Devayani will be playing the lead in her husband Rajakumaran's next directorial venture Thirumathi Tamizh , in which the director is debuting as an actor.The film also stars Radha Ravi, Livingston, Ramesh Khanna, Ganja Karuppu, Charuhassan, Keerthi Chawla and Rohini in crucial supporting roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915124", "title": "All police stations may have female sub-inspectors", "text": "KOCHI: It has been suggested that at least one woman sub-inspector be posted in every police station in the state to make police stations more women-friendly.The idea, in the proposal stage now, was suggested to the government a few months ago by the Kerala Police. The department has, however, clarified that this wasn't a new initiative from its side.\"This is a recommendation that the latest National Police Commission Report has brought before state governments,\" said Manoj Abraham, inspector general of police, headquarters. He also said the Kerala Police authorities had not got any official confirmation on this.Lida Jacob, advisor to the state government on gender and child protection, told TOI on the sidelines of a conference that the government was mulling over this suggestion.\"The decision has to be made formally. Talks on implementing it are still at the nascent stage. The government wants to turn police stations into a female-and-child-friendly place. It is with this idea that the government is seriously considering having one woman sub-inspector in each of the 468 or so police stations in the state. This will also prove helpful to the Nirbhaya project launched recently to curb atrocities against women and children,\" she said.Meanwhile, many women police officers commented that this would have a positive impact on the attitude of the administration. \"Having additional women sub-inspectors in each station will be a huge financial liability. However, it would be a commendable move if it's implemented,\" said B Sandhya, inspector general of police.The talks of implementing the proposal come at a time when Kerala Police is preparing to host the 5th national conference of women in police from July 25 to 27.The conference to be held under the aegis of the Bureau of Police Research and Development, New Delhi will bring together around 300 women police officers of different ranks, from DGP to constables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14924472", "title": "4 passenger trains to run 7 days a week", "text": "BANGALORE: From July 15, four trains between Mysore, Bangalore, Arsikere and Hindupur will run 7-days a week instead of 6 days, said the PRO, south western railway.Train no. 56231/56232 Mysore-Bangalore city-Mysore Passenger, train no. 56237/56238 Mysore-Bangalore City-Mysore Passenger, train no. 56223/56224 Bangalore City-Arsikere-Bangalore City and train no. 56523/56524 Bangalore City- Hindupur-Bangalore City Passenger will run all days in the week including Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "delhi/chennai", "code": "14921494", "title": "DMK, AIADMK spar over prime Chennai plot", "text": "DELHI/CHENNAI: The Centre has locked horns with an insistent Tamil Nadu government seeking to reclaim 63 acres of prime Chennai land, in another attempt by AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa to embarrass arch-rival DMK.Tamil Nadu government has served notice to sick pharmaceutical undertaking IDPL to return 62.08 acres from its possession because it was lying vacant for over four decades after the allotment made to set up the PSU. A terse letter, issued by the industries secretary on June 19, asked the drug maker to file objections in a week.The demand over the prime piece of land, at a time when it is a scarce commodity, may have passed for routine tussle but for the fact that IDPL falls under department of pharmaceuticals of Union ministry of chemicals and fertilizers, headed by DMK strongman Alagiri.Not for nothing, the Union ministry has raised a red flag to the demand. The drug maker responded to the state by saying that Centre was set to unveil a revival package for IDPL and giving up any part of the land could affect the move. According to sources, TN cannot seek the land when the company's viability was being studied by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction.The issue could trigger a replay of the clash between the Dravidian outfits. While DMK was on the offensive for an extended period, ruling in Tamil Nadu and Delhi, the situation changed after AIADMK swept to power last year in Chennai. Since then, M Karunanidhi has stuck to the Centre to ward off \"vendetta\".Jayalalithaa tried to pick on Karunanidhi's role in UPA to embarrass the rival. She trained guns initially on Alagiri, questioning his performance in Parliament, and even tried to corner DMK by raising the pitch against the Centre on Sri Lankan firing on fishermen and human rights of Tamils in the island country.Observers feel AIADMK may think of using the land issue to accuse the rival of hampering the state's industrialization. DMK, on the other hand, wants to take credit for reviving the near defunct PSU.The clash over the Chennai land, pegged at over Rs 1,100 crore, has signs of flaring up, with tough words from both sides. In his letter, N Sundaradevan, principal secretary, industries, said IDPL was sick and possibility of its using this land was remote, adding, \"When there are so many pressing claims for land for industrial and other purposes, it is not proper to keep such a large and valuable chunk of land unutilized.\"However, a senior official in the chemicals ministry said, \"IDPL case is pending before a quasi-judicial body BIFR and Supreme Court has ruled in the past that states cannot take over allotted land at their whims.\" Sources said a similar demand by Andhra Pradesh for IDPL land in Hyderabad was denied in the past.IDPL officials said many such demands by various departments in Tamil Nadu including the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) had been rejected. The Chennai unit of IDPL employs 150 employees and produces 25 crore tablets and 3 crore capsules per year. The Chennai plot has 457 apartments for its employees and many have been let out on rent to private parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14916585", "title": "Retired BSF man &amp; wife found dead", "text": "KANNUR: A retired BSF man and his wife were found dead in their house at Nayattupara near Mattannur on Saturday morning in a suspected case of suicide.According to the police, the body of K M Madhusoodhanan (43) and his wife Bindu (36) were found dead in separate rooms.Bindu's body was found hanging from the ceiling of the bedroom in the ground floor. Her husband's body was found in the bedroom on the first floor. He apparently shot himself using an air gun.Madhusoodhanan was first found dead by their children Aparna and Ananya who woke up around 8am. Not finding their parents around, the girls went upstairs to see their father dead.His air gun was lying nearby. Hearing the cries of the children, the neighbours reached there and informed the cops.The police broke open the bedroom door in the ground floor to find Bindu hanging from the ceiling.The police said they did find any foul play. After retiring from BSF, Madhusoodhanan was working with a private security agency. After inquest, the bodies were sent for autopsy to Pariyaram Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14948440", "title": "I am my own competition: Salman Khan", "text": "Dancing star and choreographer Salman Khan's performance has been getting loads of compliments Colors' TV's 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5'.He and his dancing partner Isha Sharvani are consistently getting full marks from the judges. How does it feel to be the recipient of 30 marks for the fourth time? \"Feels great but at the same time I know that I have got that extra responsibility to perform better in our next act\" says Salman. Salman has not only been applauded for his superb dancing but it is his story telling through dance that sets him apart from the rest. Where do so many ideas come from? Adds Salman, \"When I get the song I watch it many times and then random thoughts come to my mind. I also discuss my ideas with my mother and sister and they always help me to arrive at the right decision.\"\"After getting a perfect thirty from the judges, I always have a blank expression on my face. I become more keen to see my repeat performance because I feel that I am my own competition. After the judges' scores, I always rate myself because I believe self analysis is very important for any performer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14943461", "title": "Cops to tighten noose around vehicle lifters", "text": "VARANASI: Think twice before parking vehicle at any place even outside your house as the men in khaki have started realizing that vehicle lifters are emerging as the major challenge for them.A fresh analysis of the vehicle lifting cases done by the DIG Range A Satish Ganesh has brought shocking facts to light. According to records of Varanasi range of past six months (from January to June), a total of 347 cases of vehicle lifting were registered out of, which 216 were recorded in Varanasi, 29 in Chandauli, 52 in Ghazipur and 50 cases were lodged in Jaunpur district. When the officials went through the cases of these vehicle lifting it came to light that maximum vehicles had been lifted from the areas near Kutchehris, banks, post offices, commercial complexes and even from outside the houses.Out of 347 as many as 45 vehicles were lifted from government offices while 24 from banks and post offices while 11 were stolen from Kutchehris. The report stated that 141 vehicles were lifted when they were left outside the residences. The working hours prove to be ideal hours for operation for the vehicle lifters as 70 percent vehicle had been stolen in day hours. Out of total stolen vehicle 75 percent are two wheelers. The official also found that rare stolen vehicle contained the safety measures like steering lock, gear lock, anti-theft alarm and additional lock in two wheelers.The range police have succeeded in recovering 265 vehicles in the same period out of, which 60 were stolen from the range in past six months while 60 were lifted from other states. The cops are finding it difficult to link other 140 recovered vehicles with the records of stolen vehicles as the chassis and engine number are not matching. By going through the trend of vehicle lifting the officials are realizing that gangs of vehicle lifters are active in the range hence their identification is must.In view of the outcome of analysis of these cases of vehicle lifting the DIG has issued order to deploy policemen in civil dresses at those points where the cases of vehicle lifting is taking place repeatedly. He has also ordered for intensifying efforts for the identification of the gangs engaged in vehicle lifting and deploy police force at those government establishment where the menace of such gangs is high. The DIG also ordered to launch massive campaign to make the vehicle owners aware about the safety measures.The reason behind the concern of officials in the matter of vehicle lifting is known easily by going through the records of same crime of the past year. In 2011 the number of vehicle lifted from Varanasi district was 114 (between January and July 10) while in comparison to it 216 vehicles had been lifted by June end in current calendar year. The recovery of the vehicles against the total stolen vehicles had also remained high in past years. It is being considered that due to engagement of men in khaki in election duties with the beginning of January and massive reshuffling in police department after the formation of new government in state the vehicle lifters and their gangs found ideal opportunity to increase their menace again.2 vehicle lifters arrestedThe Jaitpura police on Saturday succeeded in nabbing two vehicle lifters from Nakhhighat railway crossing with two stolen auto rickshaws. According to police, the arrested thieves were identified as Nasim of Kaimur district in Bihar and Gappu of Shailputri crossing under Jaitpura police station area. The auto rickshaws recovered from their possession were stolen from different localities in Varanasi. Police said that these vehicle lifters were active in the region for long time and they used to sell out the stolen vehicles in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917163", "title": "Elderly, disabled to get speedy justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi district courts have finally woken up to the plight of senior citizens and disabled. In a recent order issued by the Delhi high court, all trial court judges have been asked to have a \"special focus\" on the cases involving senior citizens, minors, disabled and other marginalized groups and dispose of these cases at the earliest.This comes as a part of the campaign, 'Five-plus free', that aims to dispose of the cases pending for more than five years by the end of this year. The letter, which was sent recently to all district and sessions court judges, has asked the judicial officers to prioritize the cases involving such groups.\"I am to request you all that all judicial officers under your control may be asked to target to make the judicial system five-plus free by the end of 2012 as far as possible, along with special focus on disposal of cases of senior citizens, minors, disabled and other marginalized groups of the society and the undertrials,\" said the letter issued by the registrar general of the high court.For this, the high court has also provided for a mechanism to the trial court judges so that they can segregate cases of the target groups from that of the other old cases. In this, the trial court judges will be required to identify the cases of the targeted groups and maintain a separate database for the disposal of these cases.The decision to put these cases have been welcomed by the lower court judges and lawyers alike, who say these sections of society suffer the most due to the long pendency of trials. \"This is a great initiative on part of the courts. Justice delayed is justice denied and especially in cases of senior citizens and disabled, the justice should be given expeditiously,\" said lawyer Vijay Aggarwal, who is the counsel for several accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.The high court has asked the trial courts to file their progress report by January 20 next year.HC has also given the liberty to the trial court judges to \"adopt appropriate measures\" that the judges feel are required to bring down the huge pendency of cases.The one-year campaign, which started in February, comes at a time when the trial courts are dealing with a backlog of over seven lakh cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14921028", "title": "Sangma for 1974-like stir", "text": "PATNA: Five days before the election to the post of President, presidential candidate P A Sangma said the country needed a \"political President\", and asserted that after the race for Raisina Hill is over, a movement of youths and students like that of 1974 would sweep across the length and breadth of the country for the \"change\" of government at the Centre.Sangma, who arrived here Saturday morning for interaction with BJP MLAs to solicit their votes in his favour, said, \"No matter who wins or loses the presidential election, there would be a new JP-like movement for a change of government at the Centre. The country needs another 'JP Movement'.\"Sangma said, \"People of India are angry, disappointed, and looking for a change. This presidential election should be a beginning of the movement for change.\"Asked if the country needed a political President, Sangma spoke in the affirmative. \"Yes, the country needs a political President. I am very clear about that. President is the custodian of the country. He must know politics, he must know Constitution, and he must know law.\"Three national BJP leaders - general secretary Vijay Goel, chief national spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad, spokesman Shahnawaz Hussain - and state BJP top brass including deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , party's state chief Dr C P Thakur, party's former state chief Radha Mohan Singh , minister Nand Kishore Yadav and national vice-president Kiran Ghai, accompanied him.Sangma denied that he was disappointed by the absence of Bihar CM and JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar. \"I am not disappointed, but I expected him,\" he said.Asked if he would call on Kumar, he quipped with a smile, \"Presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee will meet him!\"Banter apart, Sangma pointed to \"popular perception that favoured Anna Hazare \", and said even Union minister Salman Khurshid had maintained that the UPA government needed to have a sense of direction. Referring to the state of affairs, he added, \"The country's condition is very bad. You talk of anything - corruption, price rise, investment, GDP, industrial growth rate - we are at a very bad state.\"Maintaining that he had the support of 17 parties, including the BJP, BJD and the AIADMK, among others, Sangma insisted that a \"miracle\" could still send him to Raisina Hill. His propaganda material exhorted the voters: \"Exercise conscience vote, elect Sangma.\" He was sanguine about the support of West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee.Before having interaction with the BJP leaders, including its MLAs and MLCs at a joint meeting, Sangma went to garland the statue of JP near Gandhi Maidan that has seen many a historic political rally, including the one addressed by JP himself.Earlier, Ravi Shankar Prasad described Sangma as \"the biggest bridge that links the north-east with the rest of the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14953109", "title": "BCCI working committee meet to discuss domestic overhaul", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BCCI working committee will meet on Monday to discuss and ratify the technical committee's recommendations for overhauling domestic cricket.The technical committee headed by Sourav Ganguly and the special committee comprising of another former captain Anil Kumble , among others, had recommended some sweeping changes in the domestic cricket structure on June 12.As per the recommendations, the Elite and Plate groups are to be replaced by three groups of nine teams each. Each team will play eight matches at the league stage.Three teams from Groups A and B, and two from Group C, will qualify for the knockout phase. The quarter-finals, semi-finals and the final will be five-day games.If in the knockout phase, result of first innings is not obtained at the end of the fifth day, then the match will be extended into sixth day. If a result on first innings is not obtained even at the end of the sixth day, then the winner will be decided on the spin of a coin.The technical committee has also recommended a change in the points system in the league stage, suggesting six points for an outright win to encourage teams to go for it rather than be content with taking first innings points (3 for the team taking the lead).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14937282", "title": "Diamonds: Price imbalance major worry", "text": "SURAT: For the Indian diamond industry, the crash of 2008 was more benevolent than the coming diamond crash of 2012. Reason: In 2008, the business came to a virtual standstill as the diamantaires did not buy nor sell and that when the business gradually normalized in 2009, activity resumed and prices stabilized.In the present scenario, the diamantriares are buying rough diamonds at higher rates and losing about 10-20 per cent on the polished they are selling every month. In the past one month, the prices of polished diamonds have come down by almost 10 per cent in Mumbai and Surat markets as the consumer spending on diamond studded jewellery across the world has decreased following an uncertain global economic outlook.\"There is no equilibrium in the rough and polished diamond prices as it was in 2009. Presently, the rough diamonds are over priced and the value of polished diamond is diminishing with each passing day. However, it is very difficult for the diamantaires, especially the small and medium players, to operate below the breakeven margin,\" a DTC sightholder said.Throughout 2010, which was a profitable year for the diamond industry, both rough and polished prices rose more or less in tandem; there was a manageable gap in the pace of growth between rough and polished. However, many traders in Surat and Mumbai were willing to speculate and buy rough at high prices, assuming that polished would increased by the time their resultant output reached the markets.But, the traders miscalculated in a big way. In 2011, the market went into a steep upward spiral price-wise as the rough prices had doubled since the third quarter of 2009, when rough and polished prices had been in equilibrium. Polished price growth, however, then lagged some 25 per cent behind the corresponding rough. Then came the third quarter 2011 crash, and most diamond companies literally saw the profits made earlier wiped out. Though producers like De Breers, Alrosa, BHP Billiton still made record profits, many of their clients in India lost money and were left with stocks that had lost, and still were losing, enormous value.Diamond market analyst Aniruddha Lidbide said, \"The polished diamond market has collapsed badly and there is no sign of recovery. The leading mining companies like Alrosa and De Beers should think in favour of diamantaires and reduce the rough diamond prices by another 7-10 per cent in order to bring the polished and rough diamond prices in equilibrium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14937338", "title": "Two arrested for kidnapping minors", "text": "SURAT: Two youths were arrested by police on Friday for allegedly kidnapping two minor girls. The duo took the girls to Delhi in a train and then brought them back to the city within 48 hours. Those arrested from Surat railway station are Arif Chahwala and Farhan Hussain of Rander. They were nabbed when they were getting down from August Kranti Express along with the girls. The four were sent for medical examination to ascertain whether the girls were physically assaulted.Sources said the accused had met the girls at Mota Bazaar in Rander on Wednesday. They allegedly took the girls with them forcibly in a car (GJ-5-CJ-7983) to Dumas beach. The girls were in their school uniform when they were kidnapped. The accused later called a friend near City Plus multiplex and asked him to drop them at Vadodara railway station. The accused along with the two victims then boarded a train to Delhi from Vadodara, while their friend returned to Surat with the car. Chahwala took his accomplice and the kidnapped girls to his uncle's residence in Delhi where they stayed on Thursday and boarded a train to Surat at night. The girls changed their uniform at the residence where they had stayed for the day.Meanwhile, police traced the location of the accused and trapped them as they reached Surat railway station. \"The victims and the accused refused having established any physical relations. We will question the accused about their intention as one of them is married,\" police said. Sources said Chahwala is having a disturbed married life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14940398", "title": "Cow's milk may be inappropriate for babies, studies", "text": "Earlier, many nursing mothers inIndia breastfed their babies for a longer period of time. But with changing times, women have begun weaning babies off breast milk much earlier.Data from the National Family Health Survey 3 report indicates that many mothers stop exclusive breastfeeding prematurely, with only 69% infants less than two months of age being breastfed exclusively. By two-three months of age, the number falls to 51% and by four-five months, breastfeeding plummets to 28% only.Declining rates in breastfeeding are mainly due to supplementation with plain water in the early months, followed by cow's milk in subsequent months. Additionally, there exists the practice of introducing top feeds early in the form of diluted cow's milk. All this flies in the face of expert advice, which recommends avoiding cow's milk for the first year of the baby's life because it is inappropriate, unsafe and inadequate in terms of nutrient content.Doctors stress that the first two years are critical for the growth and development of babies, due to which they need to be nourished exclusively on breast milk. This is why, the World Health Organisation (WHO) and United Nations Children's Fund ( UNICEF ), advise exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months and continued breastfeeding for up to two years and beyond.In the first six months especially, exclusive breastfeeding is emphasized to curb the possibility of food contamination from impure water or malnutrition due to over-diluted bovine milk (cow or buffalo).Mother's milk is widely recommended because it is enriched with nutrients, vitamins and minerals, including antibodies that safeguard infants from life-threatening diseases. Besides minimizing risks of diarrhoea, breast milk protects babies from allergic reactions such as eczema.Nutrition experts caution against the use of cow's milk in the first two years of a child's life because, unlike mother's milk, it lacks adequate nutrients, contains no antibodies that protect against infections and is a poor source of iron.Moreover, cow's milk is usually processed and transported in environments that are simply not hygienic enough to prevent contamination from food-borne bacteria, say experts. National surveys as well as published studies have repeatedly shown cow's milk sold loose as well as in packets have high levels of adulteration with detergents and toxic substances such as urea,all of which could especially endanger the lives of babies who possess delicate immune systems.To safeguard infants from such dangers, the Food Standards and Safety Association of India (FSSAI) mandates an upper limit for certain microorganisms in pasteurized milk. These norms are necessary because even milk from healthy cows and buffaloes that contains few bacteria can be liable to hundred-fold bacterial contamination once it is stored for some time at normal temperature.Besides minor skin infections, some bacteria can cause life-endangering diseases such as pneumonia and diarrhoea. In spite of milk being heated or pasteurized to protect it from bacterial contamination, it is still susceptible to recontamination, even under refrigeration.President of Indian Dietetic Association  (  IDA  )  Pune chapter,  Dr Geeta Dharmatti said, \" Cow's milk is susceptible to spoilage by yeasts and moulds and may even trigger allergic reactions in infants. At least two per cent of infants across the world are said to be afflicted with cow's milk allergy, which can cause rashes, eczema, colic , vomiting and diarrhoea, among other ailments. Contamination of cow's milk, including recontamination of pasteurized milk, is among the many reasons why Infant and Young Child Feeding recommendations state that infants should be exclusively breastfed during the first six months of life. Nutritionally, feeding with cows milk may lead to iron depletion in infants. Lactose in milk can cause diarrhoea and gas. Infants could later be given appropriate complementary feeds with continued breastfeeding till two years of age or beyond.\"More worryingly, all practices connected with cow's milk deprive babies of proper nutrition as the nutrient composition of cow's milk is not suited for human infants, especially since it contains high levels of protein unsuitable for infants' immature kidneys. While boiling and diluting with water destroys its nutritional content, the household practice of removing the fat layer in milk also deprives infants of essential nutrients.Dr Jagmeet Madan, president of IDA Mumbai chapter, said, \" Although feeding infants cow's milk is more than a thousand-year-old tradition in India, it brings in additional concerns of contamination, adulterants and allergens thus making it unsafe . In the first six months, therefore, it is preferable to nurse the infant exclusively on mother's milk since this boosts resistance to disease. Additionally breast milk is designed naturally to address the nutrient and assimilation ability of the infant for mothers unable to nurse because of health reasons, it's best to consult the family physician about a safe alternative\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14938713", "title": "Has Ashvin Kumar's movie been banned?", "text": "To view Ashvin Kumar's 2 films Inshallah, Football and Inshallah, Kashmir on the Kashmir crisis back-to-back, is to wake up to a very real and palpable crisis in our body-politic. The harrowing first-person accounts of torture persecution and death of the local population in the hands of those who have been elected to protect the right to freedom of every Indian, left me shaken to the core.No, this can't be happening in democratic India. Worse still these two documentaries, shot with the emotional velocity of feature films ( Inshanallah, Football is particularly elegiac lyrical and inspiring) are faced with censorial issues.Speaking on the Inshallah, Kashmir Ashvin states, \"People think it's about extremism. It's actually about humanity. It's a companion piece to my earlier film Inshallah, Football. \" Apparently a multiplex chain has offered to buy both of Ashvin's documentaries and release them as one film. Provided the censor board clears them both.At the moment Ashvin has taken on the censor board and the Censor Board Of Film Certification (CBFC) has asked him to appear before them explaining his press statements alluding to alleged irregularities in the CBFC.Sighs Ashvin, \"I wish I didn't have to be in this unenviable position where I have to make an appearance before the censor board. They're hauling me up for making certain comments, some general comments I made about corruption. I don't wish to take on the censor board. I just want to make the point that there's a lot of subjectivity involved in the decisions which may result in undue coercion. I've already sent the CBFC a long and detailed email on my problems with censoring. I think we should re-examine the rules and laws of our country.\"Ashvin feels the censor board has made myopic observations on his Inshallah, Kashmir . \"The CBFC can't seem to differentiate between an independent voice in a film giving a testimony, and the voice of the filmmaker. They seem to think the voices in a documentary represent the filmmaker's voice. The censor board doesn't seem to understand the documentary format. Inshallah, Kashmir was completed on January 26. Very significant, isn't it. At the moment I've not screened it anywhere since it remains banned.\"However Pankja Thakur the CEO of the CBFC has another story to tell. \" Inshallah , Kashmir has not been banned. It went to the Examining Committee which referred it to the Revising Committee. The Revising Committee will soon re-view the film.This is the standard procedure as prescribed by law to certify films.And the director will be called for a meeting to put his views forward.\"Sources inform us that the CBFC intends to consult experts on the Kashmir issue before taking a decision on Inshallah, Kashmir.Ashvin Kumar adds,\"It is very important for the rest of India to understand the issues in Kashmir. The last 20 years of government propaganda about Kashmir has created a one-sided discourse and any opinion that contradicts that discourse is considered anti-national. That's absolutely ridiculous. We need not one or two films like Insallah, Kashmir , but hundreds of such films. It's a very critical issue for our democracy. There're so many issue that have cropped up recently to shake up every liberal-thinking democrat, whether it the Salman Rushdie controversy or Sanjay Kak not being able to screen his film in a private university in Pune. If common people in India and Pakistan do not have access to the reality in Kashmir then we're in deep trouble. Even my other documentary Inshallah, Football shot in Kashmir has been given an 'A' certificate. There is no basis whatsoever to give an 'A' certificate to a documentary which has neither violence nor sex.\"When I point out that Ashvin Kumar's two documentaries may have serious political ramifications and hence the 'A' certificate Ashvin retorts, \"Are we saying that under 18's cannot understand the suffering of Kashmir? Inshallah, Football is about a young footballer who gets a scholarship to go to Brazil . But the Indian government denies him a passport because his father is an ex-militant. My documentary is about this kid's aspirations. I've tried to look at the Kashmir crisis from a humanitarian point of view. The description of the French Revolution in textbooks is as disturbing as what is going on in Kashmir. We've detailed descriptions of the violence that Bhagat Singh and Subhas Chandra Bose resorted to, to achieve independence. What is so objectionable about a Kashmiri militant talking about his experiences? In my opinion the 'A' certificate has been abused by the CBFC to restrict the circulation of Inshallah, Football . It's a verdict I had to accept or I'd have to battle for another two years. But if we don't listen to the voices from the Valley, it will be lost to us. Thanks to the Pakistani influence in Kashmir the gentle Sufi side of Islam is almost lost in the valley and replaced by anger and militancy. We've bred a generation of hatred in Kashmir.\"Ashvin condemns the concept of censorship. \"Cinema is the only art form where a handful of people decide whether we can or cannot have access to a work of art. My recommendation is to make the censor board a body to only announce adult content to parents. I'm very happy to challenge the system in my small way. The cinema's role is to depict the changes in society. At the moment, we can't do that. Given current censorship 30 years from now we'll look at a very cautious, politically correct cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14919732", "title": "Princess made public poorer by Rs 21cr", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa collector has assessed that the total loss due to the grounding of the River Princess on the Sinquerim shore, as 2,100 lakh roughly. The report also observed that about 5,000 sq m of private property and 30,000 sq m of public beach was lost due to erosion.The River Princess drifted towards the Sinquerim shore and was grounded there since June 6, 2000. It was cut up and removed around May this year.The collector's report states that the disastrous effects of the vessel on the land are difficult to quantify in terms of financial losses; particularly the adverse effects on the tourism industry. The enormous amount of public beach lost has definitely had a negative impact on tourism in Candolim and Sinquerim beaches, especially the 5-star hotels have reported reduced occupancy in their hotels due to the erosion of the beach as hotel guests can no longer enjoy the sun and sand in the proximity of the hotels.According to the collector, the hotels have estimated the losses in the range of 600 lakh to 700 lakh. Besides, a number of beach shacks used to be set up along the one-kilometre stretch. At least, six of these shacks had to close down due to the erosion of the beach. At least six families lost their source of livelihood due to this. Besides, thousands of tourists were not able to access this part of the beach, depriving a large number of persons dependent on tourism of their livelihood. The business of water sports also stopped. Considering that an average 20,000 tourists visited this beach annually and a per capita loss of conservatively 500 per person, the total loss estimated is around 1,000 lakh.The report also noted that close to 5,000 sq m of prime beach property belonging to private persons was eroded due to the grounding of the ship at Sinquerim. Besides, the public beach admeasuring approximately 30,000 sq m has been lost to erosion. The market value of land on the beachfront in Candolim-Sinquerim is highest in terms of land prices in the coastal areas. Conservative estimates of 10,000 per sq m would indicate a loss of 500 lakh. Therefore, the total loss would work out to 2,100 lakh roughly, the collector's report states.Referring to restoration of the beachfront, the report states that the water resource department is in the process of finalizing the designs and estimates in consultation with Central Water and Power Research Station (CWPRS), Pune. A rough estimate of 1,500 lakh has been worked out and this includes providing permanent revetment for shoreline protection, to provide underwater-submerged reefs for facilitating the formation of beach and beach nourishment by shifting the excess sand deposited in and around the ship to the affected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14920672", "title": "Online water screening system on the cards", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) plans to test water pollution online during supply stage.The Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI), which conducted a two-month study on the water supply monitoring system in Greater Hyderabad, has recommended online monitoring to the Water Board. Incidentally, the Surat Municipal Corporation in Gujarat has been implementing the system on ASCI's recommendation for the past three years.\"Though the Water Board has been supplying treated water to its 7.90 lakh residents through the 6,823-km distribution network in the city and peripheral municipal circles, it does not have a mechanism to find sources of water contamination,\" ASCI director (Energy, Environment, Urban Governance and Infrastructure Development) V Srinivasa Chary told STOI.\"As a result, the HMWS&SB; has been receiving complaints on water pollution frequently from the public. The Bholakpur incident, where 12 people died after consuming contaminated water, would not have happened had there been a proper monitoring mechanism. Once water is released from water treatment plants (WTPs) to the distribution network, there is no pollution check while the supplies are on,\" he added.The ASCI team has recommended installation of sensors in the water supply distribution (pipeline) network to check water quality. \"We can install sensors in the pipeline. The sensor alerts about contamination by sending data like name of the area, locality and distribution network to a server. The staff will monitor the network round the clock and alert officials on water pollution,\" the ASCI director said.Though the online water monitoring system would be a little expensive, it would reduce operating cost of chemicals in the long run. The ASCI team also recommended testing of raw water samples from reservoirs once every three months instead of twice a year, cleaning reservoirs and intensifying patrolling along the shores of reservoirs, the ASCI official said.\"A HMWS&SB; experts' team will visit Surat in the next few weeks to study the online water monitoring system,\" HMWS&SB; Quality, Assurance and Testing (QA&T;) Wing general manager K S Nasappa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14949946", "title": "RTO plans awareness drive", "text": "MANGALORE: It is a common sight to see autorickshaws plying with over a dozen schoolchildren every day. Despite imposing fines on errant auto drivers for violating the rules, the authorities have not succeeded in effectively addressing the issue.Arun N, an autorickshaw driver, told STOI that since fuel prices are galloping, it has become inevitable for them to ferry more number of commuters (than the stipulated number) to break even. \"Parents of schoolchildren are aware that autos are jam-packed. What can we do when they are only not worried about sending their children in packed autos?\" he asked.Nagaraj (name changed), a businessman who sends his two sons to school in autos, said: \"I send my sons to school in autos as their school does not provide bus facility. There is no other alternative for me.\" Regional Transport Officer C Mallikarjuna said not only are auto drivers violating the rules, so are school buses. Last year, RTO collected around Rs 2 crore as fine from different vehicle owners, including auto drivers, for violating rules.To address this problem, RTO, along with the department of public instructions and Mangalore City Police, will organize a three-day orientation programme to create awareness among autorickshaw and bus drivers, school authorities, parents and children within a week, RTO said.The dates are yet to be decided and it will be organized at three different places here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14950218", "title": "Yoga camp gets good response", "text": "MANGALORE: The six-day free yoga camp, organized by Mangalore University (MU) under National Service Scheme (NSS), has received an overwhelming response, with 320 students from different parts of Kodagu and Dakshina Kannada district taking part. The camp is on in MU campus since July 10.International yoga referee Gopalakrishna Delampady said the camp is being organized to enhance the memory of students and to help them maintain good health. \"Usually, only a few youths in 18-20 age group participate in yoga camps. This year, good number of students are taking part in the camp,\" he added.The students are being taught meditation, pranayama and different asanas. A related test was also conducted. A group discussion on yoga will be organized on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14942179", "title": "Administration turns heat on Guwahati party spots", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (metro) district administration has decided to terminate licences of bars, pubs and discotheques violating official guidelines and regulations on maintaining order in their establishments. The move comes days after the mass molestation of a young girl on one of the busiest roads of the city.Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri has asked owners of establishments serving partygoers to abide by the directives of the district administration or face stringent action. He has also directed all bar owners to employ private security guards at their establishments and install close circuit cameras within 15 days.\"Our message to the owners of the bars and other such other establishments is clear. If they want to do business here they will have to abide by the rules. Bars organizing dance programmes, musical performances or shows by popular artists without prior permission from the district administration will not be spared,\" said Agnihotri.He has also ordered bar owners in the city to check the age and proofs of patrons to ensure that no one below the age of 21 is allowed on the premises. Agnihotri further added that the owners will have to look after situation not only inside the bars but also in the surroundings. \"It is not only inside the bars, they (the owners) will have to ensure that their customers do not disturb peace in the vicinity of their establishment,\" he added.The move seems to have been prompted by Monday's incident, which revealed a revealed the ineffectiveness of police patrolling the city roads at night. Though the incident took place at around 10pm, the police took more than half an hour to reach the spot which was within 2km of the Dispur and Bhangagarh police stations.Meanwhile, the district administration has closed down the bar outside which the girl was molested on July 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14939932", "title": "Parking facility along BRTS neglected", "text": "INDORE: One of the major bottlenecks along the BRTS corridor is about illegal parking load that has spilled on to the roads narrowing down motor able space. Majority of the footpaths and service roads have also turned into parking zones. At many places, these parking zones are obstructing traffic movement and are the root cause of jams and accidents.Unless the issue of parking is resolved, chaos will reign along the BRTS corridor. Parking facilities for the commuters' vehicles at the bus stops is feared to worsen the problems further. Presently, Indore BRTS, which is nearing completion, has not made any arrangements for parking the vehicles of commuters at the bus stops.A survey conducted by RITES, said that around 80% of the traffic gets delayed due to erratic parking on the roads. Traffic experts suggest that the problem can be solved only by making dedicated parking arrangements.Shivanand Swami, who conceptualised the BRTS, said that well-developed feeder transport connecting BRTS corridor and proper parking arrangements for the commuters is the key to its success.In Ahmedabad, BRTS became a hit mainly because parking facilities were put in place for commuter's vehicles at every bus stop along with the project. People found it very convenient and started using public transport in a big way. In other cities including Indore, BRTS has generated negative sentiments mainly because of the delay and inconvenience caused due to the ongoing construction activities.Rajendra Ravi of Institute of Democracy and Sustainability, who has been working on BRTS in different cities of the country, said that people would use public transport only when they have proper means to travel down to BRTS bus stops. In Delhi, there has a well-developed feeder transport systems connecting the residential colonies with the corridor, while in Ahmedbad, people have the option to park their vehicles at any bus stop, where parking facilities have been made. These commuter-friendly aspects encourage people to use BRTS.Besides this, Delhi has also constructed two parking facilities on the BRTS corridor for the parking of vehicles of the residents who live in the nearby areas through which the corridor passes through.Praful Joshi of save life cycles said that the delay in completion of the project has created negative sentiments, but stressed that accidents were not caused due to road conditions.\"Accidents are caused mainly due to ignorance of the safety norms. As per the ruling of Supreme Court, all the safety norms should be followed at the construction site,\" said Joshi adding that construction site should be barricaded, traffic should be diverted and people should be informed in advance about the construction work and their duration. At the same time, all the labourers working at site should have all safety gadgets.Tender of project has elaborate safety norms, but most of the time contractors do not follow the norms in order to cut on cost. Unfortunately agencies concerned also do not enforce these norms strictly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14919605", "title": "Swiss woman's death: Cops nab car driver", "text": "Mapusa: Anjuna police has traced the accused involved in the death of the Swiss national in a road accident on July 6. Police arrested the accused Yogesh Korgaonkar, 23, a resident of Khadpavaddo in Cunchelim, Bardez.An unidentified car had dashed motorcyclist Gerber Margarita, a Swiss national, who sustained grievous injuries and later succumbed.Anjuna police said that the unknown driver of a black colour car drove in a rash and negligent manner while proceeding towards Mapusa and when he reached a small bridge junction at Kumarwada in Anjuna, he hit against a motorcycle which was coming from Doshashir -Parra.The rider of the motorcycle, Margarita, sustained grievous injuries, police said. The driver of the car fled from the spot without giving medical aid to the injured person nor informing the police. The foreigner later succumbed to the injuries while undergoing treatment at Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim on July 8. Anjuna police were groping in the dark in their effort to trace the car. Police later contacted all garages in and around Bardez in search of the car involved in the accident. Finally, one garage contacted the police with information that a black colour car was brought to his garage for repairs because of the accident. Police contacted the garage for further details.The police identified the car driver as Yogesh Korgaonkar, who is an engineering student studying in Bangalore. The next day after the accident he had to leave to Bangalore for his studies. The police contacted Yogesh called him back to Goa. During the course of investigation, police arrested him. The accused confessed to his crime and was later released on bail. Meanwhile, the deceased's family members arrived in Goa to claim the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919437", "title": "Discotheque raided in Basavanagudi", "text": "BANGALORE: Police raided a discotheque, allegedly run without a licence, near Tagore Circle in Basavanagudi on Saturday afternoon.\"Neighbours in the vicinity complained about loud music from the disco. Assistant commissioner of police (Jayanagar sub-division) GB Manjunath, who went to the Solo lounge bar at a hotel around 2.30pm, found people dancing and loud music being played. The police ordered closure of the bar and asked people there to move out,\" said a police officer.DCP (south) Sonia Narang told STOI: \"The discotheque was run without a licence and we took three persons into custody.\"Basavanagudi police booked cases against owner Abhishek, manager Arjun Urs and one of the partners Rahul under Section 294 (for obscene acts and playing loud music) and also invoked relevant provisions of Karnataka Police Act besides the Public Amusement Act.Guard killed: A security guard at a commercial establishment near Mayo Hall, Arumugam, 55 was killed on the spot after an unidentified vehicle knocked him down when he was crossing Residency Road around 6am Friday. Arumugam , a resident of Anepalya, was on his way to work when the accident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940228", "title": "Naveen Patnaik sacks more 'loyalists' of Pyarimohan Mohapatra", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Continuing his operation against his friend-turned-foe Pyarimohan Mohapatra, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday removed some of his loyalists from the corporation chairman and other posts.Those who got the marching order were Jyotiskar Mohapatra ( Odisha Tourism Development Corporation), Sarat Chandra Mishra ( Odisha Small Industries Corporation), Prafulla Panda (Talcher-Angul-Meramandali Development Authority) and Sarat Sahoo (member, state planning board). These posts will now be managed by the respective department heads, official sources said here.Enquiries revealed, Naveen, after announcing Mohapatra's suspension from the BJD in the wake of the much-hyped allegations of the latter attempting to oust him from power, has been on the job to remove officials and political appointees, supposedly loyal to his rival, from the administration. The chief minister in the last few days has removed the director general of police (DGP) and on Friday transferred as many as 32 senior IPS officers at one go. \"More transfer lists are underway to shift collectors and other key officials in the administration in the coming days,\" the sources pointed out.Party sources said the chief minister will also go for a reshuffle in the ministry soon, having already dismissed three ministers in the aftermath of the May 29 meeting at Mohapatra's house, which was projected as the final countdown for his removal from the post of chief minister. Naveen, however, is said to have purposely deferred the ministry reshuffle after the July 19 presidential elections fearing further trouble in the government. \"He has since collected intelligence inputs about ministers and MLAs loyal to him and those to Pyarimohan Mohapatra. The reshuffle will mostly be based on these findings,\" said a BJD leader, adding the crackdown on Pyari supporters in the party, government and administration is going to prove too daunting a task for the chief minister to achieve.\"There are many Pyari loyalists in every field as he virtually ruled the state for the last 12 years while the chief minister only signed on dotted lines in files and barely met party people. Now that he has fallen out with Mohapatra, he is trying to establish his writ both in the government and the party,\" the party leader pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14947329", "title": "No fingerprint ink in store, Thiruvananthapuram police helpless", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Police in the city are facing a strange problem; shortage of ink. The ink in question is the special ink used for making the fingerprints of the suspects. The local police attribute this sudden scarcity of ink to the initiative of preparing the database of the migrant labourers in the city.It was three months ago that the state government took a decision to prepare a database of migrant labourers in the state. The database preparation includes maintaining a record of the copies of documents proving the identity of the labourers and also their photographs and finger prints.\"Usually fingerprints of those suspected in theft cases and serious criminal cases are recorded. A single tube of ink was sufficient for us as it had lasted for months,\" said a police inspector in the city. \"Now, the situation has changed. The number of people whose fingerprints get recorded has increased manifolds. In place of five or six cases in the past, now there are 50 to 60 cases every month.Another police official said that the whole process of recording fingerprints of migrant labourers was a futile exercise as these prints would be kept in the local police stations and never sent to the Fingerprint Bureau and compiled for future reference.IG Manoj Abraham said that the state police had been provided biometric scanners for recording fingerprints as part of modernizing the force. \"The current problem will be solved when the department finishes the distribution of the devices,\" said Abraham.Local police often face delay in getting new stocks of paraphernalia, be it ink, paper or pen. It is a complex and time taking process. \"Police stations do not have an option to buy their paraphernalia from local stores. Everything needed is supplied from the police store itself. For this, an application should be sent to the authorities at Police Head Quarters. The delivery may take time, sometimes up to six months,\" said another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947792", "title": "Bad news continues for Mysore Zoo", "text": "MYSORE: Bad news continues to dog Mysore Zoo. A tigress has been diagnosed with cancer.White , who will be turning 18 this September, is suffering from cancer and her health condition is deteriorating. The Zoo is now considering a surgical intervention but is apprehensive that it could prove disastrous, given her age. When vets examined her on Friday, they witnessed a tumour in the mammary gland. The cancer has affected two mammary glands on her left side, Zoo executive director B P Ravi said on Saturday.Mammary gland tumours are mostly malignant and metastasis is common, spreading to other parts of the body.The only available treatment is surgical removal of the affected mammary glands under general anesthesia. \"In aged animals, the risks associated with general anesthesia is very high,\" he stated. As she is aged, life expectancy with or without surgical intervention is very short. On the other hand, if she survives without surgical intervention, she may suffer from tumour-related problems like necrosis and toxemia, ulceration, infection, myiasis and metastasis, he added.This comes after the Zoo lost three African hunting cheetahs within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921330", "title": "Actor Nandamuri Balakrishna to enter active politics", "text": "HYDERABAD: Actor Nandamuri Balakrishna is all set to enter active politics. Announcing this after a meeting with Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president Chandrababu Naidu, Balakrishna said here on Saturday, \"I met Naidu recently and we discussed about it.\"Balakrishna said henceforth, he would take more interest in the affairs of the TDP. He said the topic of his position in the party did not come up for discussion during his meeting with Naidu, but added that he would serve the party in whatever capacity it desires so. The actor spoke to reporters after a function at the Basavatarakam Indo-American Cancer Hospital and Research Institute.Balakrishna, who was critical of Gudivada MLA Kodali Nani quitting the TDP, said people would teach a lesson to anyone who backstabs the party. The actor said some people were trying to create differences among Nandamuri fans but they would not succeed. Queried about the possibility of Lokesh entering politics, Balakrishna said it would be up to him to take a decision considering his young age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14918236", "title": "Guards at underpasses to prevent pump theft", "text": "NOIDA: After thieves struck at the swanky underpass in Sector 18 and made off with several of the cylindrical stainless steel covers wrapped around the pillars, the suction pump kept there has gone missing. The Noida Authority has now decided to deploy guards at all the three underpasses when it rains.The decision to post guards was announced by Noida Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran at the Authority's board meeting earlier this week. \"Earlier last week, waterlogging was reported at the Sector 18 underpass. A suction pump was kept in readiness for another shower. However, the pump was stolen within a day or two,\" Saran said.\"There have been reports of defacement of the Sector 18 and the Rajnigandha underpass earlier as well. We have, therefore, decided to post guards at all the three underpasses to prevent the suction pumps from getting stolen,\" he added.The Authority has also come up with a detailed plan to deal with monsoon woes. Fifteen spots that are prone to waterlogging have been identified, and the Authority has assigned each of these spots to its junior engineers. As soon as it rains, the engineers are expected to go to the respective spots on priority and supervise the staff to prevent waterlogging or any related problem.To ensure all traffic signals remain functional during rains, the Authority has decided to make the signals solar-powered. \"Since most traffic lights stop working during rains, we have decided to make them all solar-powered. Of the 85 signals in the city, only 38 are run on solar power at present,\" Saran said. The Authority has also asked the traffic police to deploy constables at all busy traffic junctions throughout monsoon to avoid jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919651", "title": "Sunday Bazaar closed for first time", "text": "BANGALORE: For the first time in its history, Chickpet's three-decade-old flea market aka Sunday Bazaar and Chor Bazaar will be closed today as most of its hawkers will be at Palace Grounds.\"The bustling market at which anything from jeans to water pumps and electronic gadgets, including iPhones, are available dirt cheap will be closed,\" said regular visitor Manjunath Sharma.Most vendors occupy footpaths on both sides of the road stretching from Chickpet, Cottonpet, Sultanpet and KR Market as most shops down shutters every Sunday.\"There's not even an inch of space for customers to move around from 7am every Sunday,\" said LN Murthy, who claims he purchased almost all hardware from nails to hinges for doors and windows required for his new house some years ago.According to urban lore, most items sold here are procured from thieves. \"This is not true. Only some items may be stolen goods. We sell rare items,\" said Syed Sharfuddin, who comes here to buy old gramophone records and curios.After sunset , the market gives way to street-food vendors dishing out tasty stuff beyond midnight.Local police confirm the market will be closed, that too voluntarily. \"Once we tried to close it down as choppers, machetes and swords were being purchased here by the city's underworld. That didn't happen as there was strong objection,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14938165", "title": "Army jawan caught molesting girl in Assam, held: Police", "text": "JORHAT: Police arrested Anil Kumar Upadhaya, an army jawan of Nitaipukhuri Naujan-based army camp, late on Friday after he was caught red-handed trying to molest a girl at Panidihing Dolpa village under Dimow police station in Sivasagar district.Crime against women in Assam has come into sharp focus after the outrage fuelled by the recent mass molestation case in Guwahati. Superintendent of police (Sivasagar) Akhilesh Kumar Singh said: \"Anil was arrested for his involvement in a molestation case at Dolpa village on Friday. He is now in police custody and he is being interrogated.\"The incident took place when a 13-member army team belonging to their Nitaipukhuri Naujan-based camp were patrolling the flood-affected Dolpa area around 5pm on Friday when Upadhyay tried to molest a local girl who was collecting firewood near the breached part of the embankment.Some other women working in the embankment saw Upadhyay trying to manhandle the girl and raised an alarm, helping the girl escape.Outraged locals gheraoed the army team till 8pm and demanded punishment for the guilty. Later, the angry locals withdrew their protest after the police arrived at the spot and arrested the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918428", "title": "Missing youth found murdered, family members go on the rampage", "text": "LUCKNOW: The family members of a missing youth, whose body was found on Saturday, went on the rampage on Lucknow-Kursi Road alleging police laxity in the case. The family members also laid siege to the Gudamba police station alleging that had the cops acted on time, the youth would have been saved. Gudamba police termed the charges as baseless.Ashutosh Tiwari, 18, a resident of sector H in Jankipuram, was missing since July 11. On Saturday, his body was recovered from Siddhauli in Sitapur. Investigations revealed that Ashutosh was murdered by his friend Deepak. The victim was killed on July 11, police said.The family members had told the police that Ashutosh was last seen with his friend Deepak Rawat on July 11. But the police picked up Deepak for interrogation only on Saturday. Deepak cracked during interrogation and confessed having killed Ashutosh. He buried the body in Siddhauli.A police team had taken Deepak to Siddhauli to verify his confession.The alleged delay by Gudamba police in handling the case triggered protests once the news of Ashutosh's murder spread. The protesters had blocked the Lucknow-Kursi Road since 4pm. They also damaged property in the police station and pelted stones at vehicles.The family members also alleged that they even requested the Gudamba cops to enquire about the whereabouts of Ashutosh with his friend Deepak, who was last spotted with him.However, the cops continued with dilly-dallying tactics and didn't proceed as per their request, the family members alleged.The police said that the exact motive behind Deepak killing Ashutosh is still under investigation, but prima facie a dispute between Deepak and Ashutosh over a close kin of the accused some time back, is stated to be the reason behind the crime. District police chief Ashutosh Pandey rejected the allegation of laxity by Gudamba police and said that in fact the police had informed the family members about Ashutosh being spotted in Sitapur.Besides, the allegation that Deepak was not interrogated earlier was also false, Pandey said. He added the Deepak was initially called at the police station, but he denied knowing the whereabouts of Ashutosh.On July 13, when the cops got the call detail records and found several conversations between Ashutosh and Deepak that they again picked up Deepak. During interrogation he confessed his crime, Pandey said. The district police chief also said that many persons who took part in the protest have criminal antecedents. One of them was identified as Amit Tiwari, said to be brother of Sumit Tiwari, a miscreant killed in police encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "14920603", "title": "Black flags greet CM's programme", "text": "Rajahmundry: Protesters with black flags raising anti government slogans welcomed chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy here on Saturday during his maiden Indiramma Baata programme. The CM came to the town on a three-day programme of Indiramma Bata to give a new lease of life to the Congress cadre, review the welfare schemes and development activities and inspections of various schemes. But the first day of the three-day programme witnessed protests as well as opposition from the various political rivals including arrests of 200 TDP leaders and cadres.The BJP activists staged a protest with black flags at Madhurapudi airport when the CM landed there. Later, about 200 TDP workers including district president Nimmakayala Chinna Rajappa, former ministers Gollapalli Surya Rao , Chikkala Ramachandra Rao and others were arrested at Korukonda when they tried toprotested against various issues including severe power cuts in the state.The Chief Minister said he has started the programme to interact with the public directly and solve their problems. The CM would make a night halt at AP Residential College after interacting with the students and having dinner with them and is slated to start his second day programme from Amalapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14936185", "title": "Another batch of 2,975 pilgrims leaves for Amarnath cave shrine", "text": "JAMMU: A fresh batch of 2,975 pilgrims left for the Amarnath cave shrine situated in south Kashmir's Himalayas.Amid tight security, the pilgrims comprising 2,065 men, 670 women, 92 children, besides 148 sadhus, left on Sunday in a cavalcade of 112 vehicles at around 5am from the Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu, a police official said.The convoy has already crossed Chanderkote on Jammu- Srinagar National Highway towards base camps of Pahalgam in Kashmir Valley.With Sunday's batch, as many as 73,644 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940572", "title": "Naveen Patnaik seeks Central funds to construct anganwadi centres", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Days after seven toddlers were killed in the wall collapse tragedy at Ranpur town of Nayagarh district on July 9, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday asked the Union government to allocate funds for construction of around 50,000 anganwadi buildings in the state.In a letter to Union women and child development minister Krishna Tirath , Naveen pointed out that only 20,000 of the 71,000 anganwadi centres (AWC) in the state have their own building while the rest run in schools, community buildings or rented premises. This deprives the children of a meaningful and joyful learning environment and also poses a serious hazard to them, Naveen wrote.\"I am at a loss to understand why universalisation of Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) has taken place without simultaneous provisioning for buildings, and it is left to the state governments to locate funds for the AWC buildings,\" he said in the letter.The CM, who also holds the women and child development portfolio in the state, wrote that the state had obtained Rs 400 crore from 13th Finance Commission, Rs 200 crore from state plan, tied up with Integrated Action Plan, Backward Region Grant Fund besides using funds from state-funded Kandhamal Gajapati Yojana for building AWCs. \"Yet the gap is so huge that even this effort is not enough to meet the requirement,\" he wrote.It may be mentioned here the opposition Congress had blamed the state government on Thursday of not utilizing central funds meant for anganwadi centres effectively.The BJP women's wing alleged on Saturday the state government has 'conveniently ignored' the seven deaths. The saffron party took out a protest rally highlighting several women and child related issues such as the anganwadi deaths and the alleged rape and murder of a Dalit girl in Pipili, among others.Amid opposition heat building up on the ruling dispensation, a BJD delegation on Saturday toured the tragedy site in Ranpur town. \"It is a very unfortunate incident in which innocent children have lost their lives. There should not be politics on the issue,\" said Puri MP Pinaki Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14939111", "title": "Celebs angry over Guwahati incident", "text": "I swear, I'll NEVER be a bystander while an innocent person needs help, no matter what the risk. India needs to grow some balls and brains. The Guwahati incident still on my mind. I apologise to the girl on behalf of this evidently depraved nation. Can't even imagine her trauma \u2014 Vishal Dadlani, composer, on his microblogging siteThe outrage wasn't unexpected. The apology on behalf of the entire nation to the girl, who was stripped and molested,was unsettlingly correct. Along with that the question it raised was more pertinent than ever before in the context of modern India \u2014 a country that takes as much pride in candlelight vigils and dharnas as it ducks in shame for the growing number of silent spectators to this macabre mockery of the basic rights of women.If Guwahati has a controversial cameraperson filming for 30 minutes a girl getting stripped by men who are smiling at the camera, Uttar Pradesh has a meeting of 'biradaris', where suggestions are mooted to debar women below 40 touse mobile phones. It's claimed that women too attended this meeting and supposedly endorsed such decisions! Worse still is the rampant use of live footage of such incidents on national television. And all this while so much is made out of the screening timings of U/A movies!Says Assamese director Jahnu Baruah, who made the criticallyacclaimed \" Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara \" and is waiting for the release of \"Har Pall\" , \"The Guwahati incident is shocking for me, more so because I come from Assam and I know how much regard people of the northeast have for women there. There's no place for dowry in the social system and women are held in high esteem. It defies logic to see such a thing happening in Guwahati. But then, it's a fact that the whole of India is reeling under social degradation. People stay mum and if they do speak out, often it seems designed. Candlelight vigils have become fashion statements and people walk the talk to be on channels. Ever since the economic liberalization in 1990, we have been only running after money and neglecting social issues. There is a loss of character among people.\"The National Award-winning director, who has completed an Assamese film titled \" Baandhon\" and is waiting to start another, plans to go to Assam at the end of the month and get in touch with people to know the root cause of this issue. \"I find it very surprising that people who are molesting this girl are smiling at the camera. Has the whole thing been designed?\" Baruah asks.Singer Debojit, who hails from Assam, wants a ban on showing such objectionable video footage in the name of news. \"It's unbelievable that a cameraperson, instead of immediately rushing out to help, can film such a video. Worse still, the whole nation is seeing it over and over again in the name of news. I don't think this is creating awareness. This is voyeurism at its worst. Don't people understand that showing and seeing this video amounts to outraging the girl's modesty a thousand times? Of course, show the news but then don't treat it as another real-life drama. We are smart only in terms of our appearances. If those who molested the girl were demons, those who made the video, screened and watched them are no less partners in crime,\" says Debojit.So, is India treating such visuals as yet another form of uncut real-time erotica? Among the 1,58,039 viewers, who watched the \"Guwahati girl molested by mob \u2014 uncut version\" on YouTube, 53 even pressed the \"like\" button! If this is bizarre, a week before, athlete Pinky Pramanik's extremely private gender determination test had also gone viral with three torrent downloads still available online. Says Mahesh Bhatt, whose \" Jannat 2 \" courted screening time controversy recently, \"The news \"sellers\" get away with a lot of blood and gore in the name of news. If it bleeds, it leads. That's the mantra of electronic channels. We in the entertainment game have always been wrongly singled out and acussed of 'poisoning' the cultural space with movies that have 'too much' sex and violence. Tragedies are the gold mine for the news sellers. They fuel the news market. We, as a society, have no empathy. We have become a \"soundbyte society\". We have all contributed to this darkness.\"Celebs from Assam hang their heads in shameDipannita SharmaatwalAs soon as I saw the news on television, I called up my mom who stays in Guwahati and she said, 'I could not sleep all night, even animals have rules of conduct!' In fact, just as we spoke, I got so emotional remembering my school days. Guwahati was such a nice and quiet place and I cannot imagine that it has transformed into a territory where the crime rate is increasing! These acts are such a downer for my beautiful city and makes an otherwise fiercely proud Assamese like me hang my head in shameMonikangana DuttaWhen I heard about this, my first reaction was 'not again'! I've walked the streets of Guwahati as a child, gone to school there and the roads were so safe. This incident has shocked me. But then, aren't there just too many incidents of crime against women happening these days? They are happening with alarming regularity across India and I can't help but wonder if this would have happened had we woken up from our indifferent stupor much before!As told to Aparna Phadke", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14952197", "title": "36 pilgrims, mostly Indians, killed in bus accident in Nepal", "text": "NEW DELHI: 36 pilgrims, most of them Indians, have been killed in a bus accident in southern Nepal close to the Indo-Nepal border on Sunday morning, according to Times Now.Most of the killed belong to Maharajganj district of Uttar Pradesh.According to reports, the bus with around 80 pilgrims, swerved off road, plunging into Gandak canal.The bus was carrying pilgrims to a temple in Nawalparasi.The identity of the dead is yet to be known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914834", "title": "Statues stay put as Pune grapples with traffic", "text": "PUNE: About 23 statues standing at chowks and street corners across the city have become major hurdles for smooth flow of traffic. Identified five years ago and slated for removal to safe sites, they have stayed put. Political parties in Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) are wary about taking up this hot potato while traffic congestion assumes epic proportions in the city.The demand to shift statues from the junctions had gained momentum following the death of Atharva Dongare, a school student, in 2008. The boy had come under the wheels of a Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) bus near congested Shaniwarwada area. Activists and citizens had sought the immediate removal of Kakasaheb Gadgil's statue from this busy chowk as it restricts smooth traffic flow.However, it took four years for party leaders in the civic body to decide on Gadgil's statue. Mayor Vaishali Bankar convened a meeting of all party leaders this week which concluded that Gadgil's statue should be shifted to the westside water fountain near Bajirao Peshwa's equestrian statue at Shaniwarwada. The fountain will be demolished and Gadgil's statue will stand at the spot.This is just one of the 23 statues that will move to a safer place. Party leaders have avoided any decision on the other 22 statues that cause bottlenecks. The issue assumes significance as over 100 statues in the city are in the midst of chowks and hinder smooth traffic flow.In 2008, the civic administration identified 23 statues for shifting. Some of them were Kakasaheb Gadgil, Vasantdada Patil's statue at Abhinav Kala Vidyalaya, Kamgar statue at Shivajinagar, Karmaveer Bhaurao Patil's statue at Volga chowk and Jamnalal Bajaj's statue at Sarasbaug.The plan has remained on paper. \"As of now we have decided to relocate Kakasaheb Gadgil's statue. We have not yet discussed shifting of other statues. We have to take decision only after consultation with all party leaders and family members of the leaders whose statue needs relocation.\" said mayor Vaishali Bankar.\"Relocation of statues is a sensitive issue. When I initiated the process during my tenure, it rebounded. Political parties and leaders are not willing to take a strong stand in public interest. Many statues are installed by religious communities, sects and political parties. I feel that we need to shift these statues and put them together in a park,\" former mayor Mohansingh Rajpal said.Former corporator Ujwal Keskar said that a few years ago PMC had approved a resolution to set up a statue park and shift all the statues to one location. \"However, no further follow up was taken. We wake up only after some accident takes place and a debate over the issue ensues for a while. Then we wait for another tragedy,\" Keskar said.Former mayor Rajlaxmi Bhosale admitted that the plan to have a statue garden remains on paper as \"sentiments\" are attached to the statues and political parties and relatives of leaders whose statues are erected are not willing to relocate them.\"Commuting in city is horrifying, especially when signals are not working. Statues in busy chowks should have been shifted long back. Installing statues and creating a public nuisance is not the way to show reverence to leaders,\" said Ketan Joshi, a self-employed person, who commutes daily through Abhinav Kala Vidyalaya chowk.\"Jamnalal Bajaj's statue near Sarasbaug is a cause for traffic congestion in busy areas like Sarasbaug chowk and roads should be wider without any hurdles. During peak hours, the statue and the surrounding beautification results in more congestion,\" said Rekha Korde, a shopkeeper.\"Statues in public places are a mere ritual, ideals of leaders should be followed in life,\" said Rema, a college student, pointing to the traffic congestion near Aurora Towers where Dr B R Ambedkar's statue stands.City-based Rajshree Parmar Memorial Foundation had repeatedly urged the state government to initiate stringent measures to check the mushrooming of statues and fountains at busy junctions in all major cities and towns of Maharashtra.\"The city's politics has reached a low-point. Parties bank on emotive issues for elections and statues have become a poll plank. Nobody bothers what happens to the statues once they are installed. The PMC and politicians routinely garland them on birth and death anniversaries. We agree that city's traffic is worsening and it is the political and social responsibility of parties to join hands and take unanimous decisions. But no one is interested in resolving basic issues. It is ironic that we cannot decide on shifting statues and we talk of major projects to mitigate traffic problem,\" activist Nitin Pawar said.Political hot potato", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915086", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to complete tree census by December", "text": "PUNE: The ongoing tree census by the garden department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will be completed by the end of December.The second agency assigned the task of conducting tree count by the civic body in April has so far counted 3 lakh trees of more than 200 species in the jurisdiction of Yerawada, Hadapsar, Sahakarnagar, Vishrambaugwada, Kasba and Bhavani Peth ward offices.The tree census was first started by the PMC in August 2008. About 21.26 lakh trees were counted by the first agency till 2011. The total count so far comes to more than 24.26 lakh trees.Madhav Jagtap, tree officer in the civic body, told TOI that the tree count will be completed by end of December. \"About 70% work is completed. Out of the 14 ward offices, the tree census has been carried out in 11 ward offices and the tree count has been completed in Aundh, Warje, Karvenagar, Karve Road, Ghole Road, Dhole Patil Road and Sangamwadi ward office areas,\" he said.\"The tree count was first started in August 2008. The first agency that started the work was blacklisted as it could not complete the work within the stipulated time. The second agency is assigned to finish the task.\"During the census, each tree is counted and photographed by professionals who have undergone a series of training sessions.The data on age of the tree, girth, height and other details are collected.The data and photographs are fed into an online server and any officer will be able to log in and see area-wise data and photographs.The agency assigned to do tree count, and a private company, are working to make it a transparent system.The Bombay High Court order (dated August 30, 2011) directed the municipal corporation and particularly, the municipal commissioner, to ensure that the census is completed expeditiously and in any event by November 30, 2011.The court in its earlier order (dated April 29, 2011) had stated that the census shall be carried out properly with due enumeration and numbering of trees.Jagtap said the civic body was thinking about numbering the trees in city and the work will be taken up shortly.BOX* The last census, conducted in 1997-98, put the number of trees at 32.88 lakh when the total land area of Pune was 138.38 sq km* In 2008, the tree census was taken up. Total 21.26 lakh trees were counted till 2011. But the census was incomplete. The second agency appointed to complete the job counts 3 lakh trees of more than 200 species from April 10 this year till date.* Thus, the total count of trees so far is more than 24.26 lakh in the city. The count will be completed by December", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918754", "title": "Waste management project moves ahead, corpn begins shortlisting of firms", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai has begun the process of shortlisting firms who will build integrated solid waste management plants. Eighteen firms made their presentations on Friday and Saturday.All the companies dealt with 'waste to energy' models, said a corporation official. \"While some dealt with 100% incineration or burning of waste, others dealt with incinerating only non-recyclable and non degradable waste,\" said a source. Those dealing with partial incineration, proposed setting up gasifiers, and plants that will compost bio-degradable waste and selling off recyclable waste.The corporation officials, consultants Wilbur Smith and a representative from the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board who attended the session, say sources, were satisfied with the pollution control norms followed by the companies.The companies also presented their revenue models. While some said they would require no payment, others quoted small amounts. \"A few said they would generate revenue by recyclable items. Others quoted amounts ranging from Rs 80-300 per tonne of waste,\" said an official.While the committee was satisfied with the technologies, incineration of goods is likely to invite protests from environmental activists. \"The companies said there would be a small amount of residue that could be used for road laying or be completely inert and can be dumped into a landfill,\" said the official.A final tender call is expected to be made by July-end, after which firms will be chosen. Sources say, it is likely to take two years to set up the plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924615", "title": "Traffic hit as vehicles stall on JJ flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: South-bound traffic was affected on Saturday evening due to a major traffic snarl on the JJ flyover, inconveniencing motorists and causing backlogs.\"Two vehicles were stalled on the JJ flyover and it took time to tow them away. Despite moving the vehicles, one lane still remained clogged and this affected traffic movement for a few hours. One of the stalled vehicles was a civic conservancy vehicle on the north-bound arm of the flyover,\" said a police official. \"After the stalled vehicles were towed away, the traffic movement slowly returned to normal.\"The disruption in traffic movement on the JJ flyover caused backlogs right up to Byculla. \"There was no accident or collision between any vehicle on the flyover,\" the official clarified.\"I was headed towards Parel to meet a relative but was stuck on the JJ flyover. It took me half an hour to cross the flyover which otherwise is just a two to three minute drive,\" said IT professional Manish Joshi.By 8.30 pm, the traffic on JJ flyover had improved, the traffic police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14891693", "title": "Kamal Haasan\u2019s next co-star is a 7-year old girl", "text": "The indefatigable 57-year old Kamal Haasan's co-stars are getting younger by the week.If his co-stars in his recent films have ranged within the age-group of 22-35, in his next project which would be his Hollywood debut in the English language produced by Barrie Osborne, Kamal Haasan's co-star is a 7-year old!The hunt is on for a 7-year old American girl who will be cast opposite Kamal Haasan. But you can's apply for the job just because you're 7, female and Caucasian. The little girl would be in almost every frame with the actor. And she has to match his virtuosity.Admits Kamalji, \"It's not just about the girl looking cutely into the camera. She has to be able to act. That's the age at which I started acting, so I know exactly how it feels to be facing the camera when you're that age, so I'll be a very considerate co-star.\"Kamal Haasan describes his Hollywood debut as a study of civilization masquerading as an adventure story. \"There will be lots of activity on the surface and also below the line of visibility. It's actually an idea that I related to Barrie. He immediately liked it. I like the idea of working with a child.\"Interestingly Kamal Haasan's heroine in his new film Vishwaroop is no spring chicken either. Pooja Kumar who plays the lead is 35.Says Kamal Haasan, \"It was meant to be a girl who looks mature and sensible, since she plays a nucleur scientist. Which is why I thought of casting Sonakshi Sinha and Chitrangada Singh . It isn't about age. It's about looking capable and in-charge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14920576", "title": "Kingfisher Airlines woes in Bangalore: 22 cancellations", "text": "BANGALORE: Cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines cutting flights on many routes has upset passengers' travel plans, forcing some of them to pay a premium to be accommodated on other airlines.Kingfisher cancelled 10 departures and 12 arrivals at Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) on Saturday. The airline operated only two departures and two arrivals on Saturday leaving passengers stranded.The airline cancelled 3 flights on the Bangalore-Chennai sector. The airline suspended two flights\u2014 IT 2443 and IT 2741\u2014 on the Bangalore-Mangalore sector. It cancelled 3 flights operating on the Bangalore-Mumbai sector on Saturday.The latest cancellation on this route was IT-114 which was scheduled to depart at 8.40pm, said the BIA website. Some short-haul flights were affected too. IT-2432 operating on the Bangalore-Hubli route scheduled to depart at 10.05am was cancelled. In the last few days, Kingfisher operated seven arrivals and 8 departures on a daily basis at BIA.The airline cancelled 14 arrivals with 4 flights cancelled on the Mumbai-Bangalore sector and equal number of flights in Chennai-Bangalore sector. The latest flight IT-2414 on the Chennai-Bangalore sector was cancelled, according to BIA's website.\"Kingfisher Airlines regrets to announce that certain flights across its network are cancelled for Saturday (July 14) due to a certain section of employees deciding to stay away from duty due to salary payments not being credited to the bank accounts of all employees by Friday (July 13),\" the airline said in its press statement on Saturday.Till November last year, the airline handled 40 departures and 40 arrivals on a daily basis at BIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14944480", "title": "Chris Brown asks wild ex RiRi to cut down on partying", "text": "Chris Brown, who was charged in 2009 for assaulting former girlfriend Rihanna , is reportedly very concerned about her and has asked her to reduce alcohol consumption.The 24-year-old singer let her hair down in Barbados this week and was seen downing beers on the day of her grandmother's funeral and puffing on suspicious-looking cigs while taking a break in the Caribbean this week.A source close to Brown said that the 23-year-old rapper was very concerned that she would end up dead like Amy Winehouse . \"Chris was really, really worried about her when he heard she was up drinking and partying by herself,\" the Daily Star quoted the source as telling HollywoodLife.com. \"So he just wanted to reach out to her and show a little support, you know?\" the source said.The insider added that Brown had texted the Bajan star telling her to \"cut out all that drinking\", but she had not yet replied. The source said that there \"isn't any love lost between them at all.\" \"He's just being a man and being responsible, making sure she's all right,\" the source said.The ' Umbrella ' hitmaker shrugged off her ex's concern as she continued her Caribbean break in Barbados wearing a bikini and mesh t-shirt to ride a rubber tyre tube in the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14915660", "title": "With allies like these...", "text": "The designation of Afghanistan as a major non-Nato ally (MNNA) by the US formalises a long-term American military presence after the planned withdrawal of combat troops at the end of 2014. That the US would not quit lock, stock and barrel from Afghanistan was evident owing to realisations that the Taliban cannot be defeated by indigenous Afghan security forces alone and that a takeover of Kabul by the Taliban had to be averted at all costs.A parallel with Vietnam reveals that within a year of the US withdrawal of forces in 1974, the communists ran over the whole country. The fall of Saigon in April 1975 was rendered inevitable by complete withdrawal of the American military. Should the Obama administration similarly evacuate all American troops from Afghanistan in 2014 after acknowledging the ground reality that the Taliban have effectively defeated them, Kabul would fall in no time.But rather than rejoicing that the Americans are now going to hunker down in Afghanistan as they have done through military bases and visiting forces agreements in other MNNA countries, this is a moment for critical reflection on what went wrong in prosecuting the longest war ever undertaken by the US. Why have the Taliban been so unbeatable despite all the concerted resources invested by the US for more than one decade?The US invasion and occupation of Iraq (2003-2011) was a misguided diversion which stretched the American military machine thin and undid chances of victory in Afghanistan. But the Iraq war began declining in Washington's priority list from late 2008, as a series of \"quiet surges\" or infusion of troops commenced in Afghanistan to make up for lost ground. The Obama administration's \"new strategy\" of waging war at full throttle in Afghanistan is now already three-and-half years old with little to show in terms of defeating the Taliban. Efforts to strengthen the Afghan state's army and police to withstand Taliban guerrilla warfare have yielded limited success. It is inconceivable that US military bases, trainers and equipment under the umbrella of MNNA can cause a turnaround that will rout the Taliban even after 2014.I spoke to a British infantryman from the Scottish regiment who served many years in Helmand and Kandahar about his experiences of fighting the Taliban. He threw up his arms saying, \"those people can never be defeated\", meaning the Afghan people as a whole and not the Taliban per se. MNNA status entails continued American military presence (it would comprise several thousand troops for training and counter-terrorism operations) on Afghan soil, though less ostentatiously. This may come as a relief to President Hamid Karzai, who knows he cannot survive the Taliban without this cushion, and to regional powers fearing a vacuum, but US military bases in unfinished wars are red rags to the bull.Levels of armed hostilities and insurgent violence tend to be high in MNNA countries like the Philippines, where Islamist militants continue to wage a long campaign for separate statehood and are infuriated by US military bases and aid to the government in Manila. The massacre this year of civilians by an American soldier in Panjwai district of Kandahar summarises the anti-occupation psyche of many Afghans, who can be provoked to keep on warring as long as foreign \"infidels\" are occupying their land.Historically, the US military has relied on extremely corrupt and opportunistic strongmen as allies to wage regional wars in Asia. Figures like Syngman Rhee in the Korean conflict and Ngo Dinh Diem in Vietnam were losers in so far as winning public confidence went. Karzai is now cast in the same mould as a politician who lacks a legitimate mass public base and is hated for presiding over a kleptocracy. Washington has tried to curb some of the worst abuses of power by Karzai and his coterie, but to no avail. Saddled with an ally like him, the MNNA status and the US-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership Agreement (SPA) are doomed to fail in achieving their goals.Pakistan too is an MNNA of the US, and it also has proved to be more of a liability than an asset to Washington. Christine Fair revealed recently in Foreign Policy magazine that the US government has frequently been \"this close to bombing them (Pakistan)\" for doggedly sapping American war aims in Afghanistan. With allies like Karzai and the Pakistani army, defeat for the Americans in the AfPak theatre is a writing on the wall.For India, there is no reason to be optimistic just because US forces will remain in Afghanistan under the MNNA rubric. Our strategic objective of a democratic, stable and non-fundamentalist Afghanistan is nowhere close to achievement and could well be undermined further as the Americans settle down for a long armed presence after their formal withdrawal in 2014.The writer is a professor and dean at the Jindal School of International Affairs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "14919570", "title": "GTDC plunges into white water rafting", "text": "CANDOLIM: Adventure sports enthusiasts can now experience different degrees of rough water on a raft in Goa. Following trial runs on the Surla tributary and the Mhadei river two years ago, and after the Goa Forest Development Corporation tested its safety and feasibility aspects, white water rafting is finally set to make a splash in the state.At 1,500 per person, the trips start at Uskem village near Valpoi and end at Sonal village after a 10km ride covered in approximately 90 minutes. Enthusiasts have to report at the starting point at least 30 minutes before the trip begins. The white water rafting, which will continue till October 15, is being conducted by Southern River Adventure Sports Pvt Ltd, based in Dandeli, on behalf of the Goa Tourism Development Corporation (GTDC). Bookings can be done only through GTDC, either directly at one of its residencies or offices, or online.A formal inauguration by chief minister Manohar Parrikar is expected shortly. Southern River Adventure Sports operations manager Mohammed said 20 people can be accommodated on a raft at a time. Five rafts are available. At the moment, two trips per day are planned-the first at 11am and the second at 2pm. The enthusiasts will be provided with rafts, pedals, rafting equipment like jackets, trained guides and light refreshments like water, tea and biscuits at the end of the trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14925381", "title": "Now save the purple frog", "text": "The Western Ghats is a world heritage site now. But real preservation efforts still need to kick in. Can the recognition protect endangered species found only in this patch of green ?Earlier this month when the United Nations declared the Western Ghats a World Heritage site, it stirred huge excitement among naturalists and conservationists. But critically endangered creatures like the nasikabatrachus \u2014 the purple frog that looks rather unglamorous when compared to India's flagship species, the tiger \u2014 are fighting their own battle for survival in the Ghats.The significance of the Western Ghats is very different from any other tourism site in India where crowds flock in packed jeep safaris. It is a region with a potential to discover unknown species and is home to many lesser known, fast-disappearing species like nasikabatrachus, which is believed to have lived with the dinosaurs 300 million years ago. But does the heritage tag ensure adequate cover for the region ? Naturalists and activists working in the Ghats fear that the tag may just remain a fancy inscription on signboards with no power to fight the powerful mining, power and industry lobbies. They say it's completely up to the Indian government to save the Ghats for posterity.Western Ghats is the first global 'cluster' of natural sites to be declared world heritage. Environmentalists believe the government should use this opportunity to set an example for other important biodiversity clusters. \"The first thing that the government of India needs to ensure is connectivity in the Ghats that has been disturbed by mini hydel projects and road projects. Its conservation has to be comparable to other famous sites like the Grand Canyon,\" says Jagdish Krishnaswamy of the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and Environment.Many feel the government campaigned persistently to get the heritage tag for Western Ghats but did hardly anything on the ground to stop habitat fragmentation. Hundreds of mini hydel projects in various hill streams were cleared despite the evidence of its negative impact on water flow. A recent report by the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel exposed how deforestation for timber in catchments areas, river valley projects and plantations had drastically reduced the capacity of hill streams. Mini hydel projects have also led to continuous stretches of rivers drying up irreparably.Most mining leases in Goa are located in and around Wildlife Sanctuaries (WLS) and forest areas. For example, 31 leases are within 2 km of WLS, of which 7 are working mines; 13 leases are within one km of WLS. Over half of the 300-odd mining leases in Goa are located close to water bodies. India's proposal to include 39 sites in the Western Ghats as world heritage was rejected by the World Heritage Committee in its 35th meeting last year. When the proposal for it was submitted again this year, the Indian team managed to convince the committee. But the International Union of Conservation of Nature (IUCN), based on its field evaluation, recommended to the committee to defer declaring the Western Ghats a heritage site.It suggested instead that the Indian government should follow the recommendations made recently by the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) in its report. The report, however, has not been accepted by many state governments because it recommends restriction of infrastructure projects, including mining, in eco-sensitive areas.S D Biju, noted amphibian biologist who discovered the purple frog in Kerala, says the Ghats deserves a special conservation plan. \"The Indian subcontinent's prolonged isolation in its geological history is thought to be responsible for the uniqueness seen in the Western Ghats' biotic assemblages. During the isolation period of this landmass the fauna and flora were believed to have undergone diversification forming life forms unique to the region. The Western Ghats contains a lot of relict species,\" he says, adding that many species in the Ghats may be going extinct even before being discovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940491", "title": "Naveen Patnaik seeks international tag for Biju Patnaik Airport", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday urged Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to declare Biju Patnaik Airport here as an international airport.Pointing out that the new terminal of the airport in Bhubaneswar is nearing completion, Naveen, in a letter to Singh, said: \"I would request you to kindly take the initiative for declaring the Biju Patnaik Airport, Bhubaneswar, as an international airport.\" He also urged Singh to ask airline operators to operate international flights out of or through the airport in Bhubaneswar.Reminding Singh of their meeting on March 9, 2012, wherein the Union minister had asked his ministry officers to prepare a cabinet note for according the international tag to Biju Patnaik Airport, Naveen said the work of new domestic terminal building complex at the airport is likely to be ready in a month or two. \"The new terminal can exclusively handle domestic flights. The existing terminal building, with suitable modifications for handling immigration, custom check, etc., can handle international flights,\" Naveen said in his letter.Seeking early action from Singh, the CM requested that the possibility to connect the state capital with the Middle East, south Asian and southeast Asian countries be explored.On March 9, Singh had assured Naveen his ministry will immediately prepare a note seeking cabinet approval after the latter reiterated Odisha's demand for declaring Biju Patnaik Airport as an international airport at the earliest and demanded required facilities including an international terminal with 24x7 ATC (air traffic control) operations, customs and immigration facilities and security.Naveen had also requested Singh to accord early clearance to airlines interested in operating international flights to and from Bhubaneswar and also for providing necessary infrastructural support to Jharsuguda Airport for enabling domestic airlines to operate from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14947711", "title": "Zarina Wahab to play Ajay's mother in 'Himmatwala'", "text": "Actress Zarina Wahab has been roped in to portray the role of Ajay Devgn's mother in the remake of Jeetendra-starrer Himmatwala.The 52-year-old, who was seen playing Hrithik Roshan's mother in Agneepath , has been in the industry for more than three decades and is a well known face on the small screen.\"I am playing the role of a mother in Sajid Khan's Himmatwala remake. I don't want to work in too many films and serials. I like acting, its my hobby and so I keep juggling between TV and films. This also keeps me busy,\" Wahab told PTI.Jeetendra and Sridevi-starrer Himmatwala was a superhit film of 1983, directed by Telugu filmmaker K Raghvedra. In the original film veteran actress Waheeda Rehman played the role of Jeetendra's mother.Directed by Sajid Khan, the Himmatwala remake will see actor Ajay Devgn take on the role of Jeetendra while the leading lady is not yet finalised.Wahab thinks working on the big screen gives an actor a longer shelf life as compared to small screen.\"Both the mediums are equally tough but on the small screen you are remembered till the time the serial is on air while films have a much higher recall value,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14919417", "title": "Huge response at student passport mela", "text": "TRICHY: The special passport mela for students organized at the Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) in Trichy and Thanjavur saw a huge turnout of students here on Saturday.The mela commenced with an inaugural function attended by Trichy MP P Kumar of the AIADMK and Rajya Sabha MP A Elavarasan of the AIADMK. In the interactive session, Elavarasan motivated the students to serve the nation after pursuing higher education abroad.The regional passport office, Trichy decided to hold such a camp for the first time in this region in order to provide special attention to students applying for higher studies abroad as well as those looking to work in foreign countries. The camp also aimed to help candidates who often lost opportunities on account of their applications getting rejected due to lack of required information or documents.As many as 600 students hailing from the eight districts of Trichy, Karur, Pudukkottai, Ariyalur, Perambalur, Thanjavur, Thiruvarur and Nagappattinam submitted their passport applications. The regional passport office issued 250 and 350 tokens to applicants on a first come first serve basis at the PSKs in Trichy and Thanjavur respectively. Additionally, 50 applicants in Trichy and 150 candidates in Thanjavur were given staggered appointments as they had failed to bring original certificates. Their applications will be processed during the next working days on priority. \"There was a good response from the students and we processed 600 applications received from the region today,\" said K Balamurugan, the regional passport officer (RPO).The mela saw many students pursuing their final-year engineering degree applying for their passports in order to get through their campus interviews. \"We could save the time required for getting an appointment to apply for a passport because of this special camp. This will help us produce the passport in time for the companies during our campus interviews,\" said P Savitha, a final-year engineering student from Thottiyam, Trichy. B Parthiban, another engineering degree student from Trichy was of the view that the special camp helped students get their applications accepted even if there was a small mismatch in their names.However, RPO Balamurugan said \"We are strict to reject applications with a major mismatch in the name, as the students may face consequences in educational institutions abroad if there is any difference in name in the passport and the documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14921325", "title": "Cops tap astrologers to net criminals", "text": "PANCHKULA: When intelligence doesn't seem efficient and clues don't lead to concrete investigation, law and order in the city gets guidance from some of the busy astrologers in Panchkula. Many cops in the township seek help from astrologers when they face trouble in keeping a check on the rising crime.\"They say the new DCP (deputy commissioner of police) is quite strict, which makes their job tough considering the frequent incidents of crime in Panchkula. They ask me astrological solutions to have peace in their area,\" said a Sector 10 based astrologer.Recently, senior cops even decided to hold a havan at Sector-14 police station after numerous crimes were reported in the area. One can spot many Panchkula cops wearing rings and lockets advised by their astrologers. Another Sector 15-based astrologer from Panchkula says, \"Earlier, just three cops used to consult me, but around seven cops come to me now. Their numbers have increased after various suspensions and transfers in the department due to rising crime.\"Some of the cops believe there is an astrological problem behind more crime in their area than in other areas. According to the astrological calculations given to cops by astrologers, Panchkula's moon sign is Kanya (Virgo), which has a \"Sadhesati dosh\" till 2014. The astrologers say that city would witness a rise in criminal activity during this period. The cops have also been told by astrologers that incidents of violence and road accidents will also rise till 2014.\"I never visited an astrologer before as I did not believe in astrology, but when so many of my counter-parts were either suspended or sent to lines, I had to change my mind and consult them,\" says an SHO of a Panchkula police station, adding \"And it is on my astrologer's advise that I have kept a particular plant in my office and have changed the direction of my seat to help me out of tough situations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14943475", "title": "I wasted big part of my life due to drugs, says Elton John", "text": "Sir Elton John has admitted that he \"wasted\" a massive chunk of his life due to drugs and addiction.The 65-year-old singer believes that he was too \"self-absorbed\" to notice that he was destroying a big part of his life during the beginning of the AIDS epidemic in the early 1980s, despite so many of his friends dying around him. \"I wasted such a big part of my life, when this epidemic was beginning to happen in the early 1980s. And I was a drug addict and self-absorbed,\" Contactmusic quoted him as saying.\"You know, I was having people die right, left and centre around me, friends. And yet, I didn't stop the life that I had, which is the terrible thing about addiction. It's that - you know, it's that bad of a disease.\"I was consumed by cocaine, booze, and who knows what else. I apparently never got the memo that the Me generation had ended,\" he said. The singer - who has raised more than 275 million dollars for the Elton John AIDS Foundation - has revealed that he used to think he was \"invincible\" after drinking and taking drugs, and he now believes he's the \"luckiest man in the world\" because he wasn't infected by AIDS when he was younger. \"You know what? When you take a drug and you take a drink and you mix those two together, you think you're invincible. I came out of this HIV-negative. I was the luckiest man in the world,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14917564", "title": "Little hope for Indians lodged in Pakistan jails", "text": "JAISALMER: While the entire country is appealing for the release jailed prisoner Sarabjeet Singh there are over four others from the border areas of Rajasthan who are in jails of Pakistan for over two decades. The release of these 'Sarabjeets' however is not sighted in the near future.They had strayed to Pakistan long before the fence came up along the border in 1993 and were caught but little is known about them thereafter. Their houses here is either ruined or in a pathetic condition. Some of their parents have passed away while in some case their wife have married someone else. The others are somehow maintaining their house.TOI visited the house of these Sarabjeets and found the situation scary but their parents and relatives are hopeful of their return someday.Sahu Ram Meghwal, a resident of Sarupe Ka Tala, Barmer,while picking wood by mistake entered into Pakistan and was caught by Pakistan rangers on May 31,1989. Shocked at the news, Meghwal's wife Lakshmi and daughter Daya died in six months later.His grandfather, grandmother and sister too died.When Meghwal was caught in Pakistan, his son Meghram was eight years old and he can't even recall his father's face now. Meghwal's first letter from prison was received on November 6, 1989 and second letter on February 27, 1990 from the Hyderabad Central Jail in Pakistan. Thereafter there was no news from him.Same is the case with Teela Ram of Beelo ka Tala, Barmer, in Chauhatan who too by mistake entered Pakistan while grazing goats in 1988. Teela Ram's brother Hukma Ram says that he was caught by Pakistan rangers. First Teela Ram was in the Amarkot jail in Pakistan and had fallen ill. But therafater a long time passed by and there has been no news about him.Jamaluddin, a resident of Bandha village in Ramgarh area in Jaisalmer too strayed into Pakistan while grazing cattle in 1986 and was caught by the security forces. His last letter was received in 1990 from Karachi jail but after that there has been no news about him.Says Hasam Khan, son of Jamaluddin, that last year during the chief minister Ashok Gehlot's visit he had requested for action to be intiated for his father's release. But nothing much has happened since then. I am worried about my father's condition as I donot know anythign about him since the past 18 years,\"says Hasam Khan.Same is the situation is of Bhagu Singh of Dhanau village in Barmer. He too by mistake got into Pakistan border in 1986 and the rangers caught him and since then he is Pakistan jail. His wife Lakshmi Devi has till now not lost courage and is struggling to raise her four kids. She has got her two daughters and sons married But there is no no news about Bhagu Singh.When contacted Harish Choudhary, Congress MP from Jaisalmer-Barmer, says I have been trying for quite some time to do something about them. I have raised the issue two-three times in the Lok Sabha and have spoken to the Prime Minister as well as the External Affairs Minister. But here is no information on them nor does anyone know their whereabouts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "tucked away among the shops selling textbooks (\" ias tutorials on usb drives", "code": "14923975", "title": "Vinyl allure", "text": "Tucked away among the shops selling textbooks (\" IAS tutorials on USB Drives: With free USB\" ), jewellers and medicine shops, opposite the Balaji temple on bustling Avenue Road, is a small store that seems to specialise in bronze statuettes of Ganesha and Krishna. You might be forgiven for assuming it to be just another shop selling trinkets for the lost tourist, but Seetha phone Company (Since 1924) also sells gramophones and records. If you ask for turntables, or LPs for that matter, the shop assistant will take out a long steel key and lead you through a warren of side streets and up a dingy staircase to a small second-floor room. The room is packed with old LP records and players. \"We sell hundreds of LPs, we have customers coming from Tamil Nadu, Andhra and Kerala as well, all making bulk purchases ,\" he says.Vinyl is back. Worldwide. For a medium that was written off 20 years ago \u2014 \"End of track\", The Economist mourned in 1991\u2014 LP records have begun to see a resurgence. Sales of vinyl almost doubled in the US in 2009, and have been bucking the music industry's downward slump, growing by 14% last year when overall album sales dropped 13%.\"I got hooked on to vinyl about five years ago,\" says Adrian Cooke, a 38-year-old Bangalorean who handles Levi Strauss' retail operations. \"It was at my friend's place. He had a Garrard 401 LP player and I was struck by the depth and clarity of the sound. I decided to get myself a turntable and picked up Garrard Zero 100 player for Rs 2000 at Lingarajapuram. Since then I've been collecting LPs,\" he says. You get exposed to a lot of new music through LPs, feels Cooke: \"I started off by collecting country music and rock and then moved on to jazz.\"Vazir Alli Minhaz is the proprietor of Habitat, a shop on Church Street that sells vinyl. Habitat initially started out as a gift shop and diversified into video cassettes and CDs, echoing Minhaz's interests. \"Habitat always targeted a niche market, one that reflected my tastes,\" he says. Minhaz started selling vinyl last year. \"I've been collecting vinyl since I was 16; I'm 64 now,\" he smiles. \"After a point, I realised that I had many records that did not bear up on repeated listening and it was in an attempt to prune my collection that Habitat started selling vinyl,\" he says.The collectors' instinct drives several vinyl aficionados. Suresh Ramabhadran is a senior executive with a software company who has been collecting vinyl for nearly seven years. \"My obsession with vinyl started when my father brought home a Philips turntable when I was seven. The first record I listened to was MS Subbulakshmi singing Bhaja Govindam \u2014 the one with a spoken introduction by Rajaji. The 70s and early 80s were a wonderful time for Carnatic music vinyl lovers. The advent of CDs and MP3s changed that, but there is nothing that equals the pleasure of finding a rare Semmangudi Srinivasa Iyer performance backed by L Shankar and Palghat Mani in the dusty stacks of a second-hand record store.\"\"I spend one day every week going around Bangalore, looking for vinyl,\" says Jonathan Freer, a 28-year-old Bangalorean . Jonathan's affair with vinyl started when he found his father's old turntable languishing in an attic. He refurbished it and now has more than 500 albums.\"More than 50% of my records have were bought secondhand. It takes time to tell a good secondhand record from a bad one \u2014 I made a lot of mistakes buying scratched or warped records initially, but now, I just have to take a look and handle a record and I can tell if it is good,\" he says. \"I used to collect cassettes and CDs, and friends would always borrow and seldom return them. I don't have that problem with vinyl,\" he says, smiling.According to Minhaz, the vinyl market is not large, but its fans are dedicated. \"Some of them are tired of just downloading music. There are others who buy records without having turntables. Some of them buy records as an investment. And then you have the collectors.\"But vinyl collection is not cheap. \"I spend anything between Rs 4000 and Rs 10,000 every month, and I'm permanently broke,\" laughs Freer. Cooke says that a good condition Garrard turntable can cost anywhere between Rs 60,000 and Rs 1 lakh. \"I started off with a Philips 312 turntable, like my father's . Now I have four of them,\" says Sridhar.Record companies and retail stores have noticed. Lijin Varghese, head of marketing at Landmark, says that the chain started stocking vinyl after the record companies began imports last year. Since then, Landmark has seen a small but steady demand for vinyl. \"Its usually classic rock or classical music that sells best. And our customers come to us with requests for specific albums which we then import.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14925926", "title": "A time to detoxify the mind and body", "text": "For Sumeeth R, reading Ramayanam helps de-stress, while for Arvind Menon, the month of Karkidakam is the time of nostalgia and reminiscence.The vavu bali in Karkidakam is not an alien ritual for today's youngsters. Imbibing the spirit and in consonance with nature, they too follow this rite in a manner best suited for their lifestyle.\"In what little time I get during my work, I read Ramayanam. The new Ramayanam App supports me in this, and helps me de-stress,\" said the 28-year-old Sumeeth, who is aware of the importance of reading Ramayanam in this 'panja masam'.Arvind Menon, a techie from Thiruvananthapuram, has a nostalgic take on the Malayalam month that starts on Monday. \"I like to hear Ramayanam on my MP3 at this time of the year as it reminds me of my grandmother who used to read the scripture every evening in Karkidakam.\"Atma Chaitanya, a preacher at Ernakulam Chinmaya Mission, believes commercialization has in a way helped the young to know more about their traditions. \"You see advertisements about Karkidaka kanji, and out of curiosity at least the young tend to read more on it. Only a small percentage may be interested, but that is still a positive change from three-four years ago,\" he observed.The health-and-fitness fad among the young has also added to the glamour quotient of the Karkidakam way of life. Many health conscious youngsters detoxify their body and mind at this time of the year.\"All through the year you eat junk food. But during the monsoon, it's good to give your body some rest. It just seems like the right thing to do. I have been following this tradition from when I can remember, and eat my share of Karkidaka kanji made at home. I have never had any fever or any monsoon-related ailments,\" said Gayathri Krishna, a 19-year-old from Kochi.For 30-year-old Leena Baby, the ayurveda treatment offers that come up during this time is a catch. \"Just like the end-ofthe-season sale in clothing brands, this is the best time for ayurvedic massages,\" said the IT consultant based in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14942557", "title": "Conventional courses on decline", "text": "GUWAHATI: The number of students opting for conventional courses like Bachelor of Science is declining as more professional and technical courses are coming up these days. Altogether 1,997 students appeared for the Bachelor of Science part three examination this year as compared to the 2,130 students last year.The results of the BSc part three examination, which came out in the first week of July, had a pass percentage of 83.88 and out of 1,997 candidates, 1,675 cleared the examination. In 2011, 1,754 out of the 2,130 successfully cleared the examination.Some academicians and professors opined that the decline in the number of students opting for conventional courses can be attributed to the fact that these courses offer little in terms of employment opportunities.In 2007, the number of candidates appearing for the examination was 2,159, in 2008, there was a slight increase as 2,375 took the exam and in 2009, the number was 2,270. In view of the increasing competition in the job market and to score an edge over others, the students have increasingly been joining private institutions or opting for engineering or medical courses.\"Prior to 2007, the number of students opting for BSc was around three thousand, but there has seen a drastic change since then. There are a number of social factors involved as well like the aspirations of students, which have undergone a tremendous change. With new engineering and technical institutions coming up, it has become easier for students to look for other alternatives. The conventional courses, according to students, provide no productivity,\" said NK Deka, principal of Lalit Chandra Bharali College.With 375 seats available for BSc students in Cotton College, it is the most sought after institution in the region. However, the high cutoff rates generally compel students to enroll in other private institutions at higher cost but with better placement opportunities.\"Students opt for multi-disciplinary courses because it becomes easier for them to get job in the private sector. There is a lack of such courses at governmental colleges. Conventional degree courses also do not guarantee jobs. Remedial aspects like effective career counselling cell, proper coaching of other subjects besides the conventional lot, introduction of multi-disciplinary subjects, effective research-related courses and others can be looked upon to improve the conventional courses,\" said Nirada Devi, principal of Cotton College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14941151", "title": "Why is Odisha saying no to pepper spray?", "text": "Martial arts is a more convincing self-defense tool, say girls with safety concerns.Whenever there is a crime against women, there is no dearth of stories about how women ought to reach out to their pepper spray cans before they press the panic button. Surprisingly, Odisha doesn't yet believe in the merit of pepper sprays or OC sprays as they are called. Not too many know about pepper sprays or else, they would know that pepper spray, OC gas and capsicum spray, is a chemical compound that irritates the eyes to cause tears, pain, and even temporary blindness. It is used in policing, riot control, crowd control and personal self-defence, including defense against dogs and bear the world over. The few who do know about it don't manage to use them because these are hardly available in Odisha. In such a scenario, they'd rather be trained in martial arts instead.At a time when the whole nation watched with horror how a Class XI girl was stripped and molested by 20 guys in Guwahati, the question also doing the rounds was whether this girl would have been in a better position to protect herself from the 20 subhumans had she been trained in martial arts or had a spray can on her. Rana Singh, the owner of India's first pepper spray can production company, informs, \"The IT companies in Odisha buy pepper sprays for their security purposes. But we get very few individual orders from Odisha. Perhaps, people find Odisha to be a safe state and the awareness about these sprays is less.\" Rana admits that a spray might not be able to ward off 20 guys but it will give confidence to a person to fight back.Says Ankita Behera, a 21-year-old student of Utkal University, \"Though I'm well-aware about the spray cans, I haven't been able to get one in Bhubaneswar. A pepper spray is a must for women like us.\"Ankita may take a suggestion from Shakti Mishra, a 25-year-old guy who bought a pepper spray can online for his lady friend. \"Though Bhubaneswar is more or less a safe city, I still suggest that girls ought to buy them. They will come very handy for them,\" Shakti says.However, Priyanka N.H., a medical student, believes that carrying a spray can is too cosmetic a means of protection from hooligans. Instead, she decided to learn karate. \"Under dire circumstances, you actually don't have enough time to take out a can from your bag and spray it on men. So, I preferred to learn karate to protect myself. Martial arts gives me the confidence to fight with any kind of odd situation. I wouldn't feel the need to carry a pepper spray can on me since I feel strong enough to deal with perverts,\" says Priyanka.There are many like Priyanka who are opting for martial arts classes. Says Gitanjali Panda, a popular judo coach in Bhubaneswar, \"In a country where modesty of women is often being violated, a girl definitely needs to know the self-defense tactics. Though I am well-aware of the pepper spray cans, I don't think they are available in Bhubaneswar. I would rather suggest that girls go for martial arts training that will make them mentally strong.\"Her opinions are echoed by other martial arts teachers in the city. According to Sagarika Das, a martial arts trainer who teaches in several schools in Bhubaneswar, learning martial arts ought to be made mandatory for Odia girls, especially with the increasing number of molestation cases. \"A girl can possess a pepper spray can but she needs to have enough courage to spray it on the face of her attacker. Martial arts gives you that courage. That's why I have decided to learn karate when I was in Class XI. Now, I hold a black belt,\" Sagarika says.Soumya Ranjan Das, the vice-president of a city karate school, says most of the students in his classes are girls. \"Among my students, girls are enthusiastic learners. They usually learn it for self-defense purposes,\" he informs.Whether it's learning martial arts or being aware of the usefulness of spray cans, seems like Odisha girls are getting themselves prepared. They should since nobody wants another Guwahati case in our city!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14939750", "title": "Cyrus Sahukar &amp; Manish Paul promote India\u2019s Got Talent", "text": "Funnyman Cyrus Sahukar was in Kolkata to promote the latest series of \"India's Got Talent\" to be aired on Colors, along with cohost Manish Paul. Chilling at a city fivestar, Cyrus seemed really impressed with the untold talent that India has got.\"It's not that people are picking up new things just to be featured on our show, we highlight people who have been practising certain arts for years,\" said Cyrus. He had been all over the country seeking talent for his show and expected nothing but the best from the City of Joy. \"I expect a lot of singing and dancing talent from this culturally enriched city,\" he said. Buddy Manish Paul felt, \"The best part is that I don't need a script for anchoring. It comes naturally to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947678", "title": "Rahul Dravid to kick off Mysore Zoo youth club activities on Sunday", "text": "MYSORE: Cricketer Rahul Dravid will inaugurate the 20th youth club activities of Mysore zoo at its premises on Sunday.The zoo has turned out to be a learning centre in the past two decades. The zoo reaches out to 30,000 people through various education programmes, thereby creating awareness about environ- mental conservation.This season, the zoo enrolled 60 students in the age group of 12 to 18 years for the club activities. Classes will be held every Sunday between 9.30 am and 1.30 pm for 25 weeks, starting July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "baddi", "code": "14921486", "title": "Ensure corruption-free society: Kalam", "text": "BADDI: At the launch of HP chapter of \"What Can I Give Mission\", on Saturday, former President Dr A P J Abdul Kalam was greeted by the students and staff of Baddi University, with great pride.Dr A P J Abdul Kalam's organization, \"What Can I Give Mission\" (WCIG) is a unique initiative to inculcate the universal spirit of giving in the youth and bring about an attitude change from \"What Can I Take\" to \"What Can I give\".Kalam addressed the youth and exhorted them to enrich themselves with knowledge, create great ideas which help in development of the nation, be a part of the national development by planting trees and ensuring corruption free society with their work.\"It was the best day of my life as I met my idol, Dr Kalam, and shared my thoughts with him,\" said Shivam Sharma, a student of GMSSS -16.\"This was once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for children to hear Dr Kalam's thoughts in person,\" said Gaurav Jhunjhunwala secretary, BUEST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14942213", "title": "Odia community meet aims for cultural growth", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Scores of members of the Odia community from five states will converge here on Sunday to resolve multiple issues confronting the educational and cultural growth of the community. The Oriya Sammelani, the apex body of the community that has traditionally been pivotal in fighting for the Odia cause, has called its national convention on July 15.The daylong session shall witness discussion, deliberation and subsequent conclusion of a roadmap to address the problems obstructing the socio-cultural growth of the community.\"Along with host Jharkhand , delegates from Andhra Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , West Bengal and Odisha will take part in the convention,\" said T C Mohanty, general secretary of the city-based Utkal Association which is hosting the event. Mohanty said in several states the Odia educational infrastructure was in doldrums owing to which students pursuing education in the Odia medium were facing acute problems.\"The school building are in rundown condition, teachers are not adequately appointed and in several cases books in Odia language are missing ,\" Mohanty said, adding that the proposed conclave will work out resolution on ways and means to impress upon the state and private agencies to cooperate with the community in promoting unhindered spread of the regional language.Culture is the other important subject that will be dealt with by the delegates thoroughly during the session.Adequate attention will be paid to revive the diminishing moral beliefs and ethics that were once the corner stone of the Odia culture. The other important task on the agenda is to enlighten young delegates about the reasons why Odia culture has always charmed the tourists and the students of the cultural history, since centuries.\"How we can hold on to our appealing culture amid the increasing assault of the western culture through various modes of modern dissemination techniques will be underscored during the meeting,\" said a member of the outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14925015", "title": "Tak dug pit in January, told victims it was for water tank", "text": "MUMBAI: Parvez Ahmed Tak (32), the main accused in the murders of Laila Khan and her family, told police that he had dug the pit to dump their bodies at the end of January 2011 and had told his victims it was for an underground water tank.Tak claimed that after trying hard to convince his wife Saleena to leave her un-Islamic life and watching things going out of his hands, he chalked out a plan to kill the family with his accomplice Shakir Hussain. In a 12-page statement, Tak said that he first convinced Saleena that there was a water shortage in the Igatpuri farmhouse and it was essential to have an underground water tank in the compound. Saleena gave him Rs 50,000 for an extra water pipe connection and to build a water tank. In January, Tak got two labourers from a nearby village to dig an 8x8x6 pit and even bought stones tiles saying they were for the tank.Tak said he decided to bring all family members under one roof as it would be easier to kill them. \"Laila was too busy in Mumbai and hardly came to Igatpuri. It was not possible for us to do anything at the Oshiwara flat, so we chose Igatpuri, a silent place, where there is not a soul around. \"Tak said Saleena and Laila's cousin Reshma arrived at Igatpuri on February 2 last year, but he waited for Laila and the others to join. Tak had told them that they should have a family get-together or farewell before they left for Dubai,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police.Finally on February 7, Tak, Saleena and Tuli drove back to Oshiwara to get the rest. However, he saw Asif at the flat which unnerved him as he felt if Asif too went to Igatpuri it would be difficult to execute his plan. Hence he told Saleena to stay back for a day and let Laila go ahead with her siblings. Once Asif left for his home, Saleena, Tak and Reshma went to Igatpuri on February 8, where they partied late into the night.Around 1.30am, Saleena was in her first-floor bedroom when Tak started a fight with her over the property and hit her on the head with an iron rod which he had kept ready. Imran and Zara, who rushed in on hearing their mother's cries, were killed next. Later, Tak and Shakir killed Laila, Asmina and Reshma.Tak said when he checked their pulses by 3 am, all of them were dead. Along with Shakir, he dumped the bodies in the pit, threw in all the blood-soaked mattresses and covered them with tiles before filling up the pit. He also threw the murder weapon and mobile phone SIMs in the pit. Police said while removing the skeletons from the pit on Tuesday, they had found blood-soaked mattresses and beddings, raising suspicions that some of the victims may have been killed in their sleep in their respective bedrooms", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14916620", "title": "AIFF, clubs locked in a battle again", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Football Federation is headed for another showdown with the clubs after almost all of them refused to release players beyond two weeks for the Nehru Cup preparatory camp. Influential I-League clubs have written separate letters to the AIFF that there would be no change in their earlier stance taken after the formation of the I-League Professional Football Clubs Association on June 16.\"We will only release players according to FIFA guidelines,\" the clubs said in separate letters.The \"FIFA guidelines\" behind whom the clubs have been taking cover means all of them will release players only 14 days prior to India's opener in the Nehru Cup to be played in Delhi. The problem is National coach Wim Koevermans has summoned 37 probables for national duty on July 27, which is almost a month prior to the first match expected to be on August 25.The clubs said, according to FIFA's release of players for national association representative matches in accordance with the Coordinated International Match Calendar, \"if a player is called up, he must be released to play in the final competition organised by FIFA or a confederation and held in a period fixed/set in the calendar. In this event, the period of release shall be 14 days.\"IPFCA president and Salgaocar secretary RAJ Gomes confirmed the clubs had decided not to release players beyond 14 days for the Nehru Cup but said much will depend on what stand AIFF takes at an expected meeting later this month. \"We do not want a confrontation. We have always maintained that the association has been formed for the betterment of Indian football,\" said Gomes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917181", "title": "Scores try their luck for TOI junior editors' panel", "text": "KOLKATA: Budding young minds, More than 100 school students, aged between 14 to 18 years, thronged to gathered at Shri Shikshayatan School on Saturday morning to participate in an for an essay-writing competition under Kolkata for Kids campaign initiated by The Times of India. More than a 100 students from schools across the city were asked to pen down their thoughts on the topic 'Are networking sites ruling our lives?' in just 200 words and in an hour's time.Seventeen-year-old Saurya Sengupta, a Class-XII student at La Martiniere for Boys, felt that networking sites are ruling our lives in a bigger way and often moulds the way people think. \"People post emotions in the form of smileys on various websites. It is strange how we convey our state of mind on these networking sites. Majority of the people are better aware of these sites which help them get a better understanding of the world nowadays through these networking sites,\" said Saurya.Nikhita Gupta of Shri Shikshayatan School, on the other hand, thought thinks that social networking sites are a good platform to learn things and be updated. \"How one uses networking sites depends on individuals. They can make it a knowledgeable experience or just a wasteful addiction,\" said Nikhita, who is ecstatic to participate in the essay competition.\"This is the first time I have taken part in an event like this. If I win and clear the group discussion, I will be delighted as it will give me an opportunity to work in the TOI newsroom for a day,\" added a beaming Nikhita.On the contrary, Manisha Gupta of Modern High School for Girls believes that people are mere puppets on networking sites. \"We spend hours on social networking when we can actually do something productive. People need to be conscious of their behaviour,\" said Manisha, who wants to be a journalist and sees the opportunity to be in the TOI newsroom as a stepping stone towards realising her dream.The winning students will get a chance to be a part of a group discussion. Those shortlisted group of students will finally be selected to work closely with the TOI editorial team and bring out a special Independence Day edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941193", "title": "Bihar panel seeks Munda help for Koel river project", "text": "RANCHI: A delegation of MPs and MLAs from Bihar met chief minister Arjun Munda and his deputy Sudesh Kumar Mahato on Saturday seeking help to identify plot for planting trees in the state, without which barrage construction work on Koel River will not make progress.Lok Sabha MP from Bihar, Sushil Kumar Singh said the Union government has stopped construction of a gate on Kutku dam, a part of North Koel Irrigation Project, because it will inundate about 4,200 hectares of forest area. The Centre has informed Bihar and Jharkhand government that it cannot allow putting up of a steel gate on Kutku dam till the two governments are able to provide a land for tree plantation. Recently a delegation from Bihar had met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and he has also supported the ministry's decision.The proposed barrage will irrigate about 1.25 lakh hectare in Bihar and Jharkhand. It will also generate 25 megawatt hydel power. Of this, 1.25 lakh hectare, around 86 per cent of the land, falls in Bihar and remaining 14 per cent in Jharkhand. However, Jharkhand will have complete right on the hydel power generated from the project.\"We discussed the matter with chief minister and his deputy and both of them responded positively. Since the dam falls in Jharkhand they agreed to identify suitable plot in the larger interest of farmers of both the states,\" said Singh after the meeting.\"The CM was of the opinion that, in case the two state governments fail to identify land for tree plantation they should jointly approach the Centre for relaxation. Similar cases were witnessed in Chattisgarh, where Centre gave relaxation in case of a mining project,\" said Singh.Assuring the delegation of all possible help, Munda said Jharkhand government will take up the matter with Centre. \"The MPs of constituencies which will be covered under the project, from both states, should also raise the issue at various forums and create pressure on Centre in the interest of farmers,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914960", "title": "Apex court stay on All India Council for Technical Education's new regulations to continue", "text": "PUNE: The AICTE-approved postgraduate diploma in management (PGDM) institutes will continue to be at liberty to admit students on the basis of the five nationally recognised entrance tests or the entrance exam conducted by the state government, for academic year (AY) 2013-14.This follows an order, passed on July 10 by the Supreme Court bench of Justices R M Lodha and Anil R Dave, continuing the stay on the All India Council for Technical Education's (AICTE) new regulations for PGDM institutions, for one more year. The stay was earlier applicable to only PGDM admissions for AY 2011-12 and 2012-13.Among other things, the new regulations, which were notified in December 2010, had restricted admissions to PGDM institutes only through CAT, MAT or the entrance test conducted by the state government, thus eliminating other nationally recognised exams like XAT, ATMA and JMET.A bunch of writ petitions were filed against the AICTE's new regulations in the apex court by Educational Promotion Society of India; Prabir Pal for Association of Indian Management Schools; Jaipuria management institute; Excel Institute and the Consortium of Management Education, among others. The petitioners argued that the regulations were encroaching upon their right to effect admissions and decide fees.The JMET, which was being conducted by the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), has since been discontinued in favour of the Common Management Aptitude Test (CMAT), introduced by the AICTE. The maiden CMAT was held in February this year. Nearly 300 AICTE-approved PGDM institutes across the country have preferred against being a part of the CMAT.In its latest order, the apex court bench has stated, \"The interim order passed by this court initially on March 17, 2011; modified by the subsequent order of July 26, 2011; and reiterated on March 1 in respect of admissions for PGDM 2012-13 - shall also govern PGDM admissions for the year 2013-14.\"The court also gave four weeks time, effective from July 10, to the PGDM institutes to submit a declaration to the AICTE and the respective state government, disclosing the sources from which they will be drawing the students and the percentages, if any, earmarked for such source. \"In default, the court's order shall not be applicable to the defaulter institutions,\" the order stated.On March 17, 2011, the then apex court bench of Justices R V Raveendran and A K Patnaik had also stated, with reference to other issues raised by the petitioners, that the PGDM institutions will be entitled to charge the fees that is determined by them, subject to the fee structure being notified to the AICTE and the state governments in advance.The court stayed the provision under the AICTE new regulations that called for inclusion of five AICTE and state government nominees on the board of governors (BoGs) of the PGDM institutes. Though, the court stated that the BoGs of each institute shall have two invitees, one each from AICTE and state government. The provision of prohibiting part-time PGDM/MBA courses was kept in abeyance by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "14937031", "title": "Police remand for Jodhpur court shootout accused in police remand", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Manish Bishnoi, a gang member, who helped Kailash Jakhar, a key accused in the sensational Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, escape from Rajasthan high court, has been sent to four days' police remand in Anand.Anand Local Crime Branch (LCB) sleuths, who have the custody of Bishnoi, informed mediapersons on Saturday that a local court has granted remand of the accused till July 18.Manish was part of the gang that opened fire on police escort when Kailash was taken for hearing in the Jodhpur court on June 14. Jakhar, who had escaped from HC premises after armed assailants opened fire to help him flee, was arrested on July 2. Manish was arrested near Gundri checkpost near Gujarat-Rajasthan border on Friday even as his accomplice Omprakash Bishnoi managed toescaped.Banaskantha police arrested Manish when the duo was travelling in a Bolero car to Rajasthan when the vehicle was stopped for checking. The accused is presently under police custody in Anand for looting the Bolero car. Manish and Omprakash, posing as passengers, had taken a lift in the car, a pick up van, from Atul Chowkdi in south Gujarat to reach Ahmedabad.Later, they threatened car driver Chandrabhan Sinh Jat , a native of Agra, and threw him out of the car when they reached near Vasad late on Thursday. Jat, who was supposed to deliver the new car to a client in Ahmedabad, had approached Anand police complaining about the loot.Anand police alerted Banaskantha police about the incident as most of the accused in loot cases flee towards Rajasthan after such crimes. When the duo noticed police at Gujarat-Rajasthan border, Omprakash jumped out of the car and fled, but Manish was arrested.\"We have informed Rajasthan police about Manish's arrestin the loot incident. We are yet to establish the motive behind the loot of the car (whether the accused were planning to sell it off or wanted to use the vehicle for other crimes),\" an LCB official told TOI, adding that Rajasthan police will seek a transfer warrant to get Manish's custody. A team from Rajasthan police are expected to reach Anand on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14919762", "title": "New observer seeks to rejuvenate NCP", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) who's candidates failed to win a single seat in the assembly, is seeking to regain the faith of the people, said NCP leader Avinash Bhonsle.The party's newly appointed central observer Sandesh Kondvilkar met with party workers today and sought suggestions to rejuvenate the party. Kondvilkar replaces the earlier NCP observer Bharatee Chavan who had a controversial stint particularly before the assembly elections. Kondvilkar is the general secretary of the Nationalist Congress Party, Maharashtra, and is associated with several bodies.Addressing the members, Kondvilkar said, \"Let's not indulge in a blame game for the party's debacle in the last assembly elections.\" He urged party men not to feel dejected by the people's verdict. \"It is important that we move ahead and for this, we need to strengthen the party base right from the grassroot level,\" he said.He stated that he would be visiting party units at the grass root level and appealed to the members not to lose focus. Kondvilkar also said that it's the responsibility of the party which is part of the UPA to take up people's issues in the state.The general body meeting of the state executive committee of the NCP, along with its frontal organization, cell and the district committee, block presidents and prominent NCP workers is scheduled to be held in the morning on July 15.Bhonsle said NCP supremo Sharad Pawar had entrusted Kondvilkar the task of restructuring and rejuvenating the party in the state. He will present a report to Pawar on his return. Bhonsle said the party was looking to begin its process of reaching out to the people in view of the 2014 Lok Sabha polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918775", "title": "Ishrat Jahan probe fractured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior IPS officer Satish Verma suffered a hip fracture and was admitted in the Sterling Hospital on Saturday. He underwent an operation later in the evening.It was only on Friday that the Gujarat high court directed the state government to spare Verma's services to assist the CBI in the Ishrat Jahan encounter probe. He was to report for the task on Monday, but he slipped in the bathroom on Friday night and was hospitalized on next morning. He is reported to have suffered a severe fracture of femur bone in the left hip joint. The attending orthopedic surgeon Dr Rikin Shah said that the hip joint fracture is a major fracture and recovery takes a considerable time.This would obviously result in further delay in the encounter probe. As after grappling in the dark for more than six months, the new probe team -- CBI requested the state government to extend assistance by the former Special Investigation Team (SIT) member. The government did not take any decision for a more than a month, since it never wanted an aggressive probe as conducted by Verma in the past.With Verma's sustaining injury, it is to be seen what happens to the investigation. In this eight-year-old case, two SITs investigated and the preliminary investigations lasted for nearly two years, mired by all type of controversies including the lengthy legal battle on inquiry report by judicial magistrate, S P Tamang.Tamag's preliminary conclusions almost shelved an inquiry set up by justice K S Jhaveri, who sent the Tamang report in abeyance in 2009. The new SIT's internal differences prolonged the inquiry again. It was Verma who came up in January 2011 with a conclusion that the 2004 encounter was fake, but the differences among the SIT members dragged the inquiry till December last year.It was on December 1 last year that a bench of justices Jayant Patel and Abhilasha Kumari transferred the probe to the CBI. However, no development seems to have taken place in the matter, at least nothing has been placed before the court till date by the CBI. With inclusion of Verma, the probe was expected to be expedited, but his injury may drag it further.Ishrat and three others were shot dead on June 15, 2004 by the city crime branch sleuths near Kotarpur waterworks. After the killing, they were dubbed as Lashkar-e-Taiba operative out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi for the 2002 riots reprisal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916891", "title": "Corruption marring revenue department's efforts", "text": "NAGPUR: Revenue department has launched a host of online projects but this has not helped citizens in obtaining documents without hassles due to rampant corruption prevalent in the department. Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat informed the media on Saturday about more such projects but went on back foot when he was pointed out the reality.On the positive side, a major decision has been taken whereby any student who is born in Maharashtra and can furnish proof that he has completed his education up to SSC in the state will not need a domicile certificate.Already, the revenue department provides many documents using information technology. However, most people have to obtain them through touts. Moreover, some services that had facilitated issuance of documents were scrapped arbitrarily. In 2006, a project was started in Nagpur wherein as soon as a sale deed was registered, it automatically entered the records of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) property tax department and City Survey. However, this project was scrapped a year later even though it had received an award from state government.Thorat, however, claimed that the projects had received a massive response from citizens. \"We have launched zero pendency mission from August 1. All cases of 7/12 land extract will be cleared within seven days. Moreover, officials have been asked to update 7/12 land extracts every month. Ferfar Adalats will be held on last Tuesday of every month to expedite this process. The officers concerned will have to attend these Adalats. Nagpur collector has cleared 1,400 cases.\"The minister said that massive drive was underway to provide all documents issued by revenue department online. \"In Mulshi taluka, we have successfully completed a project in which online mutation was done within 15 days unless any objection was received.\"He also said that e-auction of sand ghats, satellite survey of land plots, and several other processes using IT were being done. \"Touch-screen kiosks would be set up in every tehsil office to create awareness in this regard.\"From lease holders to ownersOver 12,000 farmers in Nagpur division have become the real owners of their land as their categorization has been changed from lease holder to owner on payment of a stipulated amount. In urban areas of Vidarbha, of the 25,929 nazul plots, scrutiny of 16,848 had been completed.Thorat said that since January, when the decision was taken, revenue department had received 85,530 applications from farmers of which 63,263 were scrutinized and 56,336 were deemed to be eligible. Orders on 12,951 cases had already been passed wherein 21,852 hectares had become owned property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14921108", "title": "Carjacked, looted in Chandigarh", "text": "PANCHKULA: A Chandigarh resident was carjacked, stabbed, robbed and left in his locked car in a remote part of Panchkula on Saturday evening. He was rescued hours later when some people out on a post-dinner stroll heard his cries for help.The victim, Ajay Tanwar, an employee of a garment firm in Sector 20 of Chandigarh, was going for some work when he was stopped by a group of men in police uniform near sectors 27/28 intersection at 4pm. They forcibly got into Tanwar's sedan on the pretext of checking registration certificate (RC) of the vehicle.The miscreants attacked Tanwar with a knife, but he fought them off, and sustained stab injuries in the process. The carjackers then made him unconscious with the help of an anaesthetic and robbed him of his cellphone, wallet and other valuables, before leaving him in his car in Sector 28 of Panchkula, near the sewerage treatment plant. Tanwar is a resident of Sector 30, Chandigarh.His family said he was carrying lakhs of rupees. \"In fact, Tanwar had left office for some work when he was stopped by the youths posing as cops. They asked him about his RC and got into his car. They tried to stab him too, but he put out his hand to block the attack, and injured it,'' said Chandimandir police station SHO Ramesh Chand. Tanwar's six-hour ordeal finally ended at 10pm when some passersby spotted his car and informed the police. He was rushed to Panchkula's general hospital, and then referred to PGI. A case has been registered at Chandimandir police station. \"We are coordinating with Chandigarh police because a missing report was earlier lodged in UT,'' added Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915488", "title": "Explosives Act set for amendment on the cards", "text": "KOCHI: The country will soon have an enforcement regime to prevent explosives and chemicals from falling into wrong hands. Top priority is to install an interface that ensures better co-ordination among various agencies that handle explosives' manufacturing sales and distribution.The first draft of the system, which would be promulgated through an amendment of the Explosives Act, was discussed and adopted at a meeting of senior officers of police and intelligence bureau held here on Saturday.\"India is the only country where explosives made under government licence are used for anti-national activities. The first aim is to insulate the system with a view to prevent diversion of explosives,'' a senior police officer, who is also a member of the committee formed by the Union government for the purpose, told STOI.The committee, headed by DGP Jacob Punnoose, exposed gaping holes in the system through which tonnes of explosive materials fall into wrong hands giving the law the slip.The Act mainly deals only with the safety aspects of handling and storing explosive chemicals. There is huge confusion governing the system now. Though individual agencies play their role effectively in the respective niche zones (like director general of mines verifying use of explosives in major quarries, etc.), there is little co-ordinated effort.The attempt of the panel is to suggest a new system that brings various agencies monitoring different aspects of explosives' transaction together, Punnoose told STOI.\"The draft being prepared by the committee will seal all existing loopholes in the Act. The committee will submit its draft before the Union government by August,\" sources said.The committee observed that many of the agencies are short-staffed and were armed with century-old law. The manpower and legal aspects that govern them today were framed at a time when there were only 14 magazines (or licensed retailers) handling explosives. This number today is 2.5 lakh, sources said.The Directorate of Explosives, now under department of industries, policy and planning, had suggested that the issue could be better handled if it was brought under the home ministry. There was also a demand to introduce a new civil services cadre the Indian Explosives Service (IES) for effective policing.The committee, however, felt that the need of the hour is not to have \"more people with theoretical knowledge'' but a strong mechanism that makes the whole business in explosives foolproof.\"We need to make the rules stringent like the Arms Act. India is one of the few countries where licensed guns are not often used to fight the state machinery,'' Punnoose pointed out.The meeting was attended by Orissa ADGP Abhay, Maharastra IG Sukvindher Singh, IB joint director P S Purohit, Chattisgarh IG J P Singh, Jharkand special branch IG Pradhan, Madhya Pradesh IG Anvesh Mangalam and Kochi range IG K Padmakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14919376", "title": "CBI holding up speedy trial against Union Carbide\u2019s parent firms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union Carbide Corporation (UCC), USA, was first declared absconder for the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy by the district court in 1992. And, in 2010, the UPA woke up again to push the criminal case against the company, and asked the CBI to take up the matter before courts on an urgent basis. However, the case is still stuck where it was since the Madhya Pradesh high court stayed the summoning of the firm on criminal charges in 2005.Even after the UPA group of ministers decided that the case should be pursued in Madhya Pradesh high court to decide the liability of Dow Chemicals and UCC, USA, it took the CBI a good two years to file an application seeking urgent hearing. Oddly, when the case did come up, the agency did not oppose repeated adjournments sought by another Dow firm - Dow Chemicals International Private Limited.The case against Warren Anderson, former chairman and CEO of UCC, may have got highlighted more in public domain, but for all practical reasons it is the pursuit of criminal cases against the companies that would make a difference in resolving the case 28 years after the tragedy rather than the extradition of the 93-year-old man.The group of ministers, headed by P Chidambaram, had decided in June, 2010, that the ministry of chemicals and fertilizers and the CBI should get the HC to expedite the decision on the liability of UCC's new parent companies. The court had granted a stay on the summons against both Dow Chemicals and UCC, USA, in 2005, and since then neither has the case been decided nor the stay revoked.In September, 2010, the then solicitor general had noted that the CBI did not need to file any separate application as it was party to the case, and all it had to do was to seek urgent hearings.The agency, though, dragged its feet, and filed a request for an early hearing only in January, 2012. Since then the Dow associate has sought four adjournments and the CBI never opposed the move, belittling its own intent of seeking a speedy trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918931", "title": "MBBS not easy Munnabhai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For middle class parents wishing to enroll their wards in MBBS courses, the journey has become tougher. The Justice (retd) Akshay Mehta fee regulatory committee has announced a fee hike ranging from 8-15 per cent in the undergraduate and postgraduate medical courses run by self-financed colleges.After the hike, the fee of MBBS courses, which ranged from Rs 3.15 lakh to Rs 4 lakh per annum, has increased to Rs 3.25 lakh to Rs 4.50 lakh. The most expensive self-financed college in the state to offer MBBS course is Karamsad Medical College where the parents will have to cough up Rs 4.5 lakh per annum as fee.In postgraduate medical courses, the fee of SMIMER, Surat has been increased by Rs 1 lakh from Rs 5.5 lakh to Rs 6.5 lakh.The fee of dental self-financed colleges, which used to charge Rs 2-2.44 lakh has been increased to Rs 2.25-3 lakh per annum. The fee of dental PG courses which ranged from Rs 4.7 lakh to Rs 5.25 lakh has been increased to Rs 6.25 lakh.Physiotherapy colleges, which used to charge fee ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh till last year, will now charge Rs 60,000 to Rs 1.2 lakh. The fee for PG in physiotherapy will now be Rs 2 lakh. The fee of Ayurveda courses will range from Rs 1.6 lakh to Rs 2.25 lakh while the homoeopathy courses will cost Rs 41,000-46,000.Pursuing nursing too will be costly as the fee has been increased from Rs 60,000-75,000 to Rs 1 lakh.Parents and students from the middle class say that the hike has made it more difficult for students who do not belong to rich families to pursue medicine. \"Medicine profession has been taken over by the rich and upper middle class. I have 86 per cent marks but even if I am offered medical admission, how can I put a burden of Rs 16 lakh on my middle class parents\", said Sachi Trivedi, a class XII passout.\"Soon, only wards of rich people will become doctors. This is pathetic\", said Anu Patel, another HSC passout with high marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916960", "title": "Slapgate II: Sudeep Jaiswal thrashes school principal", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after being allegedly caught on video slapping a traffic cop, district bar association (DBA) president Sudeep Jaiswal landed in fresh trouble on Friday. A school principal complained of being thrashed by Jaiswal and his associates on the premises of the Methodist school at Mecosabagh near Kadbi Chowk. Jaiswal and his accomplices have been booked for assault and trespass among other charges by Jaripatka police.It is learnt that Jaiswal and his supporters broke the lock of the gate and barged into the ground of Methodist school where the management were preparing to hold a seven-a-side football tournament from Sunday. Jaiswal and some youths, who came along with him, wanted to play cricket at the ground and seemed to be upset by seeing it was being prepared for the football tourney. According to a reliable source, Jaiswal started threatening principal Michael Simon Morde and school supervisor Sandeep Gaikwad. Soon, the youths who came along with Jaiswal started attacking the school staffers including Morde with cricket stumps, sticks and sharp weapons. Morde sustained some minor injuries.The management of the Methodist school rushed to Jaripatka police station to lodge a complaint after the incident. In an earlier occasion also, there was a cross-complaint against Jaiswal and the school management at Jaripatka police station after they locked horns over the possession of the ground. It is learnt that Jaiswal has a cricket coaching camp at the ground.The incident took place within a day of Jaiswal's slapping a constable posted out the district and session's court housed at Nyay Mandir. Jaiswal was booked in two offences at Sadar police station after the fiasco. Jaiswal was protesting the cops' misdemeanour with a woman colleague. The cop too has been booked for using abusive and threatening language. Jaiswal has not been arrested by Sadar police in connection with the incident.Offences had been also registered against the DBA members after they had blocked the road. The DBA members had threatened for indefinite strike from Monday onwards. However, a section of the lawyers from both district and sessions court and also High court declined to support the strike called by DBA.\"There is a law stating that no vehicle can be parked within a range of 10 meters at the entry or the exit gate of the court. But, Jaiswal and a few more lawyers have time and again neglected any such restrictions and continued parking their respective vehicles. In return, the authorities intervened and tried to maintain law and order, he entered into heated argument with them every time,\" said social worker Nitesh Sehata.There was also a widespread resentment in the police department against Jaiswal for slapping an on-duty cop. Police had not taken Jaiswal in custody after the incident and his arrest is also pending in the latest case.Deputy commissioner of police Mangalsingh Sirum said police would ensure strict action against Jaiswal. \"We are gathering concrete evidence against him to ensure that he is reigned in for such unruly action,\" he said.Despite several attempts, Jaiswal could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941899", "title": "State appoints consultant to upgrade health facilities", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has appointed the International Finance Corporation (IFC) as consultant for upgrading medical facilities in the state and setting up of diagnostic centres in all districts. The IFC is an organization of the World Bank .Sources in the health department said the IFC had been given two responsibilities - the management of upcoming 500-bed Sadar hospital in Ranchi and the setting up of a 100-seat medical college.\"We have almost completed the construction of 500-bed Sadar hospital in the heart of the state capital. Now we have appointed the IFC as consultant to draw a roadmap for integrated management of the hospital. Since the hospital is huge and will have super-speciality facilities, we also want to set up a medical college attached to it as it will fulfil the prescribed guideline of the Medical Council of India (MCI) for a medical college,\" said a source adding that the college might come up on the same premises or at some other place in the city.Keeping in mind the requirements of a college including classrooms, administrative block and residence of teachers and staff, the IFC will take a final decision.The government has also asked the IFC to prepare a roadmap for improvement of healthcare delivery system in other districts of the state. \"We have envisaged to set up a state-of-art diagnostic centre in all the districts of the state where patients can get all the facilities and they are not required to run from one place to another or come down to Ranchi for every test,\" said the source.State cabinet secretary NN Pandey said the cabinet had approved the proposal of the health department which was put before it for discussion.The Sadar hospital and the attached medical college will be operated on public-private-partnership mode. The same principle will be adopted for the diagnostic centres in the districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14923436", "title": "Dad buries deformed infant alive in Pakistan", "text": "LAHORE: In a horrific incident, a father in Pakistan's Punjab province allegedly buried alive his two-day-old daughter because her face was deformed. Chand Khan, a resident of Kacha Khu in Khanewal, allegedly buried the girl on Friday and has now been arrested.His brother and son were there at the burial , conducted after a cleric offered funeral prayers.The cleric got suspicious after he heard the infant crying during the rituals and informed locals. Khan, his brother and son were handed over to cops by the local residents . Omar Farooq, the doctor who delivered the baby, said the girl was healthy but had an unusually large face and her features were \"not normal\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14918163", "title": "Team Anna to hold public meeting in Gurgaon today", "text": "GURGAON: Ahead of July 25 protest rally in Delhi, the Team Anna will hold a public meeting in old city on Sunday to garner support of both urban and rural residents.The meeting is scheduled to take place at Gaushala ground at 5pm. The venue can accommodate around 1,000 people, but the local organizers are expecting larger crowd. RTI activist Arvind Kejriwal will address the rally and ask them to join the July 25the demonstration at Jantar Mantar.The police have made adequate security arrangements around the venue. A organizer said that Kiran Bedi will not be able to come for the event.For Team Anna, Gurgaon public meeting is crucial as they are expecting large number of supporters to join them at Jantar Mantar. The team has alredy held 17 meetings in different parts of Haryana. Meanwhile, a large number of RWAs and local workers' unions have pledged support for Anna's case.\"We have got tremendous support and we are expecting people from both rural and urban Gugraon to joins us,\" said Ramesh Yadav, a volunteer with India Against Corruption.\"We are participating in the meeting and will support the Anna movement for stronger Lokpal bill,\" said RS Rathee, president of Gurgaon Citizen's Council.Echoing similar view, Sarvadaman Oberoi, of the Mission Gurgaon Development, said: \"The public meeting is very important to mobilize the residents.\"Team Anna is holding indefinite fast at Jantar Mantar in Delhi from July 25 against the UPA government on the issue of corruption and its alleged failure to enact a strong Lokpal as well as not setting up a Special Investigation Team to probe corruption charges against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his 14 Cabinet colleagues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915887", "title": "Navy aeronautical officers finish course", "text": "KOCHI: The passing out parade of the 39th aeronautical specialization course batch was held at the Naval Institute of Aeronautical Technology (NIAT), Naval Base, Kochi on Saturday. The parade, which marked the culmination of the 52-week course was reviewed by Rear Admiral S Madhusudanan, admiral superintendent of Naval Ship Repair Yard, Kochi.Ten officers including four from the Indian Coast Guard underwent 52 weeks of training, which comprised of basic aeronautical subjects and practical training on different types of aircraft.Deputy commandant D Jayakumar stood first in the order of merit amongst air engineer officers, while Lt Sheshnath Mishra stood first amongst air electrical officers. The latter was also selected as the best all rounder. Meanwhile, the INS Venduruthy trophy for the best project was awarded to the syndicate comprising Deputy commandants D Jayakumar and AS Tanwar.In his address, Rear Admiral Madhusudanan emphasized the importance of their responsibility in the wake of acquisition of modern aircraft by the Navy and the impending induction of the second aircraft carrier Vikramaditya.The admiral also dwelt upon the importance of developing self confidence through professional competence, keeping up with the latest technologies, courage of conviction, commitment to service and above all leadership through personal example.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918986", "title": "Kerala burglar who killed cop in city?", "text": "CHENNAI: A team of the Kerala police is in Chennai in search of 'Aadu' Antony, a 49-year-old burglar who is accused of murdering a senior police officer in Kollam district on June 26.On July 3, police raided the apartment in Madhavaram, Chennai where Antony was said to be staying and seized 30 lakh worth of electronic goods and home appliances. A three-member team led by inspector Jawahar Janard of the Kerala police is now hunting for Antony who is said to have been involved in more than 100 cases of burglary in Tamil Nadu and Kerala.Last month, police said, Antony stabbed Maniyan Pillai and assaulted head constable K Joy when they stopped his Maruti Omni during a routine check. \"We chased him. But he abandoned the car and fled. Later, we came to know that Antony used a fake number plate. We traced the address of the vehicle owner Siva Subramanian of Chennai from whom Antony had bought the car,\" Janard told TOI. Police said a Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the case went to the rented house in Chandra Prabhu Colony in Madhavaram where Antony was said to be and found stolen computers and other electronic goods 30 lakh.Janard said Antony had stayed in the house in Madhavaram for more than seven months, according to neighbours.Police have also found that a woman named Susi alias Susan was with him when he went missing from his house at Pongumoodu in Thiruvananthapuram early on June 26 and that she could still be with him.According to sources, Susi is the mother of Sri Latha, one of Antony's two live-in partners who were taken into custody by the SIT from Pongumoodu a few days ago. Sri Latha (25), is a native of Perumbavoor, while Girija (35), the other woman who was taken into custody, is from Kavanad in Kollam town. Antony also had a relationship with Susi, police said.\"Antony keeps moving from place to place in and around the southern districts of Tamil Nadu. The SIT had confirmed that he had fled Kerala. Check-posts in border districts are under close observation and documents are being verified to see if he is transporting stolen goods to neighboring states,\" inspector Janard told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915435", "title": "You'll have to wait for safe LPG cylinders", "text": "KOCHI: The ongoing series of explosions caused by defective gas cylinders may not end in the near future. In yet another setback to introduce safe cylinders in the country, oil marketing companies have put their decision to introduce light weight composite LPG cylinders on the back burner for want of domestic companies willing to manufacture them.Cooking gas cylinders made of composite material are explosion proof and will only weigh one-third of what a steel cylinder weighs (30kg when fully loaded). While the composite cylinders are safe and easier to handle, the cost of such cylinders is three times that of regular cylinders which cost Rs 2,000 per unit, making production profitable only if volumes are high. The consumer, who currently pays about Rs 1,250 as deposit for a cylinder, will also have to shell out more.\"Composite cylinders are cent per cent explosion-proof and weighs only one-third of steel cylinders,\" claimed Anil Jain, managing director, Time Technoplast , a manufacturer of fibre glass LPG cylinders in the country. Composite LPG cylinders are a superior alternative to traditional cylinders and have gained in popularity across the globe, according to Jain.But the projects have been stalled after oil companies failed to find local manufacturers for the product after floating a tender for about two lakh composite cylinders.\"The chief controller of Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO) had given permission to manufacture only two lakh cylinder in the pilot phase. The manufacturers felt it would be unwise to put up a shop to manufacture just this many cylinders, and backed out. The oil industry then put the proposal on the back burner,\" an official of the IOC told TOI here.Earlier, three public sector oil companies had jointly floated a global tender in 2009 for importing two lakh cylinders. But the Union government asked the oil companies to cancel the tender in 2010 and find local manufacturers.\"The industry at one stage had thought of importing such cylinders from European countries where they are popular. The then PESO chief had visited Denmark and inspected these cylinders. But the government asked us to explore the possibility of identifying a local company,\" the IOC official said. , adding that large-scale introduction of such cylinders would depend on the response of customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14919539", "title": "Shri Ram Sena will be in Goa by Sept: Muthalik", "text": "Ponda: Biting the bait thrown by the Goa government on Friday, Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Muthalik on Saturday told STOI that he is all set to start operations in the state by September this year. He reiterated that he would not water down his stance on dealing with the westernization of Indian culture in Goa and said the local unit, when set up, would deal with clubs and parties severely.In a telephonic interview, Muthalik, speaking from Belgaum, said the Sena's Belgaum city unit chief Ramakant Konduskar would visit Goa in the first week of August to meet with people, including youngsters, who have extended support to starting a Sena wing here.Revenue minister Francis D'Souza, replying to a question from opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane in the legislative assembly had said, \"Everyone can come (to Goa). How can you stop anyone? No one can be stopped.... read the Constitution of India.\" He had then added, \"Let Muthalik come, we'll take care of him.\"Endorsing D'Souza's statement, Muthalik said, \"As Indians we are free to set up a branch anywhere in India.\" He elaborated, \"The Sena is not an extremist group to ban its entry in any state of its own country. Whatever we'll do in Goa would be within the framework of law. Being an Indian, I have a fundamental right to move freely in any part of the country. When the president of Pakistan has easy access to India, why can't I?\"On his interest in this coastal state, Muthalik said, \"Since Goa is a popular tourist destination, several dance clubs and high-voltage parties take place to attract foreign tourists. However, these adversely affect Goa's culture and several desi young girls visit dance clubs in the name of being modern. Goan culture is being westernized.\"He admitted that his organization follows an aggressive approach towards dealing with issues. \"We believe in Bhagat Singh and Netaji ( Subhash Chandra ) Bose and not in (Mahatma) Gandhi. We are aggressive in our approach and that is the only way to protect the country,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917772", "title": "TMC trade union eyes banks, railways", "text": "KOLKATA: All India Trinamool Trade Union Congress (AITTUC), the trade union wing of the Trinamool Congress , made its foray into the banking sector with AITTUC-affiliated All India UCO Bank Staff Federation holding its first convention in the city on Saturday. Representatives of a few other public sector banks - Central Bank of India, Allahabad Bank, Punjab National Bank and Indian Overseas Bank - were reportedly present at the convention.State transport minister Madan Mitra, who addressed the convention, said Trinamool leaders had taken a decision to spread the trade union wing to the railways and the banking sector. \"There is no reason why these sectors should be the exclusive preserve of CPM's trade union wing,\" Mitra said. \"The trade union wing of Congress has not made an effort to spread its organization in these sectors as Congress has always been soft to CPM,\" he added.He advised AITTUC immediately to start spreading its units in public sector bank branches in the Esplanade and BBD Bag area. \"In three months' time we want to hold a convention of bank employees.\" Mitra admitted, however, that till AITTUC managed to secure an all-India footing in the banking industry, it would be difficult to persuade the managements of banks to negotiate with them.Staff Federation general secretary Chitta Mandal said the members of the Federation earlier belonged to the All India Bank Employees Union unit in the bank, but leaders of CPI-backed AIBEA were not worried. \"We are confident that Trinamool's efforts to spread its trade union wing in banks will not succeed and AIBEA will continue to be the leading organization of bank emplyees,\" Bengal Pradesh Bank Employees Association general secretary Sanjit Chatterjee said. \"Even the CPM-backed Bank Employees Federation of India had once wanted to split AIBEA but could not do so. The new government is trying to spread its union in the banking sector, but members of all political parties are members of AIBEA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14936516", "title": "Employees, retired teachers occupy Allahabad University quarters illegally", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Much hue and cry is raised from time to time against illegitimate occupants residing in various hostels of Allahabad University and inmates not depositing the annual dues but no one notices that over 125 class III and IV employees of Allahabad University are illegally occupying the official quarters. There are around half-a-dozen houses which are illegally occupied by retired teachers or their family members.The university authorities are tight-lipped over the issue of freeing the much needed accommodations from the clutches of these illegal occupants. It is costing heavy monetary loss to university as these employees are claiming house rent allowance (HRA) and also enjoying the free stay. All the attempts by the administration, asking them to vacate the houses have fallen on deaf ears.The authorities, entrusted with the responsibility of preparing the list of such illegal occupants and trying to vacate the houses, have tried their bit but without positive results. These illegal encroachers have grabbed the houses in almost all the colonies meant for Class III and IV employees.Be it regular colonies such as that at the MNNIT campus or the behind A N Jha Hostel, none is free from encroachers. Some of them are enjoying a safe haven by making temporary accommodation beneath the stairs of the MCC stadium. Many others are have also constructed additional rooms, besides the allotted houses.The authorities fail to free these houses from the clutches of illegal occupants because of the fact that they are protected by either senior officials or the faculty members. Many of these illegal occupants are associated with one or the other official or teacher. The brazen attitude of these employees can be gauged by the fact that despite being given several warning from the estate office, not even as single employee has vacated the house.The issue pertaining to such a large number of houses being occupied by Class III and IV employees was taken up at the meeting of the house allotment committee which deals with the accommodation of the non-teaching employees of AU. Surprisingly many members were of the view that these illegal occupants be regularised the university waive off the penalty, if any, that can be realised from the erring staffers.Sources said that one deputy registrar, who was also the member of the said committee, disagreed with the other members as he was of the view that such accommodation should be vacated from these employees and the varsity authorities should also realise the dues from such employees from the date they are illegally occupying the houses.The sources also inform that the ball is in the V-C's court. Now it is up to him to decide whether to regularise these occupants or ask them to vacate the houses. \"The authorities have to think that what moral do they have is asking the inmates to vacate the hostels if the authorities are helpless in vacating the houses illegally occupied by the employees,\" said a faculty member.There are around half-a-dozen houses which are illegally occupied by retired teachers or their kith and kin. The number of these illegal occupant was nine till last year but four of them have vacated the houses. There are five of such families, who are reluctant to vacate the houses located at the Bank Road locality.The formal request to vacate the houses has been turned down by these occupants every time. Because of this, the waiting list of the teachers seeking accommodation, has not reduced. As a result many teachers are forced to live in rented houses in various localities. And these illegal occupants are enjoying free accommodation as the rent, being payable by them, is meagre in terms of rent which should be paid as per prevailing rates.One former faculty member of the university, who is staying illegally for over a decade at the official accommodation allotted in his name, pays a monthly rent of Rs 35 per month for the house which should have earned AU an amount of atleast Rs 8,000 per month. These unauthorised occupants are paying rent, which is at the subsidised rate and far less than the prevailing rate of the posh localities, where these houses are located.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923470", "title": "HC: Won\u2019t interfere in important infrastructure project", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that it will not interfere in a public project of considerable importance to residents of Mumbai, the Bombay high court dismissed a petition seeking a stay on the construction of a staircase for the Metro rail project near a shopping mall in Andheri (E).On June 26, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar heard a petition filed by M/s Sahar Developers, urging directions to restrain the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) and the Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd (MMOPL) from constructing the proposed staircase for the J B Nagar/Chakala Metro station close to the main gate of Sahar Plaza Complex on M V Road. The petitioner had sought relocation of the proposed staircase to some other place at the safe distance from the mall.According to the petition, one of the four staircases will land near the entry gate and close to the main gate of Sahara Plaza Complex. Sahar's counsel Prasad Dhakephalkar argued that the decision to provide for the staircase near the mall's main gate was taken without considering the difficulties and inconvenience to the occupants of and visitors to the shopping complex.But MMRDA and MMOPL's advocates submitted that all relevant factors, including commuter convenience and public safety, were considered while locating the staircase at its existing position. There are four staircases in the station building. The advocates informed the court that the construction of the station building and the staircases was at an advanced stage and near completion.In their order, the judges said, \"As per the settled legal position, in such matters, the writ court does not sit in appeal over the decisions of the authorities which are entrusted with the execution and implementation of the public project of considerable importance to the residents of Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944006", "title": "Kanpur Municipal Corporation developing market near Baradevi temple", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Kanpur municipal corporation are developing a market near Baradevi temple. The process had already began. At present, there are several temporary shops existing for years. These shops are encroachments which will be removed to develop the market.Municipal commissioner N K S Chauhan instructed the incharge of zone-III to prepare a layout of the market at the proposed site. The shops would be made available to the buyers at a cheaper price.There are several temporary shops opposite Juhi police station. The shopkeepers have encroached the place and doing business there for years. The KMC had planned to free the place from encroachments and regularize the shops. Melas are organised during 'navratas' and thousands of people visit Baradevi temple. The shopkeepers had erected temporary shops in the lane leading to the temple which create problem for devotees in entering the temple.The incharge of Zone-III has been instructed to prepare a project report of the market to be constructed on Ramlila ground opposite Juhi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14865486", "title": "Lilliput signs a telefilm for Disney", "text": "After entertaining the audiences with the daily dose of drama, some of the leading production houses are now showing interest in making children centric shows.Recently, TOI reported that production houses like Sphere Origins, Fireworks and SOL are coming up with telefilms on Pogo. And the latest we hear is that kid's channel Disney is also planning to launch a series of interesting telefilms.Sources inform that SOL Productions, which has enthralled viewers with reality shows like Just Dance and Swayamvar, will soon come up with a fantasy telefilm on the channel. Veteran actor Lilliput, who was last seen in Hitler Didi, has been roped in to play a genie on the show. The telefilm will revolve around a genie and some kids.When contacted, Lilliput remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944319", "title": "Woman forced to deliver on the stretcher", "text": "KANPUR: A woman was forced to deliver a child on the stretcher in a corridor of AHM-Dufferin hospital on Friday night after the medical staff allegedly refused to admit her. The relative of the patient alleged that the hospital authorities refused to admit their patient as they were unable to give them bribe. Israt (25), a resident of Bacchapurwa was taken to AHM-Dufferin hospital on Friday night as she was suffering from labour pain.According to the patient's relative, \"the doctors at the hospital refused to admit her and said that there are no beds vacant in the hospital.This forced her to deliver the baby in the hospital corridor on the stretcher.\" When TOI contacted Dr Usha Jain, Chief Medical Superintendent of the hospital, she refused to admit that the patient delivered the baby in corridor on the stretcher. She added that there was no bed available at that time so she was forced to stay in labour room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14942796", "title": "'Unbelievable' to allege Pakistani involvement in 26/11: Salman Bashir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan's new envoy to India Salman Bashir said on Sunday it was \"unbelievable\" and \"incredible\" to allege his country's state institutions' involvement in the Mumbai attacks, days after New Delhi demanded further action following LeT terrorist Abu Jundal's revelations.Stating that Pakistan was looking at a new way of conducting its ties with India, Bashir said he expects India to do its part since it takes \"two to tango\".\"As I said if our own army headquarters are attacked, if ISI offices are attacked, then I think it is really unbelievable, incredible to allege that Pakistani state institutions have been involved in this (Mumbai attacks). We ought to look at the situation very objectively in our own respective national interests,\" Bashir told Karan Thapar on CNN-IBN's Devil's Advocate programme.Trying to clear any question marks over Islamabad's commitment to renewed peace process with India especially in the backdrop of the arrest of Jundal, who has alleged involvement of certain ISI officers in the Mumbai attacks, Bashir said Pakistan's leadership, state institutions and people have realised that it is in national interest to have best of relations.\"I would say there has been a sea change in Pakistan- India relationship scenario. I can say for Pakistan with great degree of certainty that all levels, the leadership, state institutions, people of Pakistan, we realise that it is in Pakistan's self interest, national interest to have best of relations,\" he said.On the issue of terror, Bashir said Pakistan was willing to cooperate and reiterated his country's offer for a joint investigation into the Mumbai attacks. He said Pakistan is yet to hear from India on this.Replying to queries if Pakistan was willing to probe the involvement of its state institutions in the Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people, Bashir argued that his country itself was a victim of terror, which he described as a \"virus\".He also said it was wrong to say Pakistan was epicentre of terror.Refraining from direct comments, he said Pakistan was willing to cooperate and said it was \"mindful\" of its responsibilities.He referred to the recent foreign secretary-level talks and said there was \"very good conversation, good dialogue\" which also included the points raised by India pertaining to Jundal specifically and other matters related to terror.Pressed further on the issue of Jundal, who was deported from Saudi Arabia recently with a fake Pakistani passport, Bashir said India should share information with Pakistan.Asked if Jundal's statements on role of Pakistani state elements in the Mumbai attacks is a corroboration of what Pakistan-born American terrorist David Headley said, Bashir said one cannot take things reported in the media at face value.\"Elements of Pakistan's state, that is what the media has been saying attributing it to Abu Jundal. We have taken note of all that is being said here and my answer again is the same. Let the two sides get together, work through this and I think you cannot take the word of an individual or what is being said out in the public opinion, more credence than actual conversations at official track,\" he said.Bashir also denied charges that the Mumbai terror attacks trial in Pakistan was a sham, saying Islamabad was serious about it.He deflected the blame to the judicial process and said the Pakistan government has done its best and \"will continue to persist to ensure justice finally prevails.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14916103", "title": "T1, T2, T3... Chronicling the wildcat", "text": "On November 30, 2007, a tiger was shot dead in Talodi range, which falls under the Bramhapuri forest division, because it had killed five persons and a dozen cattle in a month. Five years down the line, people are learning to coexist with tigers. It is not that number of tigers has gone down or people have stopped venturing into the forests. Then what made the turnaround?\"It's simple. We were not prepared earlier but post-Talodi, we have learnt lessons and even pay attention to fake calls. We have prepared the home range of every tiger in our division,\" says Sanjay Thaware, deputy conservator of forests of Bramhapuri.In July 2008 when Thaware took over, man-animal conflict was at its peak in the division as there was no monitoring system. The first thing what he did was mapping of human deaths due to wild animals, cattle kills and tiger presence.\"In 2009, we did a suo motu tiger census and prepared the history-sheet of every individual tiger by naming it as T1, T2, T3... so on. Since then we have recorded 21 tigers including 18 residents through 174 camera traps. Every month tiger data is collected, tabulated and tallied with the present records,\" Thaware says.There are 7 ranges - Sindewahi, South Bramhapuri, Saoli, North Bramhapuri, Talodi, Nagbhid and Chimur - in the division. The forest is more or less in compact blocks adjoining the Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) with paddy fields in between. Every range is teeming with tigers.Of the 750 villages in Bramhapuri, 449 are forested. In the past decade, roads have been upgraded fragmenting habitat and increasing local traffic through forest areas. These villages also put huge biotic pressure on forests making conflict inevitable.So, how has conflict been brought under control or, rather, how did villagers learn to coexist with tigers? \"Don't call it conflict. You should not hold the forest department responsible for every incident,\" says Thaware. \"All the tiger attack on humans occurred in linear strips of forests when victims came in the critical distance of animals. Where forest is compact, there are no deaths.\"Yet, the strategy of stringent monitoring of big cats both, on paper and in the field, has worked. With data available at finger tips, site specific measures were taken. Staff is able to classify new entrants as well as resident tigers.Monitoring is helping the staff in knowing movement, corridors, breeding, conflict etc. Besides, capacity building of staff by way of field training, handling cameras, GPS and personal digital assistance (PDA) has been advantageous.To substantiate, forest guard Amol Kawase showed his PDA where he had mapped incidents of conflicts. \"There are 15 spots and everything has been recorded with a special software,\" he says.\"If we notice a cattle kill, immediately camera traps are deployed. Besides, villagers are alerted not to venture deep in case of carnivore presence,\" explains Ashok Dhote, assistant conservator of forests (ACF). Dhote is posted here since 2006 and has faced many an adverse situation.The field staff too admits that due to lack of awareness and poor monitoring they were clueless. \"Now we respond quickly to any given situation irrespective of the area not being under our jurisdiction. A vehicle has been give to field staff for monitoring. Timely cattle kill compensation has earned goodwill. This has also eased anger of the people. Of course, there are exceptions when people can be furious, but largely they are coming to terms with the situation,\" says Talodi RFO GS Choudhary.Another good thing is that beat guards are maintaining 'magova' (monitoring) registers in which they keep record of daily sightings. \"Everything is reported at the base station at Bramhapuri so the boss knows what was happening in the field,\" says forester VB Kamdi, who won a gold medal for outstanding work.Law differentiates the status of a protected area (PA) and non-protected area (non-PA), but Bramhapuri division is virtually being managed like a PA. When asked about the challenges, Thaware says reducing dependency on forests is the formidable task. \"For this, we are giving firewood at 80 paise per kg through 14 nistar depots in the division. Besides, distribution of LPG to villagers is being expedited,\" he says.But, has Bramhapuri's monitoring model helped in reducing cattle kills and human attacks? \"It's a very ticklish question. It's part of a study whether we have succeeded or not. But I can definitely say better monitoring and protection has turned Bramhapuri into a tiger source population. From 9 tigers in 2006, camera traps have recorded 20 tigers and 6 cubs in 2012,\" Thaware says.The Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad, too has confirmed number of tigers on the basis of scat analysis.The division has 1,566 sq km area of which 281 sq km is with Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM). With more than 50% villages forested, cattle kills are on higher side being easy prey.In 2011-12, there were 506 cattle kills as compared to 562 in 2010-11. During the same period human kills by wildlife have come down from 9 to 6. The division paid out Rs58 lakh towards compensation for crop damage and cattle and human kills in 2011-12.Impressed by the Bramhapuri model, Rajesh Gopal, member-secretary of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), has asked all states to adopt it nationally.When you ask Thaware who is his role model, he says none but his work in a non-PA is really a model for all. \"Don't call it a model. It should be done by everyone. I'm not wildlife trained but situations have taught me lot. It's all team work,\" he says with a degree of modesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14920815", "title": "Tardy govt blamed for row over medical seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government had two months time in which it could have rectified the deficiencies pointed out by Medical Council of India (MCI) officials which stood in the way of any increase in the number of seats in state-run medical colleges. It also had powers to impose GO 136 on private colleges to bring about transparency in the admission process for management quota seats. But it has failed miserably on both fronts. The high court's statement on Friday that the government was too friendly to private medical colleges was an apt observation, say doctors in public sector hospitals.Those in the public sector say that the government had not even considered taking minimum measures to enhance MBBS seats ahead of the first inspection. \"That Osmania and Gandhi medical colleges did not get additional seats can be put down to trivial reasons which can be attributed to the local hospital administration and the health department. Not even a review meeting was convened on the measures to be taken on the MBBS seats issue. Now, suddenly everybody has woken up,\" said a senior doctor.He added that by not focusing on government medical colleges, the government only helped the MCI in its decision to deny them seats.On the issue of management quota seats, he said that the government has, over the years, been increasing seats in the management quota and yet finds itself unable to implement GO 136 that was issued way back in 2007.Observers say that every private college has an 'event manager' who can arrange everything right from patients, faculty and the other requirements to get a clearance from MCI. But it is a totally different story when it comes to government colleges. \"State health authorities are not bothered for reasons best known to them,\" says an observer. He added that whenever doctors approached the government on the seat enhancement issue, officials would only talk about the reasons for MCI's rejection of their proposals and not about the measures being taken to upgrade the infrastructure,\" said the doctor.According to government doctors, the deficiencies in public sector hospitals will always exist but the actual problem is at the coordination level. \"There is no clear division of work. Confusion persists all the time whether a particular task is the responsibility of the health university or the directorate of medical education,\" said a doctor.Due to the wide communication gap in the existing system, doctors say that the compliance report - to be submitted by the hospital after deficiencies are pointed out during inspection - never reaches MCI in time. And sources said that this has been happening for several years now.Senior doctors at Gandhi Hospital said that the enhancement of seats for them was rejected on the grounds of poor outpatient turnout, an explanation which, according to them, is far from true. \"At Gandhi Hospital, only the new outpatients are registered everyday but not follow-up patients. This makes a lot of difference. Some error may have occurred while presenting the statistics to MCI,\" said a doctor at Gandhi Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14919824", "title": "20 yrs on, first women naval officers meet in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Reunions are a time for recollection of nostalgic memories and treasured moments, besides updating batch-mates on life since going separate ways.Hence it was no surprise as a group of 12 women who are in Goa-the place where their historic journeys began-were buzzing with excitement as they met for the first reunion in two decades.Exactly 20 years ago, on July 13, 1992, a batch of 22 girls began their naval training at INS Mandovi in Goa to become the first commissioned officers in the Indian defence forces. Prior to 1992, the Indian Navy enlisted women only in the role of doctor.\"The Navy was the first to commission women and the Army followed later, so we were the first batch in the defence forces,\" recollects Cdr Vijaya Bopana from Chennai.The girls-who were in their early twenties then-joined the Navy straight from college as engineering or technical graduates or as post-graduates. Two men were also part of the batch.They trained for six months and while doing so practically \"forgot they were women\". \"We had no special privileges as women,\" remembers Bopana.Thereafter they were posted to different parts of the country. Some served seven years and left as Lieutenants, some extended service to 10 and quit as Lt Commanders while five of the women gave 14 years of service before completing their commission in 2006 and leaving as Commanders.They acquired management degrees at reputed institutes along the way and are now at different stages of their lives.Most of the girls hailed from non-defence families but half of them ended up marrying their fellow male officers.Some have turned entrepreneurs, others educators, a few are now lawyers. But all are settled, says Lt Nishu Miglani who lives in Mumbai and is the director of her own consultancy firm.Miglani narrates: \"The Navy gave us the best foundation to become well-minded professionals and achieve goals in corporate life later on.\" It helped us with time management, discipline and outlook of life, she added.The most memorable moment of her time in service \"was being awarded the best lady officer on November 28, 1992, by the then defence minister Sharad Pawar \".Bopana narrates that being the first batch, the women faced \"gender sensitivity problems as jawans were not ready to take orders from women, or accept us as equals\". She feels the approach towards women has now changed and women are more accepted in the defence forces and are even being given permanent commissions.\"Our batches and the subsequent batches fought a lot for this (permanent commissions). And these efforts have paid off,\" says the woman who now heads HR in Reliance Retail's lifestyle division at Bangalore. Women are being taken for combat roles too, she adds.\"There needs to be a more open policy. If women are deemed fit to serve for 14 years, why not more years,\" Bopana wonders, adding that a change in mindsets is needed to see women serving at higher positions.Having represented India in badminton, Bopana says her sports background inspired her to join the Navy.In January 1995, she was among the first women to lead the Naval contingent at the Republic Day parade and cherishes this as well as the commendation for exemplary service from the Commander in Chief.She credits the Navy for instilling a strong working culture, mental toughness and result-oriented approach in the women and a strong value system.\"Navy helps people bridge gaps and brings everyone under the same band,\" she observes.Lt Cdr Meenu Tiwari, attributed her \"zeal to serve the nation\" as the driving force behind her decision to enlist.She was an education officer in the Navy and continues to be an educationist as the principal of the CRPF public school in Delhi. \"Training at the naval academy groomed us well. We owe a lot to the Navy,\" she notes.Cdr Puja Chhabra Sharma, who is now assistant dean, international programmes at Ansal University, Delhi, said for her, it was the \"love for the uniform\" that motivated her towards the Navy. \"We brought glamour to the white uniform,\" she chuckles.Sharma recalls being the first woman to do 'jack-staying' a risky naval distress exercise involving crossing over from one ship to another on a rope while both ships are in motion.Among the others who managed to make it to the reunion, Cdr Jaya Kapoor is now a consultant with Jindal SAW; Lt Smita Gaidhani is a practicing advocate in the Bombay high court and an assistant government pleader for the state of Maharashtra; Lt Divya Bapna is an administrative officer at TIFR, Mumbai; Lt Cdr Asshi Shamin recently quit as operations manager at an MNC; Lily Shama George is a homemaker; Lt Geeta Kohli Sekhon is a UN consultant (human trafficking and child abuse) in Kochi and Cdr Prasanna R is senior manager at TCS, Chennai. Lt Manju Chauhan Singh says she is now \"the CEO of her sweet home\".The group will be visiting their alma mater INS Mandovi, and \"seeing all the places where we trained, ran and did our punishments\".They have scheduled their next reunion in another five years and are hoping that more of their batch-mates will be in attendance. \"Many are abroad or couldn't make it. But online social networking has brought us together,\" concludes Bopana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914861", "title": "Park plan gathers dust in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: A proposal for a special garden where statues in Pimpri Chinchwad can be shifted seems to have been shelved.The proposal, mooted six years ago, envisaged the creation of 'Shakti Sthal' and the location had been decided during the tenure of former mayor Mangala Kadam, the ruling party's leader in the civic body. The garden was to be developed at an abandoned quarry along Telco Road in Akurdi.The proposal mooted by me was for creating a garden called Shakti Sthal in Akurdi for shifting the statues affected by road widening. But it was forgotten. I will meet municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi to revive the proposal.\" Kadam said,The garden department seems to have no knowledge about the proposal. Suresh Salunke, chief garden superintendent, said, \"The engineering section of our department looks after the proposals for gardens.\" Engineering department officials said they would have to check the details of any such proposal.The standing committee on May 31, 2011 had approved a resolution for appointment of an architect to prepare a plan for the creation of the Shakti Sthal at the quarry in Akurdi. The proposal said there is a 17-acre open plot reserved in the Development Plan (DP). It is near the bird valley park developed by the civic body.The proposal said this project will make it easier for the civic body to care for and maintain the security of all statues located in the municipal limits. Sanjay Kulkarni, executive engineer, environment cell, PCMC said, \"There was opposition by some people to the shifting of all statues to a common place. The standing committee had approved a proposal to appoint an architect to create the garden at the quarry opposite Bird Valley garden in Akurdi. But no work order was given. We should finalise the policy for creation of the garden at this plot located in Akurdi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14949916", "title": "Vindoo Dara Singh reveals his father's dying wish", "text": "It's a tough time for the late Dara Singh's wife Surjeet Kaur, Dara Singh's brother Sardara Singh Randhawa, Randhawa's wife Malka and the children. Dara Singh's son candidly admits he has a half-brother whose wellbeing is now Vindoo's responsibility after Dara Singh's demise.Says Vindoo, \"We are 5 siblings, ...actually 6. My father has a son from another marriage. His first marriage happened when he was barely 14. My half-brother has always been a part of the family. In fact he was there for all the rituals after my father's death. In deference to my father's wish my half-brother has always been a part the family. He will remain so. In fact more so now with my father gone. As my father's eldest born, it's my duty to make his responsibilities are fulfilled. In fact we in this family are very high on responsibilities. To this day, I look after my ex-wife Farha Naaz and son Fateh although we separated long back and she took away my son Fateh.\"Will the family patriarch's death also bring Vindoo's son Fateh back to him?Growing somewhat pensive hours after his father's cremation Vindoo says, \"I don't think so. Fateh will remain with his mother. Farha is a fantastic mother to Fateh. She left with him and we've never looked back after that, though I continue to look after them.\" Says Vindoo, \"In our family we respect and acknowledge all religion and my father encouraged every kind of culture and lifestyle in our family. My brother is married to a Gujarati. My sister is married to an American. I married a Muslim and now I'm married to a Christian. Religious intolerance was intolerable to me. That was the main bone of contention between us. When Farha decided to leave with our son, I didn't try to stop her. I didn't even try to meet him after they left although I missed him so much. Farha had to call and ask me, 'Don't you want to see your son. Today we're friends. Farha, Tabu and aunty (their mom) were here for Dad's funeral.\"Mention of the funeral makes Vindoo sentimental. \"Not since Mohd Rafi saab 's funeral had so many people turned up to wish anyone from Bollywood adieu. My father was a genuinely good human being. He is the only person besides Pran saab \u2014and he comes second\u2014about whom no one has anything bad to say. That's why we aren't mourning his going away. We're all sitting and smiling and even laughing remembering what a wonderful human being dad was. On Thursday, after the funeral, Anil Kapoor dropped in at home. Someone suggested we should stop the jovial mood. Woh kya sochega? But I said, 'Let's feel the way we feel and behave the way we feel'. My father went after living a full life. For the last four days when he hovered between this world and that, the kind of response I got just blew my mind. In the last four days, there have been 2 lakh tweets and after his death I have to respond to over a 1,000 sms as soon as I get breathing space.\"Vindoo says there is absolutely no hang-ups about being a giant's son. \"Not at all. I am proud to be Dara Singh's son. He was very proud of me, specially after I won on Bigg Boss and started getting good work and making good money. He always encouraged his children to do what we wanted, never stopped us from doing anything. We were all allowed to fail once in our class exams because we had the freedom to fail we never did. He encouraged me to have my drinks at home, rather than go out and drink in public places. In fact on the night before he passed away, we shared a drink together.... My dad wasn't scared of dying. He was scared my mother would go before him. 'Mujhe chhod ke mat jaana,' he told her some months ago. Now he's gone leaving her behind. We need to look after her even more now.\"Vindoo reveals he never moved out of the Dara Singh residence because all his siblings did. \"They all got married and moved away. How could I leave my parents alone? If in their autumnal years they had to live alone what was the point of having so many children? I made a pledge to myself I'd stay with my parents, and I did.\"Now there's a yearning to carry the father's legacy forward. Vindoo is planning to put together his father's amazing story in a documentary film. \"It's important to let future generations know what my father was all about. He always said, 'I've made enough money for all you children to live comfortably forever. If you can't build on my legacy don't diminish it either.' I'd like to carry his name forward. Dara Singh is a metaphor for strength and power. I'd like to think I can shoulder that legacy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940275", "title": "Walk into trouble on Bhubaneswar streets", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For senior citizen R N Mishra, who prefers to walk to places in and around his Sahid Nagar neighbourhood, crossing the ever busy city roads is a constant headache. \"Being one-ways, the roads are always busy. Moreover the medians are so high. It takes me at least 15 minutes to cross the road near Bayababa Math at Sahid Nagar,\" he complained.Kalpana Biswal, a resident of Nayapalli, narrates similar woes. She cannot jump the medians on one-way roads as they are too high for her and there are no diversions, zebra crossings or pedestrian signals in the city, she says. \"My bank is not very far, but it is such a nightmare to cross this stretch. The pavements are too high for me. I need to climb up and down. Sometimes, I am forced to take an autorickshaw for such a short distance. If only the pavements were more convenient, I could walk comfortably,\" said Biswal.Roads in Bhubaneswar, including Janpath and Sachivalaya Marg, Nandankanan-airport road are access roads because there are a large number of shops, restaurants, educational institutes and temples on either side. But after the roads were made one-way, four lanes of traffic head in the same direction without any stop, rendering pedestrians vulnerable.\"One-way city roads are good for vehicles and have led to an increase in vehicle speed, but this has rendered the roads unsafe for pedestrians with high probability of accidents. Bus and autorickshaw commuters are facing inconvenience due to long detours to reach their destinations,\" said Manoranjan Rath, a resident of Satya Nagar.Traffic officials on the other hand said people in the city do not follow traffic rules and not many follow the zebra crossings and pedestrian signals on traffic squares. \"Tell me how many people look for a zebra crossing to cross the roads. We have even imposed fine on vehicle owners who stand covering zebra crossings, but pedestrians still refuse to use them. It has become a habit of the people to blame the government for everything,\" said traffic ACP, N K Satpathy.But the authorities have done little to maintain clear pavements in the city, most of which are encroached upon and in bad condition. In the busy Unit-I and Unit-II areas of the city, pavements are choc-a-block with hawkers and shop owners. The condition is worse where the pavements have been eaten up due to road widening projects. No standard size or design was followed while constructing pavements.Besides, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) had decided to construct three foot over-bridges in the city, including one at Jaydev Vihar square in front of R D Women's College and another near Ashoka Market at Master Canteen Square, work on which is yet to start nearly one year after the projects were proposed.\"The construction of the foot over-bridges will begin shortly. Due to unavailability of government land we had to shift the location of the foot over-bridge near Jaydev Vihar. The construction of other two will begin soon,\" said Bhubaneswar mayor Ananta Narayan Jena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14946068", "title": "High court acquits CPM leader S Sundaresan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: CPM leader and former district cooperation bank president S Sundaresan has been acquitted by the Kerala high court in connection with the criminal case registered against him for immoral trafficking. Talking to reporters here on Saturday, Sundaresan said that the court found the allegation baseless and cancelled them. He also said that he would file a case at the Lokayukta court next week against the Kazhakoottam circle inspector Binu Kumar and Mangalapuram sub inspector Chandradas for registering a false case against him.The CPM leader was taken in custody on February 15 on grounds that he indulged in immoral activities with a woman in a vehicle parked on the road at Karammoode near Mangalapuram. The vehicle was detained by a group of people, on whose information police arrived and took Sundaresan into custody. Later, he was presented before the Varkala magistrate and was remanded.\"The investigation by the additional inspector general of police proved that the arrest was initiated to ruin my reputation and the high court specifically observed this. The pain the case caused to my family and my friend's wife and her family was immense and I am glad that truth prevailed. However, I am not going to stop until I find the culprits who worked to tarnish my image and a case will be filed at the Lokayukta court against the police officials who wrongly implicated me,\" Sundaresan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917148", "title": "Govt closed eyes to rehabilitation home mess", "text": "KOLKATA: The state disabilities commissioner, during a surprise visit to the state-funded horror home in Hooghly's Khajurdaha last year, had seen the pathetic condition of inmates and even noted various discrepancies in the way it was being run. But swayed by desperate pleas from the home authority, which cited acute financial crunch as the reason behind the mismanagement, the commissioner did not mention what she should have in her report. Now she repents what she did a year ago and believes her true report could have saved the woman who is believed to have been killed on July 1.\"I believe I should have taken a serious view of the situation prevalent at Dulal Smriti Sansad home. Had it been so, perhaps the woman who appears to have been killed and buried in the compound would have been alive and skeletons that are now tumbling out of the closet would have been exposed,\" state commissioner for persons with disabilities Mita Bandyopadhyay told TOI on Saturday.\"A year ago, I felt that since they had invested in infrastructure in remote area like Gurap and their financial condition was not very healthy, perhaps things would improve if I submitted a positive report. The reasoning was that it could help the home attract more funds. But it now appears my judgment was wrong. I should have delved deeper instead of giving them benefit of doubt,\" she added.Guriya, a mentally challenged woman, was rescued from Bankura and admitted to the home on May 22. She died on July 1. Two days later, a death certificate citing cardio-respiratory failure was submitted to Gurap police station. However, the decomposed body was exhumed and a postmortem was carried out Friday. It revealed that she had sustained a fatal head injury.A health checkup on Friday also revealed the appalling condition of inmates with all of them suffering from malnutrition and many showing signs of starvation. Several inmates have also complained of sexual exploitation after dark.One of the problems, the state commissioner said, was the absence of government-run homes for the disabled. \"We have no records of either how many homes there are in the state and how many of them have disabled persons in them. The chief minister has committed two homes for the mentally challenged, one in Rajarhat and the other in north Bengal, with a capacity of 200 seats in each. I will be submitting a proposal soon,\" she said.Reacting to the incident, chief commissioner for persons with disabilities Prasanna Kumar Pincha expressed shock and regret that such incidents continued to happen 17 years after the enactment of The Person with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights &amp; Full Participation) Act, 1995.\"There are three state-level mechanisms for monitoring and safeguarding the rights of disabled. The first is state coordination committee that is supposed to meet twice a year. In 11 years, it should have met 22 times but has actually been convened only four to five times. The state executive committee, which should have met four times a year or 44 times till date, has again met only four to five times. The state commissioner is supposed to accept complaints and even proceed suo moto, and monitor funds disbursed by social welfare department but is not equipped to do so due to lack of infrastructure, funds and empowerment. I have told the chief secretary that at least an independent directorate should be formed here if not a department. He has assured me that the state will consider the issue,\" Pincha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924263", "title": "Special force to deal with illegal vendors in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: Besides assistance from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for 20 days, a special team of police delta force will deployed to tackle Bandra's hawker menace. The delta force, a reserve police force, will be utilized to keep hawkers at bay from Bandra's prime locations like Waterfield Road, Hill Road, Bandra station and Linking Road.\"Citizens keep coming to us with complaints of illegal hawkers. Pedestrians are also deprived of footpaths due to them. Hence, we decided to patrol these areas continuously for 20 days. The BMC teams will seize goods from the illegal vendors. We too will station our vans. Areas that have been cleared of hawkers have already undergone beautification by citizens,\" said Pratap Dighavkar, deputy commissioner of police, zone IX (west).Illegal hawkers will be fined Rs 1,200 under section 102 of the Bombay Police Act on all the 20 days. Illegal hawkers usually return after the raid is over. However, Dighavkar said, \"Hawkers will be fined for 20 days at a stretch. This will deter them from returning. Such a drive at Santa Cruz railway station was a success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947929", "title": "Students demand carryover system", "text": "MYSORE: Students of Vidhyarti Horata Vedike held a protest march from Ramaswamy Circle to commissioner's officer on Friday, demanding carryover system in diploma courses.Until last year diploma courses had carryover system but from this year the department of technological education has cancelled the system, which the students claim is causing problems for they find it difficult to write two papers in a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14923900", "title": "Casting a new type", "text": "Boy under armpit, hypercity in noise pollution. Brother-in-law will die Tommy's death. When elders get cosy, youngsters should not get nosy. Though his intention was merely to translate popular Hindi idioms, it is easy to imagine foreigners mistaking Ajay Devgn in the film Bol Bachchan for a cryptic crossword show host. Besides Devgn's ridiculous attempts, there are enough unintentional instances such as hotel menus which spell 'Chilled Beer' as 'Child Bear' and 'Green Peas' as 'Green Peace'__ that illustrate how translation may not always be the best way to help foreigners, well, get cosy in the country.It was perhaps this realisation that made Shirin Johari of DDB Mudra, an integrated marketing communications and services network, start scribbling furiously eight months ago. The result was a unique font called the Hinglish Project designed as part of the Incredible India campaign, which won a gold and a bronze in the design category at Cannes Lions this year. \"The idea here was to demystify the noodle-like letters,\" says Johari, who found that bus numbers, rural signboards and hotel menus were very often written exclusively in Hindi, extending a rather reluctant welcome to foreigners.So in October 2011, Johari started toying with the idea of combining two scripts and decided to take on the task by studying the commonality in the two scripts. Hindi, which is written in the Devanagri script, has many more characters than the English alphabet that finds its origin in the Latin script. However, after consulting linguists, Johari found that despite the superficial distinctiveness of English and Hindi, the two borrow from the same phonetic pool. They both belong to the Indo-European group of languages.This discovery led her to the idea of conveying the phonetic sound of Hindi characters by superimposing each letter with an English one. While Hindi has 40 consonants and 12 vowels, English comprises 20 vowel sounds and 24 consonant sounds so \"it is near impossible to give direct equivalents in both languages\", she says. But with the help of linguists such as Anindita Ghose, Johari managed to get the correct and closest phonetic equivalents. The vowels, she admits, were tougher to fill in.\"The challenge was to also make sure the two scripts blended seamlessly and beautifully,\" says Johari, who had to bear in mind many little details when it came to type design. \"You follow a specific grid. Then there are things like X height, ascenders and descenders to be followed. With two scripts, the number of ascenders and descenders double,\" says Johari, who sought out experienced typographers in order to fine-tune this grid.Lower case, with its smooth edges and curves, she found, served this purpose by aesthetically fitting in with the Hindi characters. Within eight months, she made sure that each English alphabet, like a Tetris puzzle piece, found its groove in the Hindi equivalent. The Hinglish project was now ready.\"This font cannot teach you how to read words as they are spelt in Hindi, but it does help make individual letters less intimidating,\" says Johari, whose agency also created a flipbook and merchandise, including T-shirts and bags which, she recalls, \"sold like hot cakes at airports\". In addition, the agency created a website where people can download the font and even send messages or postcards to each other. It was perhaps inevitable that one postcard contained the message: Holy Cow. There is also an English-to-Hindi translation phrase book on the website for questions such as 'Where is the toilet?'The entire process including the typography, coding, website creation and promotion entailed an investment of a few lakh rupees. And it received its due when at Cannes, people appreciated the pilot concept. \"They told me that the idea could be applied to other scripts,\" says Johari, who is just back from her Cannes tour. Here, she was even approached by a woman who saw potential in Johari's idea to preserve languages.\"Around five million tourists visit India every year. With the European economy crumbling, many tourists are coming to India in search of employment. This is just an effort to make India more approachable,\" Johari says, adding that she has even received requests from people on Facebook saying how The Hinglish Project should have its own app. \"We just might consider it,\" says Johari, for whom the greatest sense of achievement though came when a tourist recently told her that the flipbook helped him add up the phonetic sounds loosely to read the name 'Koregaon' on the signboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14923001", "title": "End of an era: Man behind \u2018Jaws\u2019 Richard D Zanuck dies", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Legendary producer Richard D Zanuck, who was behind some of Hollywood's biggest movies like 'Jaws', 'Alice in Wonderland' and 'Driving Miss Daisy', died of a heart attack at his home in Beverly Hills on Friday. He was 77.Apart from his wife Lili Fini, Zanuck is survived by sons Harrison and Dean and nine grandchildren, the Hollywood Reporter said.Zanuck was the the son of famed 20th Century Fox head Darryl Zanuck and started his career there by working on films like 'The Sound of Music' and 'The Chapman Report'.His father was forced to fire his son from the studio in 1970 following pressure from the board of directors. The decision soured father-son relationship but the young producer managed to clear his differences with his father before his death.After working at Warner Bros for sometime, Zanuck founded a company with David Brown and produced 'The Sting' in 1973 as well as Steven Spielberg's first feature film 'The Sugarland Express' , in 1974 and 'Jaws' in 1975, which became the first film to cross $100 million at the box office.Spielberg said he had forged a great friendship with Zanuck, who taught him everything about producing a film. \"In 1974, Dick Zanuck and I sat in a boat off Martha's Vineyard and watched the mechanical shark sink to the bottom of the sea. Dick turned to me and smiled. 'Gee, I sure hope that's not a sign'. That moment forged a bond between us that lasted nearly 40 years,\" Spielberg said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947622", "title": "Now book Mysore zoo tickets through credit cards", "text": "MYSORE: With the demand for online ticketing soaring at Mysore Zoo, the conservation centre has allowed payment through credit cards.Visitors can also use internet banking to make the payment to purchase tickets online.This comes after the Zoo introduced an online ticketing system on June 25 to ease the long queues at ticket counters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "saharsa/purnia", "code": "14920820", "title": "Threat to railway track near Fango halt yet to subside", "text": "Saharsa/Purnia: Railway engineers have so far succeeded in thwarting the threat of erosion to the Saharsa-Mansi rail track at 15/6.8 km near Fango Halt between Koparia and Dhamraha railway stations in the Samastipur division of East Central Railway (ECR), but the threat to the track, which connects Kosi division with the rest of Bihar, has not as yet subsided altogether.The anti-erosion operation, continuing for the sixth consecutive day on war footing, has thwarted the erosion threat at the 15/6.8 km. But the turbulent Kosi mounted pressure at other nearby places. The rising water level is virtually keeping engineers and other officials on the edge, said railway sources.Samastipur senior divisional engineer R R Singh, however, said, \"We are very confident of thwarting the erosion threat to Saharsa-Mansi rail track.\" Over 60 wagons of boulders were off-loaded at the site and over 200 labourers and two dozen engineers are working non-stop. Samastipur senior divisional commercial manager (DCM) M A I Humayu on Saturday expressed hope that the erosion threat would be successfully thwarted.Meanwhile, with a view to easing some pressure on the track, ECR has cancelled two passenger trains __ 55567/55568 Saharsa-Samastipur passenger train and 55569/55570 Saharsa-Madhepura passenger train --for the present. The Saharsa-Patna Rajrani Express, Saharsa-Sealdah Haatey Bazare Express and Barauni-Saharsa Express were running hours behind schedule due to the blockade on account of anti-erosion work at the site, railway officials said at Saharsa on Saturday.To add to people's woes, vehicular traffic through Dumri steel bridge, parallel to the already damaged B P Mandal bridge at Dumri on the border of Khagaria and Saharsa districts on NH-107, has been temporarily suspended following erosion threat to the northern approach road to the bridge, according to Bihar Bridge Construction Corporation assistant engineer Sanjay Kumar Singh. The RCC B P Mandal bridge was damaged in 2010 and was substituted by the steel bridge. It directly connects with Kosi division.Meanwhile, fed by rain in the catchment areas in Nepal in the last two days, the Kosi has swollen and swamped many low lying areas in Supaul and Saharsa districts (Kosi division), according to official reports. The villagers are keeping their fingers crossed as the Kosi water seeped through many low lying areas like Kisanpur, Saraigarh, Bhaptiyahi and Marona blocks. Supaul ADM (disaster management) Ram Bilash Chowdhury said he is waiting for comprehensive reports from block authorities.In the meantime, the water discharge level at Birpur barrage (Supaul) and Barahkshetra (Nepal) was 1,40, 970 cusec and 1.11,000 cusec respectively at 11 am on Saturday against 1,14,800 cusec and 1,07,800 cusec at Birpur and Barahkshetra on Friday. The discharge into both the eastern and western main canals was pegged at 2,000 cusec each, according to the officials at the barrage. Though the discharge level was higher than July 13, the trend indicated a downslide on Saturday, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14925074", "title": "Tak claims family's unholy life, unpaid debts behind killing", "text": "MUMBAI: Accused Parvez Ahmed Tak (32) told police if Saleena Patel had returned his Rs 3.6 lakh, he would have gone back to Kashmir. But Saleena neither returned his money, nor him a break in Bollywood as promised. Moreover, Tak said he was very disturbed with Saleena and her family's un-Islamic lifestyle and multiple relationships with unknown persons, Laila's supposed marriage with one Sonu and the family's plans to migrate to Dubai leaving him behind. Tak claimed the loss of his money, his poor treatment by the family and their lifestyle drove him to kill.Tak said when married Saleena (50), though she was 20 years older to him, he considered her children as family but was disturbed by Asif's presence in their lives. He was angered to find Saleena and Asif in a compromising position in the Oshiwara flat. \"Till then Saleena had maintained that Asif was her brother but then she broke down and confessed he was her ex-husband and she maintained a physical relationship with him even after marrying Tak. Tak was further disturbed when though he sincerely accepted Saleena and her children as his own, Saleena gave Asif power of attorney over her properties,'' said investigating officer Sanjay More of crime branch.\"I was upset for various reasons. They were migrating to Dubai leaving me here alone. Secondly though I was Saleena's husband, the head of the family, they gave lots of importance to her ex-husband Asif Shaikh and she gave power of attorney to Asif. Besides I was under heavy debt as I had lost an election in Kashmir and still borrowed money and gave Saleena thinking she will get me a break in Bollywood. I left my wife and children, married Saleena though she was 20 years older, sincerely lived with her family as the stepfather, but the children never considered me so. I found Laila, Zara and Asmina wearing heavy make-up late in the evenings, going out with different men and returning in the wee hours of the morning. I found the Khan family leaving a very unholy and un-lslamic life. Saleena made me do odd jobs, used me for her physical pleasure. I had come with lots of hope but everything shattered. Then I learnt that Laila's friend Sonu was arranging jobs for them in Dubai. It all disturbed me and I thought I should teach them a lesson,'' Tak said in his confession to the police.Tak said he came to Mumbai on Saleena's request, leaving his wife Yasmin and two children, and tried to get a break in Bollywood. But all his dreams were shattered when he learnt the family's plans to shift to Dubai leaving him in Mumbai, said senior inspector Deepak Patangre.He was disturbed with humiliation he meted at the hands of Saleena. He told police that Saleena married him only for her physical needs, later she made him do odd jobs like, cooking, caretaking of the farm house etc and when her needs were over she was just leaving him and was going to Dubai. She did not even bother even to pay back her Rs 3.6 which Tak has given to her.\"You have ruined me. You have left me nowhere, you are going to Dubai, where will I go?\" Tak asked Saleena on the fateful night which was the starting of a heated argument leading to her killing followed by five others .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915145", "title": "Recreating Ravi Varma's art using mural style", "text": "KOCHI: Manuj Brahmapaad got a clear perspective at the very beginning of his art career. \"I would like to be known as a commercial painter and not as someone who worked for emotional satisfaction.\"With this objective in mind Manuj - who does not want to be called an artist - plans to showcase his works at an exhibition at the end of this year. He paints some of the most popular Raja Ravi Varma creations using age-old mural painting techniques, colours and form. He has already completed two paintings for the exhibition.\"When you think of Kerala's art, you first think about Raja Ravi Varma and secondly about mural paintings. I merged them both to create my own series. You see, there is an art even when one copies the works of such an internationally known artist,\" he said.His painting of Saraswathi with a veena in mural format has gained acceptance in some circles. \"Only Ravi Varma had drawn the goddess with a veena. There was no veena in ancient murals as it was introduced here just some centuries ago,\" said Brahmapaad.\"The best part about being self-employed is that you dictate your own life, there are no deadlines. The media was a good option I thought and I became a journalist. But, I did not find any satisfaction and so I started travelling. For two years I stayed near the Himalayas because of my personal interest in paranormal and black magic,\" said Manuj who travels from Kochi to Thiruvananthapuram during weekends to learn Hindustani music from his Bengali teacher.Largely self-taught in art, his next aim is to compose and sing Malayalam ghazals. When asked why, he says with a chuckle, \"When you do art, there is a beauty in it. For this very reason I love art. Period.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916484", "title": "Boon for flat buyers: Deed possible without builders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Easing the process of giving exclusive rights of ownership to flat buyers, the Delhi high court has held that land owning agencies, DDA and L&DO;, can execute the deed of apartment in case builders fail to execute the deed.This will enable flat buyers to get exclusive right over their houses and they need not be dependent on the promoter to transfer and mortgage the property.Allowing a PIL that sought a directive for enforcement of the Delhi Apartment Ownership Act, a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said, \"We are of the opinion that the dispute, whether the promoter or the builder has failed in executing and registering the deed of apartment, would be within the scope of Section 13 (4) of the Act and the competent authority would be entitled to pass an order directing the promoter or builder to execute the deed of apartment.\"It added that if the promoter or builder does not execute the deed of apartment even after this order, the competent authority itself can execute and register the deed on behalf of the builder.\"Similarly, the disputes, if any, as to who at present is entitled to the apartment, are also to be decided by the competent authority,\" the bench said while disposing of the PIL.In May 2010, the high court had directed the land-owning agencies to appoint a competent authority under the Delhi Apartment Ownership Act so that flat buyers can avail of benefits under the Act.The PIL complained that after more than two years of the court directive, nothing had been done due to which buyers had failed to obtain absolute ownership of the flats and also faced difficulty from builders for transfer or mortgage of the property.The HC said, \"A Secretary in the Delhi administration or the vice chairman of DDA or the Land and Development Officer of the central government\" could be authorized by the administrator by a notification in the official gazette as \"the competent authority under the Act\". Accepting the petitioner's allegation that the first obligation for executing the deed is on a builder or promoter of a group housing society and bu8yers faced problems due to the reluctance of builders to come forward to facilitate the execution, the bench said if builders failed to do so, a competent authority can execute the same.During the hearing, L&DO; had claimed that the agency cannot be forced to transfer title in the apartments in favor of the people claiming it without payment of the dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921163", "title": "The reality behind rising number of women medicos in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: If the price tags of management quota seats in medicine are skyrocketing in Andhra Pradesh today it is not simply because the good old sentiment behind taking the Hippocratic oath to serve society remains a compelling call for the educated. An estimated 70% of management quota seats in medical colleges have been cornered by the fairer sex but this heartening trend masks a disturbing reality - a medical degree is coming in handy these days for those looking to snag a good match in the marriage market.College managements state that a doctor's certificate often masks the not-so-palatable truth that an MBBS degree fetches girls a \"good match\" - a key reason why parents shell out big bucks for a medical seat for their daughters. Also responsible for the prevailing management quota seat rates of Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore is the increasing wealth of the state's elite over the last couple of decades and the post-liberalisation anthem of 'have money, will buy' that applies to education as well.But first the gender reality check in medical colleges. The percentage of girl students in state medical colleges has shot up by about 20% in the last three years. The state also boasts of a women's medical college. However, social reality check offers this perspective: girls joining MBBS courses have behind them parents hopeful of getting a good groom for their daughters.But, at the same time, grooms expect a handsome dowry from the families of their MBBS brides, the belief being that if the parents could spend so much on a medical degree, they would dig deeper into their pockets to offer a good dowry.Well, the rules of the game are predictably different for men. Doctor grooms fetch a handsome sum in the marriage market with the prevailing dowry they command ironically being the same as what one might be expected to pay for a management quota seat, between Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore.Explaining the social trend, a senior doctor said: \"If a girl wants to study, parents do not think twice about the repercussions such as dowry and marriage expenses. And, when they are prepared to pay Rs 50 lakh for an MBBS seat, they will also be prepared to loosen their purse strings for the marriage.\" Furthermore, it is also a status symbol and prestige issue.Doctors say that while parents usually go by the interests of their children, there are some who also put pressure on their kids to take up the profession. \"Till the undergraduate level, girls do very well in studies. However, by the time they finish house surgeonship, a good number of them are already married,\" says Dr AY Chary, dean of Dr VRK Women's Medical College, the only medical college in the state exclusively meant for women.Management quota seat distribution tilting towards girls is a phenomenon only three years old but the development that ensured it was so is five decades old. In the 1960s, there were only two private medical colleges in the state, Ranga Raya Medical College in Kakinada and Kakatiya Medical College in Warangal which charged a 'donation' of Rs 7,000 to Rs 12,000 for admission.That donation amount started increasing during the late 1980's and saw an exponential rise in the last two decades. Riding high on the national obsession for a medical career and the limited number of seats, private medical colleges jacked up their 'donation' demands, rechristened it as 'capitation' fee and started selling 'management quota' seats for a hefty price saying it was for investment in infrastructure.So, over the last two decades, burning the midnight oil to crack a medical entrance was no longer the only route to medical college. By mid-2000, the price of a management quota seat had touched the Rs 10 lakh mark and the girl-boy ratio was 50:50. Seven years later, that figure has multiplied 10 times, with some colleges this year even selling seats for Rs 1 crore. And the latest twist to the MBBS story is the changing gender equation in colleges.But if parents are willing to spend big bucks on their daughter's MBBS even if to only obtain a good match for her, college managements still prefer treating prospective girl students with kid gloves, suggesting \"lighter\" courses for them.Dr G Bhaskar Rao, treasurer of AP Private Medical and Dental Colleges Managements' Association says that colleges discourage women from pursuing an MBBS suggesting that they instead opt for BDS as it is the easier course when compared with MBBS.\"But parents insist that their daughter is interested in MBBS. In some cases, in fact, it is the parents who are more interested,\" he says.Also keeping the management quota seat rates high is the demand-supply gap that has only widened over the years. If 5,500 doctors are churned out every year in AP, the demand is for double that number given the sluggish growth in the healthcare sector in the state.A senior doctor shares that when he joined the profession, in the 1970s, there were 10 government medical colleges in the state with 1,500 seats all put together. But four decades later, despite the colossal rise in population, the number of medical colleges and seats has not seen a commensurate rise.\"A male in the OC category cannot dream of a seat in a government college today unless he gets a good rank. About 80,000 to 90,000 students are vying for approximately 5,500 seats,\" he said.Incidentally, even he had to cough up a hefty sum to get his son admitted into a medical course for the sole reason that he wanted his family's legacy carried forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14921290", "title": "Students in race for eco-friendly wheels", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ever thought of using a cycle whose parts can be completely \"recycled\", that runs on a 400 watt motor and requires nil effort to drive? Engineering students from different institutes have come together here to compete for an event to create a green vehicle causing zero pollution, yet promising effortless driving.The first round for \"Efficycle,\" an event to create the best human or electric-powered cycle kicked off at UIET on Saturday. Forty seven teams gave their presentations to judges \u2014 automobile industry experts \u2014 at Panjab University, while similar such rounds were being conducted in Pune and Bangalore. Students from Delhi's Northern India Engineering College have made one such \"recyclable\" model, named, \"Cheel.\"\"We have kept our design simple so that there are not many complications when we fabricate the model,\" said Sahil Gera, a member of the team that's made Cheel. Meher Jahnavi, a final year mechanical engineering student of the same team added, \"We wanted to create a model whose parts can be recycled and re-used for higher productivity\". Dhruv Bakshi and Deepak Mishra, were the other two members representing this team. \"Our aim was to create almost a mini car, which is totally pollution free. Despite being an electricity driven vehicle, it'll be effortless to drive,\" chimes Umendra Kumar Sharma, a member of the team from UIET that have come up with a model, named, 'Chargeurs Phoneix.' This is powered by a 400 watt motor. Teams from Jamia Millia Islamia, IIT-Rajasthan, BITS Pilani, UIET, CCET, Punjabi University, IIT-Kanpur and Roorkee, IIT-BHU participated on the first day among other teams from North India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14916787", "title": "Jaundice in Kelakam reaches epidemic level", "text": "KANNUR: Jaundice outbreak seems to have touched epidemic scale in Kelakam panchayat especially in the Adakkathodu. Health officials say so far 60 cases have been confirmed and there could be hundreds of affected persons.Since the incubation period of the hepatitis A virus (jaundice) is anywhere between 15 and 50 days, most of those affected could be carriers of the disease.Nearly 40 persons have been admitted in various hospitals in the district and in Mangalore.Meanwhile, the health department and doctors of Pariyaram Medical College over the last two days conducted medical camps in the locality in which over 1,000 people attended.Blood samples of 212 suspected cases have been collected. \"No doubt jaundice is spreading like an epidemic. We are taking all steps possible to contain its spread ,\" said Dr R Ramesh, district medical officer. The DMO said most of those affected are young people who ate from a particular bakery and a hotel in the locality.\"The food provided was contaminated as they used to collect water from a polluted well,\" the DMO said. Kelakam panchayat vice-president and Adakkathodu ward member Lissy Joseph said the bakery, hotel and the well has been closed down.The panchayat is also chlorinating all the water sources in the region. Meanwhile, the health department has decided to keep open public health centres in the panchayat from 8am to 5pm.The Peravur taluk hospital will function round the clock from Monday, said Lissy Joseph. An ambulance service and additional technicians too have been deployed.According to the DMO ultimately it is hygiene that matters. \"Drink boiled water, have hot and fresh food, wash your hands with soap, especially after going to toilet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914999", "title": "Commercial vehicles in Maharashtra to stop plying from July 17", "text": "PUNE: All commercial vehicles in the state, including about 20,000 from Pune, will stop plying from July 17 to protest against the mandatory installation of speed governors.As many as 5,000 such vehicles in the state, including school buses, tempos, dumpers and tankers ferrying essentials such as milk, vegetables, diesel and petrol have currently stopped plying as they have been deemed ineligible for the fitness certificate given by the Regional Transport Officer (RTO) as they have not installed speed governors, said members of the Maharashtra Rajya Truck, Tempo, Tankers Bus Vahatuk Mahasangh and Poona District Motor Goods Transport Association at a news conference on Saturday.Ram Kadam, president of the association, said that once speed governors were installed in heavy goods vehicles in the state, they will be at a disadvantage compared to those from neighbouring states. \"Speed governors will cut the average speed by 50%, which would make these vehicles to ply at approximately 50 km/ hour instead of the usual 70-80 km/hour. This will increase the time to deliver perishable goods such as milk and vegetables, thus leading to losses,\" said Kadam, adding that all vehicles including school buses, tempos, dumpers and tankers ferrying essentials will participate in the indefinite stir from July 17, by not plying till the decision to install speed governors is withdrawn.Prakash Gavali, president, Maharashtra Rajya Truck, Tempo, Tankers Bus Vahatuk Mahasangh, added that speed governors would restrict heavy goods vehicles from plying on ghat sections because the gadget mitigated the average of a vehicle considerably. \"Limiting the speed will also increase diesel consumption. Essential commodities that these vehicles ferry are delivered across India. If vehicles from Maharashtra are slowed down due to speed governors, then they would be at a disadvantage in comparison to commercial vehicles from other states as the latter will deliver goods faster and in time. Gradually, clients will shift to non-Maharashtra trucks throwing the latter out of business,\" said Kadam.Gavali said, \"The trucks registered in other states carry essential items, goods, medicines and material required for infrastructural needs to Maharashtra. Also, they move raw material for the industries in Maharashtra and finished goods from here to other parts of the country. If vehicles from other states are not allowed to enter Maharashtra because they have not installed speed governors, then a major chunk of essential commodities will not reach us, leading to price hike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14921491", "title": "\u2018Most seats in general category filled\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as applicants eagerly await the second merit list to be put up by Panjab University for B.Com centralized counselling, between 60-80% seats have been filled up in colleges after first round of admissions. This pool of seats meant for students outside UTcomprises 15% seats and includes those students who have cleared Class XII from schools outside Chandigarh.The Department of Evening Studies, PU that has a total 79 seats has filled up only 15 seats after round 1. This department admits students on All-India basis without differentiating between students from UT and those from outside the UT pool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14920455", "title": "Ministers likely to keep their portfolios", "text": "BANGALORE: Three days after he took over, chief minister Jagadish Shettar had almost finalized the portfolios to be allocated to his ministers. By and large, most of the ministers are likely to retain their old posts. The portfolios are likely to be announced on Sunday or Monday.Shettar held talks with deputy chief ministers KS Eshwarappa and R Ashoka on Saturday to draw up the final list. Shettar and his deputies were in New Delhi on Saturday, to meet party leaders. There is a possibility that Shettar may announce the portfolios on Sunday morning, before leaving for Hubli, where he will be felicitated.Sources in the party said the portfolios are only a stopgap arrangement in time for the assembly session starting on July 19. By and large, the ministers have retained their portfolios. \"There could be a reshuffle in August-end,\" a senior minister said. The ministers were also given their district responsibilities. Here's the list:Jagadish Shettar - Dharwad - Finance, urban development, DPAR, intelligence, rural development and panchayat rajKS Eshwarappa - Shimoga - RevenueR Ashoka - Bangalore Urban - Home and transportDN Jeevaraj - Chikmagalur - Food and civil suppliesAravind Limbavali - Hassan - Health and family welfareMP Renukacharya - Ramanagaram - ExciseV Somanna - Chamarajanagar - HousingCP Yogeshwar - Mandya - ForestsSunil Vallyapure - Bidar - InfrastructureCT Ravi - Dakshina Kannada- Higher educationKota Srinivas Poojary - Udupi - MuzraiVarthur R Prakash - Kolar - TextilesA Narayanaswamy- Chikkaballapur - Social welfareAnand Singh - Bellary - TourismKalakappa Bandi - Gadag- Women and child developmentCM Udasi - Haveri - Public worksSogadu Shivanna - Tumkur - PlanningUmesh V Katti - Belgaum - AgricultureAnand V Asnotikar- Raichur - Science &amp; technologyVisvesvara Hegde Kageri - Uttara Kannada - Primary and secondary educationRevunaik Belamagi - Gulbarga - Animal husbandryBN Bachhe Gowda - Bangalore Rural - LabourSA Ravindranath - Davanagere - HorticultureSA Ramdas - Mysore - Medical educationNarasimha Naik - Yadgir - Small scale industriesSK Bellubbi - Bijapur - Agriculture produce marketingAppachu Ranjan - Kodagu - Youth affairs &amp; sportsMurugesh R Nirani - Koppal - Large and medium industriesB J Puttaswamy - Chitradurga - CooperationGovind M Karjol - Bagalkot - Minor irrigation, Kannada and cultureShobha Karandlaje - EnergyBasavaraj Bommai - Water resourcesBalachandra L Jarkiholi - Municipal administrationDISSIDENCE CONTINUESTwelve disgruntled legislators who failed to get ministerial berths met under the leadership of former minister and mining magnate G Karunakara Reddy on Saturday. \"The services of some senior legislators have been ignored and a few newcomers were inducted into the ministry. This needs to be checked and I urge the central leadership to look into it,\" Reddy told reporters after the meeting.The BJP had not entertained the claim by Karunakara Reddy, brother of jailed mining baron G Janardhana Reddy , who had aspired to return to the ministry. Instead, Anand Singh from Bellary district was inducted.The non-inclusion of Kundapur MLA Haladi Srinivas Shetty also caused a lot of resentment in Dakshina Kannada district. The MLA said he would take a decision on the future course of action on Monday. In his support, B Nagaraj Shetty, former minister and chairman of Coastal Development Authority (CDA), resigned from the post and the party.Disgruntled legislators are planning to meet on Monday and leave for New Delhi later in the week to give a memorandum to the BJP top brass.Meanwhile, former CM D V Sadananda Gowda is reported to called up party national president Nitin Gadkari to say that he is being marginalized in the consultations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14924329", "title": "Gay pride and prejudice", "text": "Chetan Datar's Marathi drama Ek Madhavbaug is generally regarded as one of the best Indian plays to address homosexuality. But since it hasn't been performed in years, younger theatregoers have only heard of it. The city now has a chance to watch Ek Madhavbaug as The Humsafar Trust, an NGO that supports the LGBT community, has revived the play with a Hindi version that will premier in Mumbai on Sunday and have a longer run in August.Humsafar has been conducting readings of Ek Madhavbaug as part of its advocacy programme since 2010. Actor Mona Ambegaonkar has travelled across the country doing \"performance readings\" of the play in schools, colleges, corporate companies and among social groups. \"It's a very honest play,\" says Ambegaonkar. \"This play makes you look at people around you and say, 'Why is their sexual orientation interesting to me at all? Why is your bedroom part of my conversation? It shouldn't be.' \"The play is a monologue about a mother who has to cope with her son's coming out. It was first performed, says Vivek Anand, CEO of Humsafar, at the NGO's centre in Vakola in 1998. \"It's about what the mother is undergoing,\" Anand says. \"But she also makes an effort to understand what the son is undergoing. I felt this could be a fantastic advocacy tool.\"In 2008, Datar died of colitis at the age of 44. Two years later, Humsafar and Ambegaonkar, helped by funds from the Swedish International Development Authority, began to take the play across India. Funding for the project ends this year. But the NGO decided to produce a performance that will sustain itself.Anand says that the play has evoked emotional reactions from audiences. He says, \"There was a girl who had come with her mom and dad to the performance at the American Centre. The mom broke down and said, 'This is the story of my daughter. I'm proud that she had the courage to ask us to come for this play.' Then at Patuck College, there was a boy who just wanted to see what a lesbian looks like.\" He assumed that Ambegaonkar was lesbian.Ambegaonkar says that often heated discussions took place after the readings. \"I had married people who figured out that their sexual orientation was not heterosexual come to me,\" she says. \"Hijras would come to my show and argue with me. Teenage boys have appealed to me to speak to their parents.\"The Hindi version of the play has been translated from the original Marathi text by Anand and Ambegaonkar. Noted Marathi theatre director Vijay Kenkre is directing it. Kenkre and Datar were peers. The director has done two of Datar's plays, Hello Inspector and a one-act version of Savlya. \"I had seen Chetan's Marathi version (with Rama Joshi as the mother) and I had liked it immensely,\" Kenkre says. \"It's a monologue. But it has the ingredients of a complete play. It's not only talking about the mother but also the boy and the boy's father.\"Anand also feels the time is right to revive the play. The Delhi high court's verdict decriminalising homosexuality, gay pride marches, queer cultural festivals and the press's coverage of LGBT issues have put discussions about queer issues in public sphere. \"What Chetan wrote 14 years ago is so relevant today,\" Anand says. \"He was ahead of his time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14916867", "title": "Girl found dead at Noida home, sibling missing", "text": "NOIDA: A six-year-old girl was allegedly murdered and her younger brother was kidnapped from their Sector 5 residence on Friday evening.When the parents of the victims - Kajal and Vikas - returned home, they found Kajal's body hanging from the ceiling fan and realized that Vikas was missing. The couple's other children were away at a relative's house in Sector 20 at the time of the incident. The victims' mother works in a factory in Sector 6. and she suspects the involvement of a factory worker, Ramesh, in the incident.\"Ramesh used to beat his wife regularly. She often came to me for support. However, a week ago, she ran away from the house. Ramesh thinks that I helped her elope and that is why he did this to us,\" said the mother. Ramesh has also been missing since last evening. Cops have registered a case against Ramesh under sections 302, 452 and 364 of the IPC. Three police teams have also been constituted to look for Ramesh and further investigations are on in the matter, police said.Kajal's body has been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916505", "title": "'Personalized therapy a better way of treating cancer'", "text": "NAGPUR: Though it may seem that all cancers are caused when a few cells start going rogue, every cancer is different from the other. Therefore, it makes more sense to treat these diseases that manifest differently in different individuals in a customized manner, said Dr Vinay Kumar , professor of pathology at University of Chicago. And the answer, he says, lies in genetic sequencing.The current treatment methodologies being used to cure cancer, Dr Kumar said, are like trying to kill an ant with a hammer or just throwing an atom bomb where the insect is. Though they work, these sort of treatments also destroy a lot of healthy cells around the cancerous ones. This made scientists and doctors across the world look for a method that would be like giving a fatal shot to the 'uncivilised cells' and sparing the civilized ones, said Dr Kumar.The pathologist, who is better known among the medical students as the senior editor of the book they refer to as the 'Bible for Pathology', was speaking at the Government Medical College and Hospital on cancer genomics. He told the students how and why it was important to popularize 'personalized therapy' for the dreaded disease.\"We have knowledge of the behaviour of cancerous cells but not about the kind of cells responsible for the disease. If we were to understand the genetics causing it and catalogue all the cells responsible for cancer, the treatment could be made much more focused,\" he said. This procedure of finding the culprit genes and hitting at them is called nextgen sequencing, he added.Though this cataloguing is not complete yet, Dr Kumar believes it would be in five years from now. \"We have already gone a long way into this process and have acquired information about many of the cells. This database may take five years to be completed. In the next decade, personalized therapy would be the way ahead for the treatment,\" he said.The treatments have already started in some institutes of America, including the University of Chicago where Dr Kumar works. \"These therapies have begun on an experimental basis now but the methods would definitely be perfected over the next few years,\" he said. At that time, it would be possible to poke the ant with a fine needle whose prick may be fatal for the insect but not for the other organisms in its surroundings, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14951054", "title": "CM Jagadish Shettar in Hubli today", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will be in Hubli on Sunday, to attend some functions in the morning. He will arrive at Hubli airport at 11am. At 4pm he will address the meeting with officials regarding drought relief works. At 5pm he will attend the inauguration of hospital buildings and the foundation stone lying function at KIMS hospital.This is Shettar's first visit to his hometown after swearing in as the chief minister.Shettar will leave for Bangalore on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14922845", "title": "Bill to curb ISI withdrawn from House", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A bill aimed at making the ISI more accountable to parliament and government has been withdrawn from the senate by the presidential spokesman, who had submitted it in his private capacity.Farhatullah Babar, the spokesman of President Asif Ali Zardari, had submitted the bill last week. It is believed that the move had the backing of the presidency. The bill was reportedly withdrawn because Babar did not get it approved by a special committee of the ruling Pakistan People's Party headed by law minister Farook H Naek. This committee approves all private members' bills.Sources said opposition from the security establishment could also have contributed to Babar's decision to withdraw the bill. The proposed ISI (Functions, Powers and Regulation) Act of 2012 said the spy agency should be answerable to parliament and the PM. It recommended internal accountability within the agency and a better discipline system to end enforced disappearances and victimization of political parties.In 2008, former PM Yousaf Raza Gilani called off an attempt to place the ISI under the control of the interior ministry after the powerful army objected to the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14921196", "title": "Akali leader\u2019s killing: Accused convicted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the sensational broad daylight murder of a youth Akali leader, a local court here on Saturday convicted the main accused Balwinder Singh alias Minkel Bajaj for murder. The incident had taken place in the busy Sector 9 market here in July 2010.Bajaj had killed Tripadeep Singh alias Tippa Sekhon on July 13, as he wanted to take revenge from him. He had told the investigators that the victim and a few others had made an obscene MMS of his sister and circulated it.\"Bajaj was arrested on July 29, 2010 and police had recovered a .32 bore revolver and four cartridges from his possession. The bullet extracted from the body of the deceased was also fired from a .32 bore pistol. Before dying, the deceased had given a statement before the police accusing Bajaj,\" said one of the prosecution lawyers, outside the court here. Initially police had assumed that there was some political rivalry between the two but later this possibility was ruled out.The quantum of sentence will be announced on July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915020", "title": "Jewellery shop heist: Sketches of 3 suspects released", "text": "PUNE: The Faraskhana police on Saturday released sketches of three of the four men allegedly involved in robbing cash and ornaments worth Rs 61 lakh from a jewellery shop in Budhwar Peth on Friday.The suspects, carrying a revolver and sharp weapons, had covered their faces. They barged into R P Jewellers located on the first floor of Shobha Nivas near Vijay Maruti temple at Kedari chowk around 8.15 pm on Friday.They threatened the partners of the shop, Rajesh Porwal and Padamraj Porwal, and their employee Raju Bendre, who were making ornaments at the time. They tied their hands and legs and gagged them with tape before decamping with 2 kg gold, 5 kg silver, Rs 90,000 and two cell phones.Senior inspector Anant Rajashirke told TOI that the sketches of three suspects were prepared based on the description given by the Porwals and Bendre.Rajashirke said, \"Investigations have revealed that the suspects had conducted a recce at the shop. From the modus operandi, we suspect the involvement of an outside gang in the robbery.\"\"The partners had not installed closed circuit television cameras nor had they appointed a security guard. They have told police that the suspects ran in the direction of the red light area in Budhwar Peth,\" he said.\"We have started questioning criminals in similar cases and have conducted searches at their residences. Police have conducted 'nakabandi' and combing operations in the city, Rajashirke added.The incident took place in a crowded locality. Police were patrolling around 200 m away from shop. \"If the victims had raised an alarm, it would have been easier for police and the public to nab the culprits,\" he said.Any person who has any information about the incident should contact the police on 9823123322.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919685", "title": "No traffic gridlock during rally: HD Kumaraswamy", "text": "BANGALORE: JD(S) state chief HD Kumaraswamy has assured that his party-organized Muslims' Convention at Palace Grounds on Sunday will not lead to any traffic hold-ups.\"The convention will be between 11am and 2.30pm. On Sundays, the traffic usually commences late in the afternoon. I have held meetings with Bangalore city police commissioner to ensure there are no traffic snarls and my party ends up getting a bad name,'' he told STOI.On November 18, 2008, a rally organized to felicitate Kumaraswamy when he took over as party president at the same venue led to a traffic gridlock for eight hours in the city. Kumaraswamy had then blamed Bangaloreans for overreacting to issues.Why the Muslims' Convention?According to Kumaraswamy:* This community have been used by one party as a vote bank and labeled by another as terrorists. This needs introspection.* Educational opportunities for them are even lesser than dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14948572", "title": "India limits FDI in too many sectors: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Noting that India prohibited foreign investment in too many sectors such as retail, US President Barack Obama on Sunday cited concerns over deteriorating investment climate there to endorse another \"wave\" of economic reforms.Still sounding positive about Indian economy, \"which continues to grow at an impressive rate,\" he said that to some extent, India's slower growth is a reflection of the larger slow down in the global economy.The US President made these observations in an interview to PTI here.Obama was careful not to be directly critical of the negative investment climate in India but cited the concerns of the American business community to make his points.Many in the American business community, \"one of the great champions of the US-India partnership\", have expressed concerns that the investment climate in India is deteriorating, he said.\"They tell us it is still too hard to invest in India. In too many sectors, such as retail, India limits or prohibits the foreign investment that is necessary to create jobs in both our countries, and which is necessary for India to continue to grow,\" Obama said.Refraining from prescribing any solutions for India's economic difficulties, the president said, \"it is not the place of the United States to tell other nations, including India, how to chart its economic future. That is for Indians to decide.\"Obama noted that \"there appears to be a growing consensus in India that the time may be right for another wave of economic reforms to make India more competitive in the global economy.\"Obama then went on to add, \"and as India makes the difficult reforms that are necessary, it will continue to have a partner in the United States.\"\"It is important, though, to put this in the context of India's incredible growth and development in recent decades,\" he said.The president pointed out that India had lifted tens of millions of people out of poverty to create one of the world's largest middle classes.\"Indian innovation is an engine of the global economy. And even with the recent challenges, the Indian economy continues to grow at an impressive rate. The Indian people have displayed a remarkable capacity to meet India's challenges,\" he said.Describing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as \"my friend and partner with whom I have worked closely\", Obama said he valued the insights of the Indian leader at various international fora including the recent G20 meeting in Mexico.He said at the G20 they agreed that one of the best things they could do to get the global economy growing faster was to renew the focus on growth and job creation in their own countries.\"That's my priority in the US. Of course, one of the most effective ways we can create jobs is to continue expanding trade and investment, including between the US and India.\"The president said they need to keep strengthening the pillars of the long-term economic vitality and competitiveness, including the education of the people of the two countries, science and technology, and the modern infrastructure that allows them to move goods and services faster.\"We need to keep up the fight against corruption, which stifles innovation and is one of the biggest barriers to job creation and economic growth around the world. These are some of the things we can do together as global partners,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14919839", "title": "Owaisi files complaint against Pahelwan", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Banjara Hills police have registered a case of criminal intimidation against Mohammed bin Omer Yafai alias Mohammed Pahelwan on a court-referred complaint filed by Chandrayangutta MLA and MIM floor leader in the Assembly Akbaruddin Owaisi.Akbaruddin Owaisi approached court claiming that Pahelwan had threatened him during an interview with a local channel. Taking cognizance of the complaint, the Nampally criminal court directed the Banjara Hills police to file a case under Section 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Pahelwan is the prime accused in the attack on Akbaruddin Owaisi, which took place on April 30 last year. He is currently lodged in the Cherlapally prison after his bail was cancelled by AP high court in April this year.A special leave petition filed by him for bail in the Supreme Court is pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "my favourite restaurant and food companions", "code": "14946369", "title": "Poorna\u2019s Spaghetti Alfredo", "text": "My favourite restaurant and food companions:  In Mumbai, it's The Table at Colaba. I love the attention to detail and chef Alex Sanchez has put together a menu that has a fresh feel to it. This is where I go on special occasions and of course, if anyone is visiting from out of town with an expense account; I con them into taking me there. In New York , my all-time favourite eatery is a familystyle Italian restaurant called Patricia's.It's tucked away under the Willamsburg bridge in Brooklyn, and has the best Italian food. It has a tapas feel to it: you start off with five to seven smallish appetisers, two main courses and finish up with homemade dessert. I used to live opposite Patricia's, so I associate going there with family or friends who feel like family. The best meal I've had on a film set: If set food wasn't disgusting, it wouldn't be set food. I could tell you the worst meal I've had on set, but the best meal is a hard one. A dish that's guaranteed to lift me out of a bad mood: My mother makes me pasta with a simple spaghetti sauce that I've loved ever since I was a kid. That, and Jello. My favourite cuisine:Is Ethiopian. It's similar in presentation and ingredients to Indian food, but the spices and taste are radically different. My favourite recipe:Spaghetti Alfredo.Poorna's Spaghetti AlfredoIngredients: Butter: 1 tbsp, Chopped garlic: \u00bd tsp, Cream: 1/4 cup, Salt: 1/4 tsp, Parmesan cheese: 1 tbsp, Boiled spaghetti: 130 g Method: Add butter to the pan to melt it. Add the garlic and saute. Add cream, followed by Parmesan cheese. Keep stirring. I Then add boiled spaghetti and give it a good toss. It's now ready to serve in a pasta plate. I Garnish with grated Parmesan cheese and fried basil leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14950893", "title": "Dowry cases are on the rise in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: Despite a nationwide public uproar against dowry system and the governmental and non-government organizations waging a war against the social evil, liberating women from the clutches of the abhorrent practice has not been possible. Scores of hapless women, not just in villages and small towns, but also in progressive cities like Hubli and Dharwad, continue to suffer at the hands of their spouses and in-laws over dowry matters. Dowry system is very much prevalent in the twin cities, and the graph of dowry harassment cases has been on the rise in the last couple of years.In the last six months itself (January-June 2012), around 33 dowry cases have been reported in Hubli and Dharwad. Of them, police are investigating into 16 cases and the remaining 17 cases are sub-judice. Around 48 cases were registered in 2011. Among the latest incidents, heinous crime was inflicted on six women. In a ghastly incident that took place in Hubli recently, Geeta (name changed) died after her husband, who was pestering her to bring more money and gold from her father, banged her head against a wall. The couple was married for seven years. In another shocking incident, Roopa (name changed), a young woman, who refused to bring Rs 25,000 cash and a 10 gram gold chain, as demanded by her in-laws, was burnt alive by her husband in Hubli. The victim was married four years ago, police said. In several cases, women have committed suicide, unable to bear the physical and mental trauma. Complaints pour in at the women's police station against spouses and in-laws who pester the newly wed women to bring more booty from their parents' home.In several cases, women complain against their alcoholic husbands who do nothing to earn a living and instead torture women for money and gold. In such cases, police, with the help of counsellors, do their best in convincing the couple to bury the hatchet and live a peaceful life. They also involve the senior members of the family in sorting out the issues. According to police sources, about 50 per cent cases are settled through counseling. But if counselling fails to yield positive results, police register a case.\"When any dowry case comes to us, we first discuss the case with the parents of both husband and wife. If the couple and their parents are convinced and are willing to sort out their differences, we lend them all the support. However, we don't force the couple to continue to live together, if they fail to arrive at a consensus,\" said Sanjeev Badaskar, a city-based advocate.Speaking to STOI, N Pushpalata CPI, women's police station, lamented that dowry harassment cases are increasing in the twin cities. In most of the cases, the women are married since just two or three years. Some of the harassment tales are horrifying in which women are either physically assaulted or set ablaze.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14922442", "title": "Next big showers may be at least a week away", "text": "MUMBAI: After the good rainfall of last week, the monsoon graph once again dipped this week. The weather department has said its activity has somewhat weakened and the city may get its next spell of heavy showers after a week at least.Between Monday and Saturday, Colaba received 80mm of rainfall whereas Santa Curz recorded 157mm. Though Sunday may have a few spells, there is no warning of heavy showers for Maharashtra over the next two days.\"Monsoon is a little weak, because of which there have been no heavy rainfall reports from any weather station in Maharashtra,\" said Bishwombhar Singh, director of weather forecast, Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"Currently, the offshore trough that has been causing showers over Konkan and Goa, passes from Maharashtra to the Kerala coast. There will be few spells of showers in Mumbai for the next two days at least,\" he said.Heat in the city also increased due to lack of rainfall on Saturday. While Colaba recorded 32.4 degree Celsius maximum temperature, that in Santa Cruz was 32 degree Celsius. Though the evening relative humidity was 77% and 67% in Colaba and Santa Cruz respectively, there was only 0.8mm of rainfall in Colaba whereas Santa Cruz recorded a no-show between 8:30am and 5:30pm on Saturday.Meanwhile, the southwest monsoon covered the entire country earlier this week on July 11-four days before the normal date. The weekly release of the IMD said that the rainfall between July 5 and July 11 was one per cent above the long period average. However, the seasonal rainfall for the country is still 22% below average.\"There are no heavy rainfall warnings for Maharashtra for the next two days at least. There may be some monsoon activity over Konkan and Goa later, but as of now, the city can expect a few spells of scattered rainfall,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14916316", "title": "25 fake SIMs 'issued' under her name", "text": "KOCHI: Little did Jagada Gopi, a 43-year-old fish vendor, knew that she had been allotted 25 mobile phone connections. The Naduthuruthil, Panangad resident came to know of the multiple connections only after receiving a notice from the telecom department, which sought details on her SIM cards.Startled, Jagada filed a complaint with the Panangad police on Saturday. She reportedly said that she has been using only one mobile phone number, that too, allotted to her son-in-law. An investigation revealed that all 25 connections were taken using her voter's ID card. The photos in the application forms were different. The police traced 10 connections, of which only one was found to be active. Investigators said they were yet to identify those who used the other 15. Police intensified the probe in the wake of increase in crimes using duplicate SIM cards. Investigators said competition among various mobile phone service providers resulted in such bogus connections, allotted without strict verification of ID proofs and address details.\"To make thing worse, such connections are misused by criminals. With the photocopy of an ID as address proof, one can easily get a connection,\" said a police officer. In many such cases, SIM cards were found to be destroyed soon after use, destroying evidence, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14920352", "title": "University of Agricultural Sciences has contingency plan to tackle drought", "text": "BANGALORE: With the rain gods refusing to smile, the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS), Bangalore, has evolved a contingency plan for farmers of all districts reeling under drought, on the need to equip themselves to face hard times.The contingency plan is ready for all districts for different stages of delay in the monsoon. The university advises farmers on various changes they can bring about in the cultivation pattern so as to prevent huge losses on the field. \"The plans were prepared on instructions from the state government by Krishi Vignan Kendras (KVKs) in each district. The situation is grim. Crops are drying for want of moisture,'' associate director of research at UAS D Nuthan told TOI.This includes changing the variety of seeds used, tips in cultivation practices like opening a dead furrow to conserve moisture, spraying urea and ammonium phosphate and even to substitute the crop with more suitable ones. Such a contingency plan is made every time there is a deviation from the usual weather pattern.\"As of now, our first crop is suffering. If it rains in the next 2-3 days, much can be saved. There's hope for crops whose sowing period is still open. The delay in monsoon is also putting pressure on getting fodder. The dairy unit in Chikkaballapur sold fodder for Rs 800 instead of the usual Rs 300. Farmers have started selling animals and some have even started migrating to towns,'' said BK Ramachandrappa, chief scientist at the dry land agro unit at UAS.TWO-CROP PATTERNAccording to agricultural scientists, Karnataka usually has two crops. The first one is sowed during pre-monsoon showers and harvested in August. These crops, like sesame, green gram, cotton and cowpea, have suffered and dried up due to the delay. \"Groundnut cultivation is hit too, because the sowing window closed on June 15. It's grown in Bangalore Rural, Chikkaballapur and Kolar, which have deficit rainfall,'' he added.For crops that are being planted now, the sowing window is still open. Sowing can be done for most crops, except jowar, till July-end. Things will go out of hand if it fails to rain even then. Rain-fed crops like paddy cannot be sowed because of lack of water. Till June 6, out of the 26 lakh hectares of land that had to be sowed, only 20 lakh hectares were sowed. \"Due to shortage of fodder, the distress sale of animals has begun and migration has started,'' Nuthun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14942148", "title": "Railways plans to run special Shravani Mela train to ease rush", "text": "RANCHI: The railways is planning to introduce a special train for Baidyanath Dham in the wake of \" kanwariyas\" crowding Deoghar-bound trains from Ranchi. All the trains going via Jasidih station are full of devotees. The rush is so huge that the \"kanwariyas\" force their way into reserved coaches too.The Ranchi division of the South Eastern Railway has briefed its headquarters about the situation. Divisional railway manager Gajan Malaya said running a special train for Deoghar from Ranchi could solve the problem.In a letter to senior officials in headquarters, the Ranchi division has demanded a Shravani Mela special train between Ranchi and Jasidih station. \"The approval is likely to be given soon. We have intimated the authorities about the necessity,\" said Malaya.At present, only one train caters for the \"kanwariyas\" from Ranchi. The special train Hatia-Baidyanath Dham Express leaves from here at 1.25pm daily and reaches Jasidih at 9pm and thus it is not a preferable train for the \"kanwariyas\". Nonetheless the train draws hundreds of them.Along with it, there is Maurya Express to Gorakhpur, Patliputra Express to Patna and Bhagalpur-Vananchal Express to Bhagalpur and Ranchi-Jayanagar Express to Darbhanga and Jayanagar which go via Jasidih. Patliputra Express leaves Ranchi at 10.15pm and reaches Jasidih around 4am. This train is the most crowded by \"kanwariyas\" because of its timing.\"All the four trains are almost out of bounds for general passengers. The waiting lists are as long as over 100,\" said a reservation official. Senior divisional commercial manager Kali Shankar Mukherjee said it was a usual phenomenon. \"It continues throughout Sawan,\" he added. A senior railway official said additional bogies were added to the trains whenever such necessity arose. \"More additional bogies will be added in the trains if the situation requires so,\" said Malaya.A special Shravani Mela express train started running from Tatanagar station from Friday. \"The train has been approved by the headquarters. The rush to Deoghar is equally huge from Jamshedpur,\" said a railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14936620", "title": "Hindus dismayed at porn-star type image of goddess Kali in upcoming video game", "text": "AMRITSAR: Hindus were perturbed at the portrayal of goddess Kali giving the appearance of a porn-star in an upcoming online action video game SMITE which is being developed by Georgia (USA) headquartered Hi-Rez Studios, informed President of Universal Society of Hinduism, Rajan Zed from Nevada, USA, on Sunday.Zed said portrayal of goddess Kali was quite disturbing for the devotees who worshipped her in temples or home shrines on a regular basis.\"It was denigration and belittling of the entire community\" he said. Zed said he had asked the online video game developer Hi-Rez Studios to immediately remove the Kali and other Hindu gods (Vamana and Agni) from the game as it trivialized the highly revered and sacred deities of Hinduism.Zed, however informed that representatives of various religions including Catholics, Jews and Buddhists had come out in the support of Hindus who were upset at this inappropriate usage of Kali and other Hindu deities.\"Roman Catholic leader in Nevada Father Charles T Durante, prominent Jewish leader in Western USA Rabbi ElizaBeth W Beyer and distinguished Buddhist leader from Nevada Reverend Jikai' Phil Bryan have issued separate statements backing the cause of protesting Hindus\" he informed.He said in the game, the player would control and manipulate goddess Kali and other Hindu deities, which was highly inappropriate as in reality the devotees put the destinies of themselves in the hands of their deities.\"Reimagining Hindu scriptures and deities for commercial or other agenda is not okay as it hurt the devotees\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923544", "title": "Now, chain-snatcher strikes at home", "text": "MUMBAI: Chain-snatching is no longer restricted to deserted streets. On Friday morning, an accused walked into a residential building in Powai, knocked on the door of a flat and snatched away a Rs 2.5-lakh mangalsutra belonging to a 60-year-old woman who opened the door.The incident occurred around 7.30am at a third-floor flat in Harmony Building at Raheja Vihar. The victim, Narayani Iyer (60), along with her husband Srinivasan (68) and their 19-year-old mentally ill daughter, has been staying in the rented apartment since the past one-and-half years, when they came from Chennai. Around 7am, Srinivasan went out for a walk and at 7.25am, Narayani heard a knock on the door, said the police. \"Assuming that either the milkman had come or my husband had returned, I opened the door to find a thin man standing outside. He was wearing a sleeveless raincoat and his head was covered in a hood. When I asked him what he wanted, he did not reply. I repeated my question, but as he did not respond, I turned to close the door when he snatched my chain and ran towards the staircase,\" Narayani told TOI on Saturday. The chain was made of 10-tola gold.Narayani chased the thief till the stairs but he managed to flee. \"I ran back to my flat, shouting out for help, and looked out of the window. My brother, who has come over recently, has hearing problem and learnt about the theft only when he saw me running around. He also looked out of a window and spotted a youth leaving the building but it was too late,\" she said. \"Despite my cries for help, none of the neighbours came out. The building chairman later enquired about the incident.\" Even the watchman denied seeing anyone fleeing, said cops.According to Powai police senior inspector Bhajirao Bhosale, two teams have been formed to nab the accused. \"Going by the description provided by the victim, the accused is thin and around 5.5-ft tall. The culprit seems to have easy access to the building, like domestic helps, milk and paper vendor and security guards. He is also aware of the elderly couple's routine,\" Bhosale said. Jayprakash Shetty, the owner of the flat, also agrees that the accused was well aware of the family's daily activities. \"The thief chose to strike just minutes after Srinivasan left for his walk,\" said Shetty.Srinivasan, who returned from his walk soon after, is relieved that his wife, daughter and brother-in-law are all safe. \"We came to Mumbai for my daughter's treatment and took this flat on rent. My wife's brother had told her not to wear such costly chains in Mumbai, but as she hardly steps out of the house, she never expected such things would happen,\" the retired banker from Chennai said.One of the watchmen, Pankaj Sharma, said guards Shivranjan Sarkar (30) and Chandrakant Mistri (50) were on duty when the incident occurred. \"Sarkar was employed a month ago. He claimed he did not see anyone running out of the building. We are probing if he is lying. So far, we have detained more than 15 people,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14924255", "title": "These insects aren\u2019t bugs", "text": "You may have zipped past this institute on Bellary Road. Not even given it a second look. Inside is a mysterious world of insects. From the Himalayas to the Andamans, and some even from other countries, insects here are carefully documented in a controlled atmosphere.Step into one of the research labs, and the strong odour of camphor takes you by surprise. You would have to squeeze yourself between the rows of lockers as the official in charge opens some of them and shows you their fascinating contents \u2014 insects of all shapes, sizes and colours, 1 lakh of them. Most of these preserved insects are still not identified by the human race.The insects are preserved so beautifully that they look almost real, and are stored with their family name and habitat. The National Bureau of Agriculturally Important Insects, which comes under the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, does breakthrough research on six-legged creatures and their biological facets. It collects, characterizes, documents, exchanges and utilizes insects to help the farmer and his livelihood.The institute's collection dates back to the 1950s, and might soon be turned into a national depository of insects. The camphor, says institute director Dr NK Krishna Kumar, is to keep away live insects, which might feed on the preserved ones.\"We work on insects that create a direct loss to crops, spread diseases and are beneficial to us. As 75% of the animal kingdom comprises insects , they are one of the most vital links that keep the world going,\" he said. The institute focuses on biologically controlling plant pathogens. Two years ago, when a pest called papaya mealybug invaded India and posed a serious threat to papaya , mulberry and tapioca, farmers approached the institute. Insecticides had failed to help them. NBAII imported three species of parasitoids from Puerto Rico and saved Indian crops. This is just a sample of what they do.Of the many curious things around is a quarantine building where \"anything that goes inside does not come back\". This is where invading pests are quarantined. The doors are fitted with negative pressure, which makes it difficult for them to be opened, bringing down the chances of letting the insects out. They conduct in-depth study on the biosafety of accidentally introduced insects.In their ambitious Vision 2030, the institute aims to strengthen taxonomy, mass production of beneficial insects , genome sequencing and a series of outreach programmes . But the problem, the director says, is that of human resource. \"There are only 25 entomologists in the country. There are only eight taxonomists. But there are 750 families and each family consisting of thousands of varieties. There are not too many institutes offering courses on it either,\" he said.There are people from various genres working in the institute . Malathy Chitrala is a computer engineer who is developing a website on insects. Then there is Rajeshwari SK who has been a curator with the institute for 20 years now. \"My job is to preserve insects once they are identified by the scientist along with the right family. My father was an entomologist and that's how I got interested,\" she said.Ankita Gupta, an entomologist , agrees with Rajeshwari on how only a passion can drive them through such a job. \"When you get deeper into the subject, it sucks you in. It's so unique and special to me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14927825", "title": "5% mandatory bio-petrol on cards to cut fuel import bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will soon move for mandatory blending of petrol with ethanol (EBP), pegging the target at 5%, in what could be a first step towards reducing the escalating fuel import bill.The move for mandatory EBP would overrule the recommendation of PM's economic advisory council (PMEAC) that blending be kept optional to deal with fickle supply of the bio-fuel.Such a decision would put India in the select band of countries with mandatory bio-petrol. India has struggled to get petrol blending off the ground, despite a Union Cabinet decision in 2010.Seeking to kick-start the frozen policy objective, the PMEAC had recommended that uncertainty over availability of ethanol could be dealt by making EBP optional \u2014 the oil marketing companies could be given the choice to have higher targets when ethanol supply is bountiful and lower in an adverse year.However, the new and renewable energy ministry has moved a Cabinet note recommending that EBP should be mandatory with 5% target for oil companies. It said PMEAC's optional EBP should not be considered.Fuel blending has been suggested as silver bullet to India's elusive search for a sort of antidote to huge oil imports, which render economy hostage to price volatility in international markets. It is also seen as a long-term solution to reducing dependence on fossil fuel while increasing the energy efficiency of the fuel.The crux of the fresh start over EBP \u2014 in the form of Cabinet proposal \u2014 is the intractable issue of pricing of ethanol.Now, the renewable ministry has left it to the Union Cabinet to pick between the formula proposed by the Saumitra Chaudhuri committee and PMEAC's recommendation that price be left to market forces.Chaudhuri panel's suggestions peg ethanol at Rs 27 per litre with a floor price of Rs 23 and a ceiling price of Rs 31.The renewed push to EBP has already hit a rough patch, with chemicals and fertilizers ministry flagging its concern that mandatory EBP would hit the chemicals industry hard.In a dissent note, the Union chemicals ministry has argued that 5% EBP would require 105 crore litres of ethanol annually, even though oil companies could procure only 36 crore litres last year. It has argued that mandatory EBP would hurt chemicals industry by diverting its share of ethanol to oil companies. Even the PMEAC said that India cannot depend on ethanol's largest producers like Brazil and the US.The Cabinet proposal, instead, has recommended that chemical industries ink long-term contracts with ethanol producers for upto 50 crore litre annually.The pricing of ethanol has been a politically sensitive issue. While key UPA ministers were seen to push for higher administered price for ethanol so that it improved the earnings of sugar industry, there have been suggestions that the sugar lobby should not be allowed to exploit EBP.PMEAC also recommended that ethanol price be determined by commercial processes, and not be aimed at helping out an individual sector (read sugar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14916148", "title": "'Contribute in nation building'", "text": "AMRAVATI: While addressing a graduation ceremony of Government College of Engineering held on Saturday, chairperson of Management Council of IIT, Vijay Bhatkar, urged students to work for the betterment of the society and nation building. He also asked them to work for the environment.Bhatkar said 21st century belonged to India. \"When it comes to technology, India will rule the 21st century. While celebrating our headways in technology, we should also give a serious thought to problems facing our country. Some of them include agrarian crisis, irrigation, slums and economic disparity. As engineers, you should think about eradicating them and contributing to the development of the nation,\" he said.Explaining students about five important aspects needed in campuses of engineering colleges, Bhatkar said campuses should have enough greenery. \"Engineering and environment should go hand in hand,\" he said, adding, \"Secondly, digital infrastructure is very important.\" Bhatkar said engineering students should also not neglect Biology as it is a very important subject and should be included in the study. He also stressed the importance of academic reforms.Vice chancellor of Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University, Mohan Khedkar, too addressed the gathering.563 students of BTech and MTech courses were awarded degrees on the occasion.Gurudatta Avinashe, Dipak Purohit, Virag Ladole, Girish Agrawal, Minal Chopde, Harshada Mankar and Vivek Somani bagged gold medal for securing first position in merit list of BTech exam. Principal of college, deans of various faculties and students were present at the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921086", "title": "Private firm staffer held for cheating boss", "text": "HYDERABAD: An employee of United Agro Engineering Pvt Ltd, Ranigunj, was arrested for cheating his employer by fraudulently withdrawing Rs two lakh, on Saturday. He was held from his residence in Sindhi Colony, Secunderabad.Task Force police said B Srinivas Kumar, a typist of United Agro Engineering, wrote his name on a cheque issued by K Dinesh, director of the company, and withdrew cash. \"On July 2, Dinesh signed a cheque for one of the transporters. However, Srinivas Kumar, instead of writing the name of the transporter, wrote his own name on the cheque and deposited in his account before withdrawing an amount of Rs two lakh for his own use. Rs 1.05 lakh was recovered from him,\" DCP (Task Force) Ch Ramchander said in an official release issued here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14919786", "title": "Facilitation camps for intellectually disabled in South Goa soon", "text": "MARGAO: For almost two decades in South Goa, people with intellectual disabilities had to face great difficulties in making several trips to the Institute of Psychiatry &amp; Human Behaviour (IPHB), Bambolim; to Hospicio Hospital and the district collectorate in Margao just to get legal guardianship. The long process of getting themselves medically examined and evaluated to get a medical certificate, to get the legal guardianship was of utmost importance to these people to avail 'equal opportunities, protection of their rights and full participation' under the Persons with Disabilities Act, 1995.South Goa district authorities, taking cognizance of the problems faced by the families of such people, in a much appreciated move, has decided to organize regular day long camps for people with intellectual disabilities. What's more important and offers a great relief to these families, is that these camps will be organized at each taluka in South Goa and will have the entire machinery in place to deal with the two processes - being issued the medical certificate and being issued legal guardianship.South Goa district collector N D Agarwal along with the Margao municipal council (MMC) had organized such a camp at the ESI hospital, Margao, and anticipating the huge crowds called upon the services of clinical psychologists from NGOs such as 'Sangath' besides the services of mental health professionals and district administration staff. \"We have completed the first formality by holding the medical camp certifying that he is or she is a person with intellectual disability,\" said Agarwal.It is to be noted that under Section 14 of the National Trust Act, the Local Level Committee headed by the District Collector is empowered to appoint legal guardians for persons with autism, cerebral palsy , mental retardation and multiple disabilities. It also provides mechanism for monitoring and protecting their interests including their properties.\"As they could not go to the IPHB hospital, the camp is organized to give service to them,\" said Agarwal, while pointing out that the local administration body was looking after creating awareness for the same as well as creating transport facilities to the camps. \"They will be given medical certificates and later guardians would be officially appointed to them to pursue with the available assistance to them through the government,\" added Agarwal.Dr Dorren Dias, senior psychiatrist at the Hospicio hospital, explained that at these camps, screening of the people are done where they have to undergo tests. \"The testing is done by clinical psychologists and then they are evaluated by mental health professionals,\" added Dias, while explaining how they obtain a medical certificate.Agarwal further pointed out that people with intellectual disabilities do not get any assistance from any government departments without the certificate.\"He or she is not entitled to file an application or open a bank account,\" Agrawal said, while adding that similar camps have already been scheduled to take place at Chicalim hospital in Vasco and other such medical centres at Canacona, Quepem and Sanguem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14915688", "title": "Orange farmers stare at Rs 600cr loss", "text": "NAGPUR: For the second consecutive year orange growers in the region are facing the prospects of huge losses as the mrig bahar variety did not get conducive conditions to bloom. While rainfall has been scanty and uneven, the weather conditions too have not been good. High temperatures, little humidity and less moisture have resulted in the non-flowering of the crop in entire Vidarbha. Experts peg the loss at around Rs 550-600 crore.A team of scientists from Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and officials from the state agriculture department, conducted a survey of the crop in three talukas in Amravati district on Friday. They guesstimate the loss to be around 85-90%. Senior members of the Maharashtra Orange Growers' Association (MOGA) too were part of the team that surveyed different villages in Morshi, Warud and Chandur Bazar talukas.Ramesh Jichkar, the managing director of MOGA, told TOI that the crop is failing for the second time in the last five years. \"We have no option but to demand adequate compensation from the government,\" he said. \"Last year some farmers got minimum production cost. But, this year, almost entire Vidarbha is facing losses. Our team saw no flowering in almost all orchards in Amravati district. The situation in Nagpur district is also the same,\" he added.MOGA hopes to present the bleak picture to the state horticulture minister Vijay Kumar Gavit on June 25.MOGA has called upon state government to compensate the orange-growing farmers in the district. Making a case for the orange growers is former agriculture minister Harshvardhan Deshmukh who is the president of MOGA and a big-time farmer himself. The team was conducting the crop survey at his behest.According to Ramesh Jichkar, managing director of MOGA, out of the two lakh hectares of orange grown in the state, more than 50% (1.6 lakh hectares) is in Amravati district. Of this, 60% orchards are productive ones. The average yield in these orchards is 10-12 tons per hectare. \"Last year, the crop had fetched us just Rs17-18,000 per ton. This year it may go up to Rs25 to 30,000 per ton. But it will not even help us recover the minimum expenditure of Rs200 per tree that is used on fertilizers and sprays,\" said Jichkar.A disturbing factor for the farmers is that the government does not consider temperature and humidity as the triggering factors for compensation. It takes only rainfall into account.Rajendra Wankhede, a specialist from the PDKV who was a member of the survey team, confirmed that dry spell in June, very low humidity and high temperature added to the problem. \"The orchards we visited have just vegetative growth but no flowering,\" he said.ND Parlawar, associate director of research at Yavatmal's Zonal Research Institute, RN Jane, PDKV entomologist, Dilip Lad, taluka agriculture officer, and AP Phuse, a scientist from the Krishi Vigyan Kendra, were the other members of the inspection team. It visited Dapori, Lehgaon and Wagoli villages in Morshi taluka, Jamgaon, Nagzari, Jharnad, Shendurjana ghat and Loni villages in Warud taluka and Ghatlardki and Virodi villages in Chandur Bazar taluka.VJ Shivshankar, director of the city-based National Research Centre for Citrus, agrees that almost 90% of the orchards have not flowered at all. Ideally, orange requires at least 150mm of rain in June along with suitable weather conditions including 27-29 degrees Celsius temperature, 80-90% humidity and at least one spell of 50mm rainfall. \"But we can still wait for another 10 days or so for some chance of flowering in orchards,\" he said.Shridhar Thakre, president of Maha Orange, former MLA Sunil Shinde and Manoj Jawanjal, secretary of Nagpur Orange Producers Association also confirmed complete failure of the mrig bahar crop. \"Almost 65-70% of orange growers take this crop while remaining 30% take ambia bahar. Mrig bahar brings fruits in market from February and maximum earning to farmers from any crop,\" said Jawanjal.Another major problem this year which has compounded the problem of farmers is that farmers could not insure the crop. \"The government announced the insurance policy at the last moment and gave the farmers just six days to complete the process (June 9 to 14). Only the farmers who take loan for crop came to know about it while others did not even know about the dates,\" said Jawanjal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14944929", "title": "Tourism department to update signboards across Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tourism department has decided to update the road signs in Kerala to include new areas of tourist interest.The process was last initiated by the tourism department in 2005. Green remains the colour of choice for signboards. National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (Natpac) has been entrusted with the task of preparing a detailed project report. The Rs 25 lakh project is likely to be completed in a year. \"Natpac has suggested that the distance between sign posts on all major highways should be reduced from 10km (present margin) to 5km. We have a suggestion - include a map indicating hospitals and ATMs at Kovalam and Varkala at entry points and major junctions of these locations. The department will decide what needs to be done,\" said Natpac technical officer T Ramakrishnan.With tourism department adding new locations every year, the development of a comprehensive sign strategy will link people to destinations and enhance visitor awareness of what the area has to offer. The tourism department has decided to stick with green as the Indian Roads Congress (IRC), the authority on standard and design for Indian roads, does not stipulate a colour code for signs. But retro-reflective boards in accordance with IRC regulation would be installed. Maintenance would be undertaken every six months by an agency hired on contract, said the Natpac official.According to the 2005 list, Kerala has 1,400 signboards containing information about tourist centres and the nearest district headquarters. The state capital tops the list with 220 signboards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918307", "title": "Anti-Haemophiliac Factors unavailable in government hospitals, patients suffer", "text": "LUCKNOW: Patients and attendants down with haemophilia are suffering due to unavailability of Anti-Haemophiliac Factor (AHF) in government hospitals and medical colleges. Haemophilia is a genetic disease marked by excessive and uncontrolled bleeding of wounds due to lack of coagulants in the patient's blood. An anti- haemophiliac factor is the only thing that can help a haemophilia patient battle against infections and injures to lead a visibly normal life.The fact came to fore recently at a meet organised by the Lucknow chapter of the Haemophilia Society. Secretary, Vinay Manchanda said, \"Hospitals have run out of anti- haemophiliac factor stocks and patients are running from pillar to post to manage a stock for them. In fact, five persons have died due to unavailability of life saving factors.\"Manchanda added that it is the responsibility of the government to provide the best treatment to patients, especially when life threatening disorders such as haemophilia is concerned. \"We also have a right to live,\" he asserted. He informed that till 2011, state government allocated funds for procurement of anti- haemophiliac factor. The provisions are yet to be made in the present fiscal. He urged the government to attend to their plight at the earliest.Statistics show that haemophilia affects one in 10,000 persons in the world. It is estimated that there are close to one lakh haemophilia-A patients, while at least 50,000 persons are living with severe haemophilia. Of these, less than 15% have been diagnosed. Only 12,500 people with haemophilia receive treatment says the Haemophilia Federation of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14944853", "title": "Only 26% books distributed to govt and aided schools", "text": "VARANASI: So far only 26 per cent of the required textbooks for primary and upper primary classes have been distributed by the district basic education department to various government and government aided schools.Although the new academic session has began from July 02, the procurement of textbooks lags behind its desired target. According to Paramhans Singh Yadav, Basic Shiksha Adhikari (BSA), so far the requirement of books in primary schools has been met by 12 per cent while in upper primary schools the requirement is met by 14 per cent. Earlier the department had fixed July 05 (30% distribution) and July 20 (100% distribution) as its deadlines for the distribution of textbooks.It is noteworthy that district basic education department in its stock has obtained only 57 per cent textbooks so far and the department is still awaiting for its complete share of books.\"We are waiting for some more books, which are expected to arrive by July 18 after, which 60 per cent of the total required books will be made available in each school by July 21\", informed Yadav. Unable to divulge a fixed time frame within, which the textbooks will be made available to students, the department is still awaiting books from the publishers and is targeting July 31 as the tentative deadline for complete distribution of books.It is noteworthy that as per the guidelines of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, all the students under primary and upper primary levels must be distributed free text books each year. However, last academic session witnessed immense scarcity of text books in schools till September, which besides dampening the spirit of studies among students and teachers also caused the academic programme to suffer a lot.Notably, when a particular slot of textbooks arrive, a committee consisting of official of the department checks the quality of books, their binding, and paper. Once the inspection work is done books are sent to all eight blocks from where the books are distributed to each primary and upper primary schools. According to Yadav, it takes 2 to 3 days for books to reach the concerned school once the inspection work is completed.There are a total of 20 books from class I to class V while a total of 60 books suffice the curriculum of class VI to class VIII.According to data collected from BSA office, district needs 8,30,400 books for primary section while 13,85,406 books are required for upper primary sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14943130", "title": "LiLo loses brake-fail excuse after Porsche tests", "text": "Car company Porsche have said that Lindsay Lohan's brakes couldn't have failed last month -- moments before she slammed her Porsche into an 18-wheeler -- because they tested the car after the crash and the brakes did not malfunction.Lohan blamed faulty brakes for the accident, telling friends she slammed on the brakes when the truck allegedly cut her off and nothing happened.According to reports, Porsche contacted the company that rented Lohan the vehicle, asking if it could formally test the car, after the actress blamed the brakes, TMZ.com reported.Porsche ran its tests, finding the brakes that had been installed on the car were A-OK, and showed no evidence of malfunction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941389", "title": "Man gunned down in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A 45-year-old man was shot dead by unknown assailants on Friday night. His body was recovered from Dhurwa locality on Saturday morning. However, the deceased was unidentifiable as his face badly crushed by bricks.ASP Hatia Indrajeet Mahatha said prima facie it looks like the man, hailing from Patna, was shot dead here. Cops found the check shirt which the deceased was wearing, was tailored in Patna by a certain Sai Tailor.Police are in touch with their Patna counterpart to investigate the issue. \"We are investigating if any missing case has been filed in Patna,\" said officer-in-charge of Dhurwa police station, B N Singh.A bullet was pumped into the chin of the deceased. The site from where the body was recovered is a deserted one. The body was sent for autopsy. tnnIn another incident, another body was recovered from Sadhu Maidan in Kokar industrial area on Saturday. Nagendra Paswan (35), however, did not have any injury mark on his body.The deceased, a labourer of an unorganized sector was an alcoholic. \"It is likely that he had drunk a lot last night leading to his death,\" said Jaganath Oraon, officer-in-charge of Sadar police station.Nagendra hailed from Nalanda district of Bihar. His wife had abandoned him around a year ago and he was depressed. He was living in Tiril locality for the last one year.Police have informed his relatives in Nalanda district about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917464", "title": "Boy claims he killed 2 for realtor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor apprehended last week for shooting at a person near Madangiri has reportedly confessed to working as a hitman for Ambedkar Nagar based property dealer Ravi Gangwal, who is on city police's watch list.Additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry told TOI, \"The 17-year-old has admitted that he murdered two other people in 2010 and 2011, both Gangwal's rivals, at his instance. The youth was not even paid for his acts. He was under the impression that he would earn notoriety as a dreaded criminal if he followed Gangwal's instructions''.Police said Gangwal and his associate Nakul have been arrested on the youth's statement.\"We recovered a revolver from Gangwal and one homemade revolver from Nakul. They accepted that they were using the minor for murdering their business rivals in the Kalkaji-CR Park and Ambedkar Nagar areas. The accused also went away to Vaishno Devi every time the minor was planning an attack. Gangwal's plan was to ensure that the minor, even if apprehended, would be tried under the juvenile justice Act, not the harsher penal sections. It is altogether another matter that the juvenile was just 15 days from coming of age before he attempted to kill a third person,'' said an investigating officer. Police believe he was planning a fourth attack as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14925343", "title": "Cat carcass revives fire memories in Patiala hospital", "text": "PATIALA: Though hundreds of animals die without attracting the attention of people, a carcass of cat kept police and medical authorities of Patiala on tenterhooks for over 24 hours. Since it was spotted in the children nursery of Rajindra Hospital, Patiala, where five newborn babies had died in a fire three years ago, labourers mistook it as skeleton of a newborn baby and a special medical board was constituted on Saturday to look into the matter.On Friday evening, at around 5.15 pm, some labourers, working on renovation of the children nursery, saw a carcass lying in a damaged room of the nursery. Mistaking it as skeleton of a newborn, labourers immediately informed some patients and within minutes, news spread in the hospital. Deputy medical superintendent (DMS) of hospital, Dr Harshinder Kaur, also reached the hospital within 30 minutes. However, but the time she reached, the labourers had left the premises with the room keys, after locking the gates of nursery.\"I, along with other senior authorities, remained under stress all night as the matter was very sensitive. We were in touch with senior police authorities of district, who also thought that the labourers must have found the skeleton of newborn baby, who must have died three years back,\" said Dr Kaur.On Saturday morning, Kaur constituted a special medical board, which conducted a forensic examination of the carcass, after opening the locks of the room. The board included Dr Kaur, Dr SS Oberoi from forensic medicine department and Dr Deedar Walia. During the examination of carcass, some senior police officers were also present.In the wee hours of January 31, 2009, a fire had broken out in the neo-natology unit of Govt Rajindra Hospital due to electric short circuit. Within minutes, it had reduced the entire incubator and phototherapy unit into ashes. Five infants, including two girls, were burnt alive while five others were critically injured in the fire. Since then, the nursery was lying closed and the repair was started only a few days back.\"The cat seems to have entered the room through the damaged roof. But since there was no other way to come out, it apparently died inside the room,\" said Dr Kaur, after completing the examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919028", "title": "NRI girl files complaint of rape in CID custody", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 40-year-old woman gave an application of complaint to Meghaninagar police station on Saturday alleging that the state CID (crime) officials raped her in custody earlier this year. She alleged that the rape was meant to intimidate her into signing documents related to land worth crores that would settle a case.According to a complaint by Smita (name changed), a resident of Edison in US and native of Vadodara, her father was severely ill in March 2010 when she had come to India and came in contact with his confidante Arvind Jani and Jayesh Dave. As his health aggravated, the duo schemed against him and siphoned off 168 acres of land near Rajkot for Rs 76 crore against estimated price of Rs 1,000 crore.Smita filed a civil lawsuit in the matter and went on to fight the case till Supreme Court. The court ordered Rajkot trial court to dispose off the case in four months on January 23. In May, the verdict came in favour of her. As per her complaint, the trouble started after that as the duo tried to threaten her and her family members with death threats and even took her to meet influential persons in Ahmedabad. When nothing worked, the duo got a power of attorney holder Divyang Jha to file a case against her of cheating.\"She has mentioned in her complaint that CID (Crime) officials came knocking on her door in Vadodara on May 23 midnight. At that time, there was no woman constable with the officials. She was kept at Makarpura police station and then taken to Ahmedabad at CID's office in Meghaninagar. The investigating officers did not question her in 24 hours and even then sought remand of five days from the magistrate,\" said a Meghaninagar police station. She has alleged the CID (Crime) officials to play hand in glove with the complainants as both Jani and Dave were present at the office. She mentions that since first night of the custody, she was subject to rape by Dave, Jha, a police inspector identified as Shaikh and an unnamed fourth person referred to as mentally unstable by staff at the CID office. She mentioned that CID (Crime) chief PP Pandey also came one night and molested her.She was sent to Sabarmati central jail after police custody. After consultation with her lawyer, she informed US consulate in Mumbai on June 20. She got bail on July 11 and went to Vadodara before coming back to the city and giving application. The senior city police officials transferred the probe to women police station and appointed Rathod as supervising officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915284", "title": "Symbiosis's undergraduates to study developing of low carbon society for Pune", "text": "PUNE: The students of the Symbiosis Centre of Management Studies (undergraduate) have undertake a research on developing low carbon society scenario and a roadmap for the city. This research project is being undertaken jointly with the National Institute for Technical Teacher's Training and Research (NITTTR), Bhopal and the School of Planning and Architecture (SPA), Bhopal, which will be the knowledge partners. The research project will make projections for the next thirty years.Anupama Suresh Rawat, director SCMS (UG) told TOI that the one-year research project will come up with a plan for the development of low carbon society for Pune. \"A model for low carbon society scenario has already been developed for cities like Bhopal and Ahmedabad. We will use the model and the techniques but there will be some changes to make a separate plan that will suit Pune,\" she said.\"We have started the research work and will make future projections of how Pune will look like after thirty years. The emission level of pollutants, their sources, the present level, projections and mitigation measures will be studied to finally come up with a low carbon society policy,\" Rawat said.The students will be involved in collecting data and survey. Secondary data will also be collected for the study and faculty from NITTTR will be part of this project.According to Rawat, there is a need for more research to be taken up by students, and this project has been undertaken to address the lacuna. \"We look forward to cooperation from local self-government bodies like the Pune Municipal Corporation, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and other organisations for support and funding. Their participation will play an important role as the projection is for the city,'' she said.The Symbiosis Centre of Management Studies (undergraduate) commemorated its foundation day by organising a conclave on environment to spread awareness about a low carbon society on Thursday. Krishna Kumar, scientist Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), Pune, addressed the students on emissions scenario and its contributors. He gave an overview of global greenhouse emissions and observed that even though per capita pollution in India is less than the US and the European Union nations, there has been a rapid growth in the last ten years.There are risks associated with rising global temperatures in terms of water shortage, spread of diseases and the occurrence of coastal floods, he said, adding that here lies the importance of studies related to low carbon society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14947683", "title": "Dipendu happy to be back with Mohun Bagan", "text": "KOLKATA: Former India striker Dipendu Biswas is once again back with Mohun Bagan, having signed for the green and maroons this year. This was the very club that he first played for just after graduating from the Tata Football Academy in 1996. That kicked-off what has been a phenomenal journey so far by Dipendu.And, he is happy to be once again donning the green and maroon jersey. \"I am so delighted to be back with Mohun Bagan again. I have so many fond memories playing for this club,\" Dipendu said.It was in the season 2007-08 when the former India striker last played in the I-League, turning out for Bagan's arch-rivals East Bengal.He is quite easily past his prime now but he is still hopeful of making his mark in the team that boasts of strikers like Okolie Odafa and may be also Tolgay Ozbey, whose move to Bagan is being contested by East Bengal officials.\"I want to score as many goals as possible and win many trophies for the club,\" he said, adding \"Also, as a senior member of the squad, I will help and guide the youngsters.\"Dipendu is truly putting in his best efforts in the pre-season training sessions, with Bagan's new coach Santosh Kashyap calling him a vital member of the squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947868", "title": "Scheme to promote bicycling soon", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration and Directorate of Urban Land Transport (DULT) are on a mission to promote bicycling in Mysore. DC P S Vastrad told at a meeting on Friday that they are initiating a Public Bicycle Scheme (PBS) under which one can hire bicycles from specific points and then leave them at another point, to promote bicycling in Mysore and to arrest carbon footprints.The campaign 'pedal to work' has got off well among the district employees and now they want to take it to the next level by involving the public. The administration held a discussion on Friday with officials attached to regional transport offices, education department, police and heads of educational institutions at the deputy commissioner's (DC's) office for suggestions.They are planning to create bicycle lanes in the heritage core area, providing parking space and turning some of the traffic junctions bicycle-friendly. \"There are a lot of bicycle users in the city and we are now thinking of providing infrastructure for the same, the DC said, adding that the proposed scheme will be taken up once they complete the primary work of providing facilities.DULT special officer Shylendra Singh said they have done a survey in the city and have identified 24 places, including Mysore Palace, bus stands, railway station, tourism office, Karanji Lake and St Philomena's church in Mysore for the proposed PBS project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14938885", "title": "After S S Ahluwalia's defeat Chief Khalsa Diwan changes nominee just before Takht Patna Sahib Board election", "text": "JALANDHAR: After defeat of senior BJP leader S S Ahluwalia in Takht Patna Sahib Management Board election on June 17 and he could not even become its member last ditch efforts are being made by BJP's ally Shirmonali Akali Dal to gain control of the Board by getting its loyalist as President.During the political manoeuvrings Chief Khalsa Diwan, around a century old major Sikh organization, has changed its nominee in the Board. It has sought to change its nominee Jaspal Singh with Bhupinder Singh Anand. Both of them are from Delhi. Curiously copy of a letter written to District Judge Patna Sahib in this regard has also been sent to Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal even as Punjab CM has no official role in the election or nomination of a member by the Chief Khalsa Diwan.Jaspal Singh had voted against Ahluwalia in the June 17 election for fifteenth member of the Board and former Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Managing Committee member Harvinder Singh Sarna had won the election.The letter dated July 6 sent by Diwan secretary Santokh Singh Sethi, copy of which is available with TOI, said Jaspal Singh's nomination was withdrawn through a letter on June 29 and Anand was nominated on June 3. When contacted Diwan President Charanjit Singh Chadha claimed that they had nothing to do with any political party. \"Jaspal Singh was replaced after he himself expressed his inability to continue as a nominee in the Patna Sahib Board,\" Chadha claimed. However he could give any clear answer to the question that why was a copy of the letter written to District Judge Patna Sahib was sent to Punjab CM.Meanwhile it is learnt that Jaspal Singh had not sent his resignation from his nomination and election authority of Patna Sahib Board has also refused to accept the last minute change in the nominee by Chief Khalsa Diwan on its own.Meanwhile DSGMC President Paramjit Singh Sarna said that SAD leaders, while also using influence of Punjab Government, were trying to get control of the Patna Sahib Board. He said that Jaspal Singh would be attending the election meeting as a nominee of the Diwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919466", "title": "Lake lovers vow to resuscitate gasping water bodies", "text": "BANGALORE: They were up bright and early, the lake savers, on a cloudy Saturday morning. Nearly 500 Bangaloreans gave up their weekend sleep, converged at Ulsoor Lake and campaigned to wake the lakes of Bangalore.As early as 8.30am, they formed a human chain near Ulsoor Lake - old and young, locals and volunteers from various companies who came out to support the campaign.United Way Bangalore (UWBe), an affiliate of United Way Worldwide, initiated the campaign 'Wake the Lake' to conserve the city's few remaining lakes. The aim of the campaign is to assist BBMP to restore and rejuvenate dying lakes, which have been victims of rapid urbanization. The campaign is a year old and has been successful in mobilizing key stakeholders to save lakes in Bangalore. Ever since the launch of the campaign, it has initiated work on two lakes - Kaikondanahalli and Uttarahalli -- where community participation has ensured that neighbourhood lakes are rejuvenated.Sabu Thomas, UWBe chairman, said, \"United Way Bangalore launched this initiative last year to address the water situation in the city. Studies have indicated that by 2020, Bangalore will be left with only 78 litres of water per day per person, as opposed to the 150 litres required. This alarming fact reiterates the need to act jointly and with a sense of urgency. While the state government initiates work to restore dying lakes, it is our responsibility to take ownership of the lakes in our neighbourhoods. The 'Wake the Lake' campaign creates an opportunity for everyone to play their role in saving the city's precious lakes.\"Praxair India Pvt. Ltd, a global leader in industrial gases, has encouraged this initiative by joining the 'Wake the Lake' campaign as a corporate partner.Arif Ali from Ulsoor Residents' Welfare Association said: \"I have hundreds of childhood memories associated with the lake. When I narrate my childhood experiences to my kids, they remain incomplete without the mention of Ulsoor Lake. Along with me, there are thousands of people living here who are emotionally attached to the lake. We are happy and excited that BBMP is giving us an opportunity to get involved in its rejuvenation.\"Cricketer RP Singh , who attended the event, added: \"As citizens of Garden City, we should join hands to support this noble campaign to address the water crisis and environmental degradation in Bangalore. The campaign is truly an inspiring movement to protect the lakes of Bangalore. Restoration is of prime concern as our city is battling water shortage every day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14942266", "title": "Kamal Haasan\u2019s next co-star is a 7-year old girl", "text": "The indefatigable 57-year old Kamal Haasan's co-stars are getting younger by the week.If his co-stars in his recent films have ranged within the age-group of 22-35, in his next project which would be his Hollywood debut in the English language produced by Barrie Osborne, Kamal Haasan's co-star is a 7-year old!The hunt is on for a 7-year old American girl who will be cast opposite Kamal Haasan. But you can's apply for the job just because you're 7, female and Caucasian. The little girl would be in almost every frame with the actor. And she has to match his virtuosity.Admits Kamalji, \"It's not just about the girl looking cutely into the camera. She has to be able to act. That's the age at which I started acting, so I know exactly how it feels to be facing the camera when you're that age, so I'll be a very considerate co-star.\"Kamal Haasan describes his Hollywood debut as a study of civilization masquerading as an adventure story. \"There will be lots of activity on the surface and also below the line of visibility. It's actually an idea that I related to Barrie. He immediately liked it. I like the idea of working with a child.\"Interestingly Kamal Haasan's heroine in his new film Vishwaroop is no spring chicken either. Pooja Kumar who plays the lead is 35.Says Kamal Haasan, \"It was meant to be a girl who looks mature and sensible, since she plays a nucleur scientist. Which is why I thought of casting Sonakshi Sinha and Chitrangada Singh . It isn't about age. It's about looking capable and in-charge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14867102", "title": "Sunny Leone in Shekhar Suman\u2019s next?", "text": "The Adult film actress has been approached by Shekhar Suman to be in his directorial debut.Actor, tv presenter Shekhar Suman is keen on casting adult film actress Sunny Leone in his directorial debut as the lead heroine. The film will mostly have Shekhar's son Adhyayan Suman playing the hero. That however depends on Adhyayan's dates and availability clarifies the proud dad as his son has four films in hand already.Speaking of Sunny, Shekhar revealed, \"I will be coming up with my own first film. I will be directing it later this year. It's my directorial debut. I am in talks with Sunny Leone. I am keen on casting her not just for the oomph factor. She has an extremely beautiful face and that attracted me.\"Sunny has already stepped into Hindi films with Pooja Bhatt's Jism 2.Inputs: Vijayalaxmi Tiwari", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916580", "title": "Government Medical College team wins national pulmonary quiz", "text": "NAGPUR: Two teams from Government Medical College (GMC) won two positions at the podium during the annual Pulmonology Quiz organized by the hospital's chest medicine and TB department. While one team secured the top slot, another got the third rank. The second position was bagged by the team from KEM College of Mumbai.This was the second year that GMC hosted this annual national-level quiz and the questions were based on the MBBS courseware of respiratory medicine. Winners were Rohan Digarse and Soyaf Phajlani from GMC, first runners up were Satyajit Pawar and Gaurav Mutha from KEM and the second runners-up were Ameya Kawthalkar and Pankaj Jeswani from GMC.\"We are in final year of college, so we wish to win as many awards and trophies for the college as possible. It was fun preparing for the quiz as well. It gave us a better knowledge and helped us generate interest in chest medicine,\" said Ameya, president of GMC's quiz club as well as part of one of the winning teams.Quizmaster Dr Kunal Deokar, who is also a resident in the hospital, said it was difficult even to prepare the questionnaire for the quiz. \"We had to read all our earlier textbooks of physiology, anatomy and medicine to cull out the questions. The head of the department Dr Ghorpade also helped us a lot through this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924486", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 stir a success: Bar Council of India chief", "text": "MUMBAI: The two-day lawyers' strike to protest the proposed curbing of the law professional's powers over legal education was a \"100 percent success\", claimed Bar Council of India chairperson Manan Mishra. \"We have been able to draw attention of all MPs, MLAs and society at large,\" he told TOI on the sidelines of a state lawyers' conference in Pune on Saturday.The higher education and research bill, 2011, which has proposed a panel of one chairperson, three wholetime and three part-time members to govern syllabus and other aspects of legal education can not be passed, Manan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14918361", "title": "Govt reminder on farmhouse scam preliminary report", "text": "NOIDA: With the 15-day deadline for submitting the preliminary inquiry report on the alleged Noida farmhouse allotment scam having expired, the UP government on Friday sent a reminder to the Noida Authority chief. It demanded that the Authority chief, Rakesh Bahadur, submit the report within three days.The scheme was launched during the former BSP regime. Over 150 applicants were given plots after screening by a government-appointed committee through an open-ended farmhouse scheme in February 2009.A probe was ordered in May this year after a note was shot off by Noida CEO Sanjeev Saran to the UP government saying the plots of 10,000 sq m each were allotted to 120 companies and 29 individuals at low rates. The Authority had suggested that the inquiry be conducted by an external agency. On June 29, the CM chief minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered that the preliminary inquiry be conducted by the Noida Authority itself and a report be submitted within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14942431", "title": "Ravi Bopara maturing with age, says Graham Gooch", "text": "LONDON: England batting coach and former opener Graham Gooch believes that Essex cricketer Ravi Bopara , who has been in the form, is maturing with age.Mentor Gooch feels Bopara is much better prepared to handle Test cricket if the selectors give him another chance.Bopara, 27, has been named in the England squad for the first Test against South Africa at The Oval on Thursday, in place of Jonny Bairstow.He averages 34.56 from 12 Tests and has been in and out of the England side since his debut five years ago.Bopara has failed to grab his chance, despite hitting three centuries in a row against West Indies in 2009.He was, though, one of the leading lights in England's recent 4-0 one-day series thrashing of Australia and many feel he has finally come of age.Goochie, 58, said: \"He's been around the England side since 2006-07 and the lad is a talented performer. He's been in and out, done well at times and struggled at times.\"Gooch added: \"He got great talent and I think he now understands how he can translate it into performances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14942358", "title": "Social bodies for strict policing", "text": "GUWAHATI: Seeking urgent steps from the government to ensure safety of women in Assam, which is believed to be one of the safest places for women in the country, social organizations and women activists have demanded strict policing to stop atrocities on women in the state.Condemning Monday's incident of molestation of a 20-year-old girl on the busy GS Road in the Christianbasti area of the city, various organizations staged a dharna at Dighalipukhuri here on Saturday and demanded exemplary punishment for the culprits involved in the incident, which has shocked the entire country.Hasina Kharbhih, the CEO of a leading NGO called Impulse Social Enterprises, has demanded strict vigil by police near public spaces frequented by people. \"We want the Assam government to deploy adequate number of security personnel near public spaces like pubs, bars and discos. I think the girl who was molested on Monday is yet to attain the age which makes her eligible to enter a bar. So, the owners of such business establishments should check the age of youths before allowing them in. The licenses of the violators should be immediately cancelled,\" said Kharbhih.She also demanded rigorous punishment for the culprits involved in the molestation incident.Monisha Behal, chairperson of North East Network, one of the organizations which called the protest meet on Saturday, said various social bodies and individuals from Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura have also expressed solidarity with them.Expressing concern over the law and order scenario in the state, Sadau Asom Pragatisheel Nari Santha (SAPNS) has asked the Congress-led government in Assam to wake up for saving democracy in the state. \"In a democratic society, men and women have equal rights. But the molestation of a girl in the heart of the city reveals how women are still dominated in our society,\" said Junu Bora, vice-president of SAPNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941990", "title": "Nagri villagers shun govt meet", "text": "RANCHI: To the embarrassment of the state government, residents of Nagri village did not turn up for a high powered committee meet, convened to deliberate on the land acquisition issue. The villagers stuck to their stand that the committee should instead visit the village if it wishes to hold talks .The committee headed by land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahato met at the Administrative Training Institute (ATI) at 3 pm and waited for around half an hour for the villagers to turn up. On direction of the minister, the committee members along with officials of district administration later convened a closed door consultation to reschedule the meeting for Monday. \"We have decided to call the villagers at Birsa Agriculture University (BAU), which is close to their village at 12.30 pm on Monday and see if some amicable solution to the land acquisition row could be worked out,\" he said.People in Nagri village under Kanke block of the district have been protesting the land acquisition drive of the state government. Around 227 acre of land is being taken by the state for construction of central educational institutions like IIM, IIIT and central law university. The villagers had moved the Supreme Court last month, challenging verdict of Jharkhand high court that issued an order in favour of the state government. The petition of the villagers at the apex court was rejected on technical grounds following which they have been protesting the decision. The high court while hearing the petition of the bar council last Tuesday had directed the government to form a committee and file a report about the status of the progress of work. The bar council filed a petition demanding speedy completion of the project for national law university.Finance secretary Sukhdeo Singh, secretary of land reforms N N Pandey, commissioner of south Chhotanagpur division Surendra Singh and deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey were present at the meeting. They felt the committee would not be able to come up with its report to be submitted to the high court unless they are able to hold talks with the villagers. Mahato said that the committee is unwilling to go to the village akhra for holding talks because the matter has already reached the judiciary. \"We resolve issues at village akhra when the issue is confined to the village but in this case the matter has already reached the court and a judgment has also been passed,\" he said, clarifying that the committee is intervening only after being directed by the court to do so.Admitting that injustice has been meted out to the villagers, Mahato said he would have issued an order in favour of the villagers had the matter not been decided by the court. The minister stressed that the committee would be in a position to officially communicate the resentment and protest of the villagers only when they turn up before it and lodge their grievances formally.Earlier in the day, Mahato met JMM chief and steering committee chairman for the Jharkhand coalition government Shibu Soren to seek his guidance. \"Guruji has asked me to ensure protection of villagers' interest and even the chief minister wants to give them a patient hearing,\" he said.Nagri villagers on the other hand waited for the committee members throughout the day to come and visit them. One of the leaders of the protesting group Dayamani Barla remarked the government committee has decided to convene the meeting at BAU as it is afraid of visiting the village. \"Nevertheless, we expected at least an official communication to be sent to us in this regard. Anyway, we are ready to attend the meeting on Monday and present our five-point demand and convey to them that villagers will not part with the land,\" she said.The villagers' demands include waiver of cases against them, unconditional release of four protestors arrested by police, removal of police force from the farmers' fields and include at least three such members in the government committee who are well versed in provisions of law under Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act, fifth schedule of the Constitution and have a fair knowledge of tribal tradition and culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14940473", "title": "Firearms fascinate more women in city", "text": "INDORE: Firearms and guns are catching the fancy and imagination of Indore women like never before. This year in the first half gun licenses were issued to six women as against the 12 in the past year. Officials say the number would go up by the end of the year.In the past women hardly applied for gun licenses except for transfer of licenses issued in their late husband's name, said a senior official. But now, there are several applicants seeking license for fresh guns for self protection.Alok Singh, ADM, told TOI, \"Mostly, people want to possess gun for status symbol. The second category is about people who want it for self-protection. Many women also get the ownership of gun transferred in their name after the demise of their husbands\".As of now, there are a total of 10,652 persons living in the city have been issued gun licenses of which nearly 250 are women, as per official records.Still, gender gap is clearly visible about the possession of guns and number of applications. Males outnumber the women in the number of applications and licenses. In the first six months of the current year about 1,057 applications were received of which 24 were by women. Of these six women were issued the license while the remaining cases are under process, said officials. During the same period 218 gun licenses were issued to the men.Of the total 1,057 applications the administration rejected 136 applications based on the recommendations of the senior superintendent of police (SSP).Presently, there are 13 gun sellers in the city. They feel that the demand for the lethal weapon has increased recently in view of the growing crime incidents.Saifu Bhai, owner of Indore Banduk Ghar, said, \"The women gun owners are basically those who got it after the death of their husband or father. Many want to keep the guns as memorabilia of the dear ones who left them forever.\"SSP A Sai Manohar said, \"Most of the applicants for licenses are farmers, traders or politicians. Applications are rejected only when the applicants carry a previous criminal records and absence of a threat. There should be definitely one training centre in Indore to train the gun owners.\"Mostly, guns are supplied from the factories located at places like J&K;, Mandi ( Himachal Pradesh ) and Munger ( Bihar ). However, the 12-bore double barrel guns are highest in demand. People from remote places like Jhabua, Dhar, Shajapur and Rajgarh also come to Indore to buy guns.Brig AL Mishra (Rtd), who has got a 7.62 Chinese pistol in his possession with a magazine having a capacity of firing 18 rounds at a time, also feels that there must be thorough training facility for women gun owners.Presently there are no training facilities to train people about the use of firearms.Box-Licenses for womenYear No of licences issued2008 062009 022010 052011 122012 06 (so far)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "14917785", "title": "State shelves private role in power under union threat", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: A plan to privatize power distribution, which could have minimized the power pangs of cities like Gurgaon, has been shelved by the Haryana government.Sources say lack of political will has scuttled what could have changed the face of the power situation in Haryana as the government pandered to the demands of employees of the two discoms - Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) - to not privatize distribution of power. Now, sources say, with Haryana elections just two years away, there is little chance of the government implementing the project.The project was announced with much hype last year and was supposed to be implemented by March 2013. It entailed privatizing power distribution by giving out franchises in two circles - Gurgaon and Panipat - to begin with.The Union power ministry, in the minutes of meeting held in October last year, had claimed that the participation of the private power sector in the management of distribution of electricity has been encouraging.Officers in the Haryana power department point out how the model has been successfully implemented by many states.The input-based franchisee model of Bhiwandi in Maharashtra has been successful. Franchises have been appointed in Kanpur and Agra in Uttar Pradesh, Nagpur and Aurangabad in Maharashtra. The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) is also in the process of appointing franchisees in Jalgaon, Shil-Mumbra-Kalwa, Malegaon and Manmad.\"There was strong resentment among the rank and file of the two Haryana power utilities (HPUs) and both the workers' unions were against the system. We even gave the workers' unions an option to take control of the distribution networks. But they did not relent on their stand on stalling privatization even when they could not run the system themselves. Hence, the project had to be postponed,\" said Haryana power minister Ajay Singh.Gurgaon contributes monthly revenue of Rs 232 crore against DHBVN's total monthly revenue collection of Rs 500 crore, while Panipat contributes Rs 52 crore a month out of monthly revenue of UHBVN of Rs 350 crore. The two unions have over 20,000 workers on their rolls. The government first shelved the Gurgaon project, followed by the one in Panipat.\"Privatization is inevitable for better management of power distribution system, billing and to cut down technical losses,\" said Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman of CII's national task force on infrastructure. He also said that state government must consider privatizing power distribution in Gurgaon. \"The model has already worked well in cites like Agra, Kanpur and other places. Haryana government must consider it for Gurgaon,\" said Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14939144", "title": "Rayagada admininistration rolls up sleeves to ensure disease-free monsoon", "text": "KORAPUT: With the onset of monsoon Rayagada district administration has geared up to contain waterborne diseases like cholera and diarrhoea, which are known to infest the district during the season.\"Due to the profusion of streams and difficult terrains in the district, waterborne diseases are frequent here in monsoon. This year the administration has taken several precautionary measures to ensure diarrhoea and cholera do not strike the district. We want a casualty-free monsoon,\" said Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle.According to officials, a massive awareness drive against the disease has been launched in the district, as every year scores of people succumb to diarrhoea and cholera in the district during monsoon. While swasthya samavesh (health awareness camps) are being organized in the rural areas, posters, banners and leaflets are being distributed across the district, highlighting precautionary measures to prevent the diseases.Besides, video shows are being held at haats (weekly markets) to disseminate information against the disease and local artist groups have been roped in to stage street plays to spread awareness about the prevention and treatment of waterborne diseases. Though water bodies in the district have been purified, rural folk have still been cautioned against consuming polluted stream water and stale food.\"A network of officials comprising field staff of the health department will be responsible for scanning respective areas under their supervision for probable cases of diarhhoea and cholera, pass the information to higher authorities and will help in disseminating relief measures,\" the collector said.Officials said the diseases generally spread in the end of July and the month of August when the frequency of diarrhoea cases increase and chances of it turning into an epidemic is very high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14942360", "title": "One killed, 14 injured in Bechraji accident", "text": "PALANPUR: A school bus driver was killed, while 14 others, including two girl students, were injured when the bus carrying them overturned near Kharagam in Bechraji taluka of Mehsana district on Saturday morning.Police said the driver has been identified as Sanjay Patel of Ranela village. The bus is owned by Saraswati Vidyalaya located in the village.\"All the 14 injured were students of standard XI and XII of science stream in the age group of 16 to 17 years. They were on way to school when the bus overturned between Jhotana and Kharagam, about 40 km from Mehsana,\" Sangita Patel, mother of an injured student Anand said. Anand is admitted to Lions Hospital in Mehsana.Luckily there were just 14 students travelling in the bus, which otherwise has a capacity to carry 50 passengers. The cause of the accident is being ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14889017", "title": "SRK takes Yash Raj to Ladakh", "text": "TOI told you in May that Yash Chopra was toying with the idea of revisiting one of his favourite destinations, the Kashmir valley, as a backdrop for his directorial next starring Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif . The last time the snow-dusted valley featured in Chopra's films was in the 1976 blockbuster Kabhie Kabhie , after which the filmmaker, known for his choice of the most beautiful locales, had shifted his attention to the Swiss Alps for the longest time. So much so, the production house even conducted a recce of Kashmir, raising anticipation levels there. However, TOI now has it that the climax of Yash Chopra's yet-untitled film will be shot in Ladakh and not Kashmir, only because Shah Rukh suggested the venue. A source close to the film had said, \"Yashji loves the snow in Kashmir and has shot two of his most romantic films, Daag and Kabhi Kabhie , there. They need a snow-capped landscape for the climax. Hence, initially, he contemplated shooting in Kashmir.\" However, Shah Rukh came up with the idea of Ladakh, where he had shot for Mani Rathnam's Dil Se , and still has fond memories of the place, the source revealed. That's when and how the plan changed. So this winter, the film's unit will head for a ten-day climax shoot to Ladakh instead of Kashmir. Yash Raj Films' official spokesperson confirmed the news saying, \"The next schedule is in Ladakh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "notwithstanding its status of a growing city located less than 200km from mumbai, nashik continues to be populated by people and systems that reveal that it is still an overgrown village. if parents have to teach their child how to cross a road, the standard instructions are", "code": "14921898", "title": "Pangs of policing an overgrown village", "text": "Notwithstanding its status of a growing city located less than 200km from Mumbai, Nashik continues to be populated by people and systems that reveal that it is still an overgrown village. If parents have to teach their child how to cross a road, the standard instructions are: first look to your right, cross half the road, then look to your left before crossing the other half. But, in Nashik, this does not work. Parents have to instruct the child to look both sides before crossing any road.In Nashik, indisciplined motorists, including two-wheelers, three-wheelers, and four-wheelers, go unpunished for travelling on the wrong side of the road and the law.The crime scenario in Nashik, with criminals on speeding bikes snatching gold chains worn by women, vehicles, mainly bikes, being stolen daily (with over 1,000 stolen in 2011 and less than 300 recovered), autorickshaws not plying by meter and carrying half a dozen passengers at a time, burglaries and robberies, had prompted the state election commission in February to describe Nashik as the second most sensitive place in the state, only after Gadchiroli (where Naxalites are active) for holding the local elections. Besides, there were goons on the loose like Suhas Kande (a former MNS activist who joined the NCP), an aide of guardian minister of Nashik, Chhagan Bhujbal.Subsequently, the then police commissioner Vinod Lokhande went on an abrupt leave, never to return to his office. He was shifted out and after his unceremonious exit, Kulwant Kumar Sarangal took charge on February 10, just four days before the civic polls.Under the new police chief, the polls were peaceful and some notorious history-sheeters like Kande were externed. Over the past five months, the police presence in the city has increased, albeit intermittently, like a flash mob, and combing operations have taken place.However, the contentious issues still remain unsolved: vehicles continue to be stolen every day, chain-snatching, burglaries, robberies, traffic indiscipline and errant autorickshaw drivers. The police are still clueless about the vanishing vehicles, mainly bikes.Now, in a desperate move, the commissionerate has started showcasing personnel from special units like the rapid action force and quick response teams on the streets.It appears that the police force is at war with itself, with the holistic view of crime management and efforts to tackle it with an iron hand not trickling down the levels of the hierarchy right up to the constabulary level. Over the past five months, neither has strict action been taken against errant police personnel nor the cop-criminal nexus been established and rooted out. Besides, the small-town mindset of the silent majority in the city remains unperturbed and unmoved.Still basking in glory: The new district collector Vilas Patil, who took charge on June 2, appears to be still basking in the glory of his new executive posting and is yet to come to terms with the contentious issues waiting to be resolved.Even a month after taking over, Patil's itinerary mainly comprises meetings and receiving visitors. Bureaucrats point out that his generosity in meeting each and every person approaching him leaves very little time for actual work and decision-making. At any given day, people with bouquets, letters and memoranda can walk in, submit the papers and get themselves photographed.If a delegation of politicians wants to meet him, the size of the delegation is not limited to a few persons, but even 25 or 30 persons walk in and take their time for the photo-session with the collector.Some babus who have to interact with him and obtain signatures or discuss matters for decision-making have started cribbing as they have to wait for hours in his office. They point out that there are additional collectors, the resident deputy collector, heads of departments and other officials who can accept memoranda or letters on his behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14924402", "title": "\u2018Bystander effect typifies Indian psyche\u2019", "text": "* Earlier this week, a 20-year-old girl's molestation outside a bar in Guwahati for a half an hour in full public view shook the country.* In 2008, two NRI women were molested by a mob when they came out of J W Marriott in Juhu on New Year's Eve.* In 2002, a drunk man raped a mentally challenged girl in the second class compartment of a local train in the presence of five other commuters.These are not the only cases where bystanders have done little to raise an alarm or intervened in any way. Whether it is sheer apathy that leads to inaction or fear of getting entangled in long-drawn police and court battles or even fear for one's own life, the result remains that harassment of victims continues in full public view.Psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty calls it a complete collapse of the community consciousness. The \"bystander effect\" that paralyzes onlookers from taking action, he says, typifies the Indian psyche. \"We are taught from a very young age not to meddle in others' affairs. It's easy to sit in your drawing room and have conversations on standing up for what is right. But when it comes to helping someone who is not a part of your family or friends' circle, people tend not to intervene. Taking a stand and rocking the boat is not part of our psyche,\" he said.He likens the \"chronic disaster syndrome\" that India is going through to psychopathic liberation where people wreak havoc in a place stricken by disaster. \"Just as thefts are seen in places ravaged by earthquakes or wars, there is a collapse of the cultural superego, which is otherwise an inhibitor in these situations. The entire discourse of 'sanskriti' is largely ritualistic. In a globalised world, the child and the woman become the target to vent frustration,\" he added.However, instances like the deaths of Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29), who were stabbed on October 20 as they tried to protect their friends from an eve-teaser in Amboli, turned into a rallying point against sexual harassment. They intervened, but were killed. So what does one do in situations like this?\"There are different levels of intervention. People need to speak up,\" said Reuben's brother Benjamin, who is now working on a campaign to address the escalating number of sexual harassment cases, inaction on the part of bystanders and the prevalence and influence of a patriarchal society. He, along with playwright Alyque Padamsee, through the NGO 'Izzat ki Fauj' will aim to sensitize an \"apathetic\" society. The campaign, which is still to be rolled out, will be taken to schools and colleges.Padamsee said the best way is to use wits rather than guts. \"Onlookers can start screaming in unison very loudly. That can scare the perpetrators of crime. They should immediately call the police instead of taking the law into their own hands,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14942159", "title": "Uday Chopra takes Nargis home", "text": "The newest playboy in town reportedly introduced the model-actress to his parentsJust a couple of days ago, TOI told you how Uday Chopra , once the quieter, lesser-known of the two brothers, is turning out to be the industry's rather unlikely ladies man. After dating Parineeti Chopra briefly, Uday was spotted at a cosy dinner with Nargis Fakhri.Earlier, the two were seen sipping coffee at a suburban five star. The latest TOI has is Uday took his newest girlfriend home to meet his parents last week; something he has never done before, not even during his much-publicised affair with Kajol's sister Tanisha Mukerji.Needless to say, people in the neighbourhood of the Chopras' iconic bungalow in Juhu were taken by surprise when Uday walked in, Nargis in tow, proceeding to introduce her to his parents Yash and Pamela.Apparently, Chopra Sr had just returned from the London shoot of his directorial next starring Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif . We can only imagine what his reaction may have been.As for Nargis, Uday ensured she was dressed for the part. \"Nargis was at her best, clothes and attitude wise. The introduction made it clear that Nargis is very special in Uday's life,\" a source close to the Chopras told TOI.HEARDTHIS? Looks like Uday is well over his break-up with Tanisha. Reportedly, the Neal 'N' Nikki jodi had been going strong for many years and was headed straight for the mandap until Tanisha insisted on a pre-nuptial agreement to secure her future in case things didn't go happily ever after.Our source said, \"He is very, very serious about Nargis. They share a lot of common interests. This relationship is definitely something special,\" quickly adding, \"But what's wrong if someone hangs out at a friend's place?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923847", "title": "Hike in idol rates this Ganeshotsav", "text": "MUMBAI: Fourth generation sculptor Sunil Hazare from Pen taluka hardly finds time to rest these days. With barely days left for Ganeshotsav, Hazare is struggling to finish orders and dispatch the Ganpati idols. At least 500 Ganesh idols are waiting to be painted at his workshop in Kasar ali, a lane that once housed many coppersmiths but has given way to idol makers now.Hazare has already dispatched 2,500 Ganesh idols to Goa and another 100 have been exported to Mauritius for the Indian expats there. Orders from Mumbai and elsewhere are pouring. \"Every customer has a different taste, so we try to incorporate varied designs. More and more non-Maharashtrians are bringing home the idol during this festival, so the demand is increasing,\" he said.The mood in Kasar ali is upbeat with men and women in every household busy sculpting idols, painters giving final touches and packers and porters transporting idol boxes.The lane boasts of at least 40 workshops. Artists say that with the prices of raw materials like plaster of paris and colours rising, along with increase in price of fuel, customers could expect a 25-30% hike in prices of Ganesh idols as compared to last year.Wholesalers in Pen complained that though they sell the idols to retailers in bulk at lower rates, by the time the idols reach the cities, the rates double. \"It is the middlemen who make the most. Artists are paid peanuts,\" said third-generation artist Mahesh Wadke.Women, too, are involved in making idols in Pen during this time of the year. Vidya Deodhar chipped into idol-making when her father-in-law passed away and the responsibility to keep the business going came on to her husband, Anand. \"We fear we may be the last generation of Deodhars to make hand-painted idols, as our children don't seem interested in this art. More and more retailers prefer to buy raw idols made of moulds in bulk from villages like Amrapur and Joha and spray-paint them at retail outlets,\" said Anand. Emigration of skilled labour, too, remains a cause for concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14941324", "title": "4500 jobs up for grabs at Bokaro employment fair", "text": "BOKARO: The Steel City is gradually taking the shape of an industrial hub with the arrival of many companies in different sectors and has brought hopes of employment for the youths here.The employment fair organized by the regional employment exchange (REE) Bokaro is playing a vital role in bridging the gap between job providers and job seekers here.The REE has been organizing employment fair at frequent intervals since 2010 in the district.In past two and a half years, the REE has organized three employment fairs and as many employment camps in which 3,210 candidates have been provided jobs in technical and non-technical trade.The REE has again brought a reason to rejoice for the youths after it announced an employment fair on July 16-17 on the ITI campus in Chas. Unlike in the past, Electrosteel Casting Limited (ECL) will participate in the fair for the first time.However, this year the fair is going to witness less number of job opportunities in comparison to the fairs organized in the past two years, but the presence of the ECL has boosted the morale of the local youths. In the 2010 employment fair, 20 companies participated and offered 10,939 vacancies. The year 2011 witnessed two fairs in January and October in which 23 and 16 companies participated and offered 9,342 and 8,384 vacancies respectively.Assistant director of REE Saro Khakha said this time 23 companies have assured to participate in the fair announcing 4,500 vacancies. Of the companies participating, about 12 of them are of Bokaro while others are from outside.Maximum of these companies belong to insurance sector and security agencies operational in Bokaro, Ranchi and Jamshedpur. Hospital and automobile showroom of the district are also participating in it. This time a BPO company is also coming up offering 300 posts for customer care executives.Khaka said participation of the ECL would be the main attraction for the youths. It is coming up with 31 vacancies for technical candidates. \"We again this time have approached the Bokaro Jaypee Cement Limited (BOJCL), Electrosteel Steel Limited (ESL) and the ECL. Of them, the ECL gave its nod,\" she said.Khaka said there were about 84,000 technical and non-technical candidates registered with the exchange. \"They are putting effort to create a platform where candidates and companies interacts each others to solve the employment problems. The youths of the district have got huge potential in them, they only need an opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "14936696", "title": "Truck rams into tree on NH-8 in Anand, driver killed", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: A middle-aged truck driver died on the spot when the truck he was driving hit a road side tree on National Highway-8 in Anand district.According to police, the mishap occurred late on Friday when the truck reached near Boriyavi village on NH-8. It was raining heavily when the driver lost control over the truck and it hit the tree.While the driver died on the spot, cleaner of the truck received minor injuries. Police said the cleaner was taken to a primary health centre by Chaklasi police for treatment.Sources suggest the truck loaded with tar had started from Anand and was about to reach Nadiad in Kheda district when the mishap occurred. Although the police could rescue the cleaner, who had occupied the seat besides that of driver's, it took hours for the cops to remove the body of the driver as the front portion of the truck was completed trashed.It was only on Saturday noon that the truck wreckage was removed from the spot after the authorities hired a crane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14917099", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation sells firewood at Rs 2,100 but buys for Rs 4,491", "text": "NAGPUR: This is nothing less than a tale of utter wastage of public money.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is not only losing a large chunk of firewood and selling the remaining at Rs2,100 per tonne, it is also purchasing it separately at Rs4,491 per tonne. The mess stems from lack of coordination between two NMC departments and has resulted in a loss of over Rs20 lakh per year.The firewood that is piled up at the NMC's garden department is from trees which have been chopped as they are on the verge being uprooted, trimmed as they are obstructing traffic or camouflaging street lights and knocked down in case any genuine reasons. The department also collects the trees that have been uprooted due to natural causes. It has appointed a private contractor who collects the firewood and stores it near Ambazari Garden.A couple of contractors told TOI that up to 500 tonnes of firewood is generated every year from the city. \"But the entire lot never reaches the yard at Ambazari. The wood brought to the yard is dumped carelessly and that results in further wastage,\" they said.When TOI visited the yard, firewood was seen lying scattered everywhere. A huge quantity had rotted too.The garden department invites tenders to sell the firewood. In June 2009, it got a rate of Rs800 per tonne. In December 2011, it was up and fetched the NMC Rs2,100 per tonne.Now, the NMC's garden department should ideally be supplying the firewood to the health department which provides firewood free of cost at the 10 crematoriums in the city. However, the health department will soon be procuring it from the open market at a mind-boggling Rs4,491 per ton. The contract for procuring 6,675 tonne firewood per year for two years is in the final stage and has been placed before the standing committee for its consent.One doesn't have to be clever in maths to deduce that the NMC sells firewood at almost half the price it is procured. If the NMC utilizes the 500 tonne firewood generated from the city, public money of over Rs20 lakh per year could be saved.Garden superintendent NB Shrikhande said he is ready to supply the firewood to the health department. \"We have written a few letters but there has been no response from it,\" was his typical babu response.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said that the crematoriums require firewood cut in different sizes. \"We will need to appoint a contractor to cut firewood in required shapes and sizes,\" he said.Though the issue and the huge loss that is being incurred are known to everybody in the NMC, no one is ready to resolve the problem and save the corporation some money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917334", "title": "Railway workers suffer electric shock", "text": "KOLKATA: Two technicians of the electrical engineering department of Eastern Railway's Howrah Division received severe electric shocks while trying to repair overhead wires near the Bandel station on Saturday evening. They have been admitted sentto the railway hospital in Kanchrapara and were reported to be doctors said that their condition is serious.Sources claimed that a miscommunication led to the accident. The technicians were told that a 'power block' had been taken on the particular overhead line but they were thrown off the ladder as soon as they got close. An inquiry has been ordered into the incident. On Wednesday, a South Eastern Railway technician received an electric shock while repairing the pantograph of a local train at the carshed in Howrah's Tikiapara. After that accident, the victim's colleagues had blamed the supervisors of negligence.Trouble started at Bandel after 1.25 pm when two pantographs of a Howrah-Katwa local got entangled in overhead wires of the Up line. The pantographs broke and the overhead wires parted.Train movement along that route stopped immediately. Services in the Up line (from Howrah) were restored after 3.05 pm but the Down line continued to remain blocked. At 4.40pm, a 'power block' was apparently taken for the Down line.The accident occurred when the two technicians climbed the ladder on top of a tower van. They had just got close to the wires when they were thrown off and landed on the tracks.\"The injured technicians were first taken to the railway hospital in Bandel and from there to the Chinsurah Imambara Hospital. Later, they were shifted to the Kanchrapara Hospital. They couldn't be brought to Kolkata as Down trains were not plying,\" an Eastern Railway spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14941626", "title": "Governor J B Patnaik visits flood-hit Majuli, assures help", "text": "JORHAT: Governor J B Patnaik on Friday made an aerial visit in flood-hit Majuli to assess the damage caused by the floods and assured the flood victims of help to solve their flood problems.Addressing mediapersons at Garmur circuit house in Majuli, Patnaik also expressed his willingness to ensure protection of Majuli's unique heritage and culture. He said he would also extend his support in getting Unesco's World Heritage Site tag for the island.The governor asked the district administration to take proper steps for the rehabilitation of about 500 homeless families of Salmora area.The governor also held a meeting with officials of the district administration, water resource department and Brahmaputra Board, directing them to complete their flood protection and anti-erosion projects by March 2014.The governor, who was accompanied by water resource minister and Majuli MLA Rajiv Lochan Pegu, also visited a road breached at Mohorichuk area and directed the authorities concerned to repair the road due to the urgent need of communication.Over one lakh population of 81 villages in the hub of the vaishnavite culture was affected by the recent wave of flood. The flood submerged six satras and another four satras are under the threat of erosion. The governor also distributed relief materials to the affected people.In reply to the question put forward by the people of Sonowal Kachari regarding sand deposition in their homes and fields, the governor directed the water resources department to take immediate steps to remove the sand and make the land ready to be ploughed and the their houses habitable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915932", "title": "International conference on management", "text": "KOCHI: Mar Thoma College of Management and Technology, Perumbavoor will host an international conference on management practices and research in the emerging markets in the college on July 23.The one-day conference will be attended by professionals and executives from the industry, leading academicians, as well as research scholars and management students from across the globe.K C Venugopal, union minister, will inaugurate the conference, which will be chaired by Dr Joseph Marthoma Metropolitan. Dr Rajan Gurukkal, vice-chancellor of MG University, will deliver the keynote address.Dr Robert Brown and Dr Adam Bunnel from Bellarmine University, Kentucky, USA, Professor V Gopal from IIM, Trichy, and Dr Francis Cherunilam from Cochin University of Science and Technology, will present papers.The conference is aimed at providing an opportunity to participants to illustrate the ways in which business houses are responding to the emerging opportunities and challenges in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14921131", "title": "States\u2019 hold on NSG key NCTC proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Empowering states to requisition National Security Guard (NSG) and other special forces of the Centre is among half a dozen amendments to the notification for the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) that the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) would consider as it makes a fresh bid to get states to support the counter-terror body.Besides the proposal to keep the NCTC outside the Intelligence Bureau (IB), CCS will consider the changes to the original notification that is in abeyance following protests by several states.CCS would consider these changes in an attempt to assuage the grievances of the states, especially their complaint that NCTC powers encroached upon a state's domain in law and order. Placing NCTC out of IB would take care of the complaint of non-UPA chief ministers such as J Jayalalithaa that sweeping powers given to the proposed body to arrest and search would be misused by the intelligence agency, which has no parliamentary accountability, for purposes other than terrorism, the UPA believes.CCS's consideration could further pacify the agitated states and ensure that they have a larger role in national counter-terror strategies.The foremost proposal is to grant power to states to \"requisition\" the NSG as well as civil and military assistance for counter-terror operations. Now, both these powers are limited to the director of NCTC.Under the original order, the NCTC was granted the power to requisition the services of the NSG or any other Central special forces. The new proposal envisages that state governments would also be able to place \"requisition\" for such forces. It is a significant step forward from the existing rule, where states can only request the Centre for NSG or other special forces. The new norm would empower states to \"requisition\" not only NSG, but also the Marine Commandos of the Navy, Para Commandos of the Army, Garud of the Air Force as well as the Special Frontier Force under the Cabinet Secretariat.Plans are also afoot to allow the counter-terrorism units of states to place requisition through NCTC for assistance from civil and military authorities for operations in respective states.The government would be looking at diluting the present positioning of NCTC, which is to \"prescribe counter-terrorism priorities for each stakeholder\", in the interests of each stakeholder.Earlier, the Centre had notified that \"Director, NCTC shall be specified as the Designated Authority under Section 2(e) of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967.\" The designated authority under UAPA is allowed to act against terror suspects, including carrying out their arrest as well as search and seizures.However, CCS will also let state governments to nominate the heads of their Anti Terrorism Squads (ATSs) or other counter-terrorism wings as designated authorities under UAPA. If the Centre were to propose this, it may have to further amend the Act because now only officers of joint secretary rank at the Centre and secretary rank in a state can be \"Designated Authority\" under the law. However, ATS chiefs are usually officers not of secretary rank in states.CCS would also consider giving an elaborate explanation about the power that is proposed to be granted to the operations division of NCTC to carry out search under Section 43A of UAPA. The Centre is likely to clarify that the power would be exercised by NCTC only under \"exceptional circumstances\" when assistance from state ATS/counter-terrorism agencies would involve delay and lead to thickening of a terror plot.Originally, NCTC is authorized to seek documents, transcripts, reports etc from any agency. CCS would consider empowering the state counter- terrorism units/ATS to requisition such information from NCTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917144", "title": "Delays continue on Howrah line, improvement likely today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trains from eastern India continued to be massively delayed as the railways could not restore normal traffic between Mughal Sarai and Gaya even on Saturday.Train movement has been severely affected after 26 wagons of a goods train derailed near Bhabua station in Bihar's Kaimur district on Friday morning. On Saturday, the total number of affected trains rose to 80 on the Howrah-New Delhi route. Delhi saw seven cancellations with the Mahabodhi Express joining the list along with Anand Vihar-Hatia Express, Toofan Mail, Janta Express and the Lal Quila Express. The last three trains are all headed for Kolkata. Railway officials said they hoped to restore normalcy by early Sunday morning for convenience of passengers About 500 reserved tickets were cancelled at half-a-dozen stations of the section on Friday incurring huge loss for the railways.The trains that were cancelled on Saturday-Friday included Delhi-Howrah Janata Express, Lal Quila Express (Kolkata-New Delhi), Udayan Abha Toofan Express (Howrah-New Delhi) and Mahabodhi Express (Gaya-New Delhi).As the incoming trains arrived late, at least three Rajdhanis - Bhubaneswar, Sealdah and Howrah - left New Delhi station four to five hours behind schedule. They have been diverted to run either through the Mughal Sarai-Jhajja section or the Barakana-Chopan-Chunar route. The passengers of Sealdah Duranto and Puri Express were relieved to learn that the trains would take the Patna-Jhajja route on Saturday. These trains were initially re-routed through Gomoh and Chopan, which is a much longer route.The route of Shipra Express has been diverted for the day and it will travel via Chopan, Singrauli and Katni. This train, officials said, would miss its stop at Allahabad station owing to the diversion.Orissa Sampark Kranti - an important train plying between New Delhi and Bhubaneswar - has been diverted via Manikpur-Katni, while Neelanchal Express, another train connecting New Delhi with Puri in Odisha, has been diverted via Mughalsarai and Patna.Passengers at the New Delhi railway station said they were not informed about the late arrivals though they did receive news and updates on the rescheduling of trains. The railways said though it would incur losses of several crores, they were giving passenger express and mail trains priority on the two alternative routes of Patna-Jhajjar and Chopan-Chunar over goods trains. Passengers arriving late claimed there was severe water and food shortage at smaller stations between Gaya and Kanpur. ``We bought water for Rs 30 a litre from local vendors as railways arranged for these provisions only at the bigger stations,'' said Utkarsh Sharma who arrived in the Swarn Jayanti Express.Northern Railway officials also said adequate arrangements had also been made to provide tea, water and refreshments to passengers of trains regulated at Varanasi, Kashi and Vyas Nagar stations of Lucknow Division. Northern Railway has opened several helpline numbers to assist passengers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916784", "title": "Forester rescues civet cat in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A civet cat, which is rarely seen in urban environment, was rescued by SH Patil, chief conservator of forest (CCF), Nagpur Circle here on Saturday morning. While Patil was on a morning walk, he saw a bunch of people looking at something on the ground on Ramgiri Road in Civil Lines. When he moved closer he saw a young civet cat desperately trying to climb a banyan tree.\"It was very young and somehow it got separated from its mother and fallen down from the tree. It was so small that it couldn't climb back up,\" Patil said.When some birds started to peck on the little creature Patil decided to step in. He took the civet to his home and called veterinarian Dr Chitra Raut. AK Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forest (APCCF) also examined the animal. Upon examination it was found that luckily the civet had not sustained any injuries and was perfectly fit and healthy.Patil informed that civets are a very rare species to be spotted in a city. \"But Seminary Hills is a continuation of forested area and hence, they are found here. It's good sign that they are breeding. Around 10 months ago saw a dead adult civet near AG Office on WHC Road. It had probably come under a vehicle,\" he said.As the civet was healthy, it was decided that the cat would be left at the place where it was found. \"As they are nocturnal creatures, we will release it at the same spot where I found it, in the night,\" said Patil.What is a civet catCivet cats are generally lithe-bodied small creatures whose habitat is Asia and Africa. Their weight varies from 1.4kg to 4.5kg they can grow up to 71cm in length, which doesn't include their tail. Their tail is real long. They are mostly nocturnal mammals who prefer to live in tropical forests.Civets have a broadly catlike general appearance, though the muzzle is extended and often pointed, like a mongoose. The civets produce a musk which has high value as fragrance and stabilizing agent for perfume. Both male and female civets are capable of producing the strong smelling secretion in their glands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14929624", "title": "Assam CM\u2019s guard shoots himself", "text": "A security guard on duty in Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi's official residence in Guwahati allegedly shot himself dead, police sources said. Constable Bhaskar Basu allegedly shot himself dead with his service rifle in an inebriated condition around 10.20pm.The chief minister was not at his residence when the incident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14939112", "title": "Door-to-door garbage collection erratic in Arera", "text": "BHOPAL: Residents of Arera Colony, Shivaji Nagar still have to throw household garbage in nearby bins themselves as garbage collectors fail to collect daily garbage from the houses in these areas.For the convenience of residents, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) began door-to-door garbage collection scheme in certain parts of the city in 2011. This scheme is being implemented in Anand Nagar, Shivaji Nagar, Arera Colony and Govindpura areas.However, residents complain that rag pickers- who have to collect door-to-door garbage from each house daily come in the morning and rather than collecting garbage from each house, they only clear the heaps of garbage in the locality, dump it in nearby bin and leave.\"We have told rack-pickers over a dozen times to come and collect garbage from our residence, but they simply denied saying, that their job is to only clean the surroundings,\" D K Shukla, a resident of E-1 Arera Colony said. He also alleged that the corporation is charging us more than what was told.Sneha Choubey, a resident of Shivaji Nagar, complained, \"Garbage collectors do not come to collect it from our residence. Twice I have asked them to go to the houses and collect garbage, but they simply refused and shouted back. Later, we also made a written complain in the nearby ward office, but in vain.\"Similar situation prevails in other areas, much to the annoyance of residents. \"We did not demand the service from the corporation. Even though we are paying a nominal amount for this, we expect the service to be good,\" B S Nair, a resident of Bharti Niketan opposite Gautam Nagar, said.However, BMC officials deny any such happening. \"Anything of this sort is not in our knowledge. However, we will look into this matter,\" said BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla.The corporation charges Rs 30 a month for the facility. The BMC is claiming about 3,000 employees have been collecting garbage from these areas. They collect more than 600 metric tonne of garbage and dump it on the city outskirts, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14942052", "title": "Jamshedpur hotels, bars to rejig security", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: To prevent any Guwahati-like incident in which a girl was molested by a mob, the Jamshedpur hotels and bars have decided to overhaul security to ensure safety of customers, particularly women, late at night.In a bid to prevent recurrence of such horrific and shameful incident on the streets of the Steel city, the Jamshedpur Hoteliers' Association (JHA), the apex body of the city-based hospitality industry, has resolved to send fresh guidelines to its member to pay equal attention to safety of women who visit hotels late at night. \"The guidelines precisely speak about providing security to the customers, particularly the women customers (who depart after 11pm), if they ask for security,\" said JHA president Prabhakar Singh.In the past few years, hotels and bars have witnessed impressive occupancy rates and the trend of working women visiting restaurants for late night parties is on the increase. \"Working women groups do reserve the tables in the restaurant for holding parties at weekends and this trend is on the increase in the city,\" said a restaurant owner. He said in the past they had encountered several instances of over drunk women finding difficulty to exit the hotel after party.JHA has made it clear that security facility will be available to the clients within a limited area. \"Given that we have limited staff in the security wing, we cannot afford to send them with the customer who stays at a distance from the hotel,\" said Singh. adding that they did not charge any amount for the security service.JHA also appealed to the customers to avoid holding parties late at night.in the larger interest of safety and security. \"We have given bio-metric identity cards to the security personnel who will accompany the customers,\" said the JHA functionary.The JHA is also planning for a \"swift response call\" wherein the customer can seek help of the nearest hotel in case of any eventuality. \"This proposal is under consideration but it is at a nascent stage,\" said a JHA source.On last Monday night, a young girl was molested and stripped by a gang of over 20 men on the streets of Guwahati while she was returning from a local pub after attending a friend's party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14949374", "title": "First look poster of \u2018Pakado\u2019 music video", "text": "Catch the first look poster of 'Pakado Pakado' music video in stylish star Allu Arjun's forthcoming flick \"Julayi\". The song was shot recently on Allu Arjun and Devi Sri Prasad at the Khurshid Jha Devdi College for Women, near Charminar. It will be released this week officially by the makers.The video is tipped to be a mass number and will be used as a publicity stunt but to woo the audience but does not feature in the movie. Director Trivikram expressed satisfaction over the way the song has come out and added that he would use it as a promotional tool. The film, which is hitting the screens on August 9, will accelerate the publicity campaigns in the coming few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "14917573", "title": "Glorious past, troubled present", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The recent incident of student torture at Visva-Bharati's Karabi hostel is a pointer to a deeper malaise ailing Tagore's university campus at Santiniketan that embodied the Brahmo tribute to the infinite - tini amar praner aram, moner ananda, atmar santi.Many ashramiks are deeply upset with the incidents that have demeaned this once world-class institution into a mere degree issuing university, robbed of the philosophy that made it different.Yet, the university administration insists that this incident and others before it are \"stray\" ones - aberrations in the tranquil life of Tagore's school without boundaries.\"There are bound to be incidents in any institution as old as V-B. We Bengalis are too sensitive about Santiniketan and expect it to remain an oasis of high values when the world around is in a state of degeneration and collapse. In the past century, life and value systems have altered drastically. Quality of teachers, students and staff has deteriorated. V-B is no exception. But to its credit, the incidents have been few - most of them owing to failings of individuals rather than collective failure or administrative collapse,\" says a senior teacher requesting anonymity.Retired V-B teacher Somendranath Banerjee has no fetters or pretences. Grandson of Rajendranath Bandyopadhyay who joined Brahmacharya Ashram in 1902, only a year after Tagore instituted it at Santiniketan, Banerjee acknowledges that change is inevitable in a century-old institution but points out that some are to be embraced while others ought to be rejected. The problem, he says, is that in the past few decades, the university's administration has lost sight of the goals and ideals of V-B and allowed its character to change.\"How did such terrible incidents (theft of the Nobel medallion, a teacher with fake credentials, theft of sandalwood trees; molestation of foreign students, murder of a hostel inmate, acid attack on a student, child forced to lick her urine by hostel warden) happen here? It's because the authorities equate V-B with any other university. They have forgotten that V-B was intrinsically different and set up to nurture global citizens and not just individuals qualified for jobs,\" Banerjee says.Tagore wanted V-B to be an institution \"where the East would try to offer its best to the West and receive what is best from the West\". Tagore ensured that the name of his institution enshrined its quest to be a global centre of learning. That, Banerjee rues, has been lost in the pursuit of blindly imitating other universities.\"By changing the character of V-B, it is today a mediocre university instead of being a global centre of learning. It is an irony that when V-B attracted some of the best scholars in the world, it was a humble place. But now that there is no dearth of funds, it does not attract talent from outside. That is because the administration has failed to preserve the uniqueness. Why will people come from abroad when they can get quality education at home?\" he reasons.Tagore foresaw exactly this in his last days when he repeatedly expressed anxiety over V-B losing its character and ideals and merely becoming an institute of higher education. After Tagore's death in 1941, Mahatma Gandhi briefly took over the reins of the institution before then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru took over. In 1951, Visva-Bharati became a central university. That, many believe, is where the seeds for the institution decline were sown.\"V-B was never meant to be a university. Its culture, its very genesis defies the university system. The moment they tried to measure V-B on the same scale as other universities, it dealt a death blow. Though funds started flowing in, ending the cash crunch, grades, divisions and new employment rules that were completely against the institution's nature was imposed on V-B. The maladjustment started right then,\" says former Patha Bhavan principal and educationist Supriya Tagore.Once it became a university, V-B that had its own vision for recruiting teachers and staff, deciding on their pay, framing syllabi and creating new centres of excellence became answerable to the UGC. The ashram of learning became a place for career advancement where objectives like promotions and increments became primary for teachers and administrative staff, just as degree-earning rather than learning and assimilation of ideas, became for students.\"Had the Centre given V-B a special status that it deserved instead of equating it with other universities, these problems would not have occurred,\" feels Amitrasudan Bhattacharya, who served V-B for 45 years and headed both its Bengali department and Vidya Bhavan (school of Humanities).Though he felt that the latest incident at Karabi hostel and others that were caused by individual actions and did not constitute planned conspiracy should be considered 'stray', he said it was crucial to get beyond semantics and enforce discipline in the campus. \"Do the university staff maintain punctuality? Do they discharge their duties properly? I don't think so. The vice-chancellor must take tough decisions to maintain discipline. If it is not done, these incidents may recur,\" he said.In the early 1990s, an orientation course was suggested for anyone who joined V-B. Unfortunately, the course was never devised. \"We are using Tagore's name only for self-promotion,\" says Somendranath Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14916623", "title": "Two tourist complexes in Tadoba Andhri Tiger Reserve handed over to FDCM", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest department has handed over two tourist complexes under Tadoba Andhri Tiger Reserve to FDCM for operation and management. Decision has been taken to relieve the TATR of the responsibilities other than wildlife protection and management.TATR has tourist complexes at Moharli, Kolara and Pangadi gates. These rest houses and dormitories were provided to the people at subsidized rates. TATR itself looked after the operation and management of these facilities, which was becoming an additional load for it. Hence to help TATR to keep its focus on its key responsibility of wildlife protection, forest department decided to handover the tourist complexes to the FDCM.ACF of TATR Girish Vashishtha said, \"The rest houses and youth hostels at Moharli and Kolara gate were handed over to FDCM, North Chanda region in first week of this month, while those at Pangdi gate are still withheld. We can focus more on wildlife protection and management. A memorandum of understanding (MOU) will be signed between two authorities, that will have details of modalities of operation, management and profit sharing.\"A youth hostel (60 bed dormitory), two guesthouses namely Andhari and Erai Kuti, collectively having eight rooms, and VIP bungalow (Telia Kuti) with equal capacity at Moharli gate have been given to FDCM. Similarly, a youth hostel (60 bed), two holiday homes, guesthouse with facility of lodging four families, VIP bungalow with capacity of eight and 10 tent platform at Kolara gate too have also been acquired by the FDCM.Sources informed that the FDCM will run the complexes on commercial basis in competition with the other private resorts operating around core area of TATR. It will renovate the complexes to attract the tourists. To gain upper hand in the breakneck competition among the resort operators, the FDCM authorities want reservation in carrying capacity of the tiger reserve.\"We have drawn detailed plans of operation and management of these tourist complexes. Two officers will shoulder the responsibility of managing these FDCM resorts. After renovation the complexes will be ready for tourists from October 1,\" said an officer.FDCM authorities are going to insist for some reserved quota for its customers in carrying capacity of the TATR at the time of signing the MOU. Their argument is \"why would tourists come to stay at their complex paying hefty charges, unless they have a guarantee of safari inside TATR,\" said the officer.BOXTARIFF CARD (per day)* Rs4,500 VIP bungalow, holiday homes and guesthouses (kuti)* Rs1250 Bed in youth hostel (dormitory)* Rs2,500 one tent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918542", "title": "Corporation to ensure better access to metro stations", "text": "CHENNAI: To make it easier for commuters, the Corporation of Chennai will build footpaths and relay roads leading to all stations coming up on the metro rail network.This follows a recent request by Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL). \"They requested us to improve the footpaths and sidewalks on all roads within a 500-metre radius around each station. Roads will also be maintained well because people should find it comfortable to drive to the stations and park their vehicles where such facilities are available,\" said a senior corporation official.CMRL believes people will use the rail system only if they find it is easy to access. \"They will be competing with the existing and efficient bus transport system, so people should be able to walk towards and away from the station comfortably,\" said the official. CMRL also wants feeder services involving coloured autos and minibuses within a 500-metre radius of the stations.Experts say well-maintained footpaths become crucial especially because the stations are located on arterial roads where there is traffic throughout the day. \"Most people are going to walk to the stations and they should be able to do so safely on Anna Salai and Poonamallee high Road without fear of being knocked down or run over. Especially because studies have shown that patronage for public transport increases every year,\" says Raj Cherubal, a consultant with Chennai City Connect. He says footpaths that are well lit and have a lot of activity going on will make pedestrians feel safe.Others say it is important that footpaths around metro stations are large and spacious because of the sheer activity the system is likely to see. \"Every time a train arrives, hundreds of people are likely to get out. They will need time to catch an auto, wait for a share auto or someone to pick them up. In places where the stations are underground, people walking in should not bang into people gliding up through the escalators because of space constraints,\" says Cherubal.The improvement works, however, are likely to start only towards the finishing stages of the metro rail project. \"Once they remove the barriers and stop digging works on roads and we know the space available, we will start our work,\" said the corporation official.The committee seems to have made this request taking into account the problems faced by commuters frequenting the MRTS stations. \"While the roads on which the stations are located have footpaths, side roads leading to the main roads have no such facilities like in Indira Nagar, Kasturiba Nagar and Mandaveli among others. People also found getting in and out of the Park Town station on the Velachery-Beach MRTS section very difficult, so they are rectifying those issues,\" said a source.32 stations will come up along the St Thomas Mount-Koyambedu and New Washermenpet-Airport corridors.The stations are primarily located on Anna Salai, 100 feet road, Poonamallee High Road and GST Road.Feeder services like autorickshaws and mini-buses will also be improved in the 500m radius zone.The main aim is to attract as many people within the radius to use the service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14936398", "title": "Birth certificate applications on Goa website", "text": "PANAJI: North Goa Collector Mihir Vardhan has made available the application forms for certificates/permission issued by mamlatdar, deputy collector and collector including for inclusion of names on election card, ration card, birth certificates, on the websites www.collectornorth.goa.gov.inand www.northgoa.gov.in.At talathi level application to issue of Form I and XIV, at taluka mamlatdars office level application for residence certificate, solvency certificate, divergence certificate affidavit for divergence certificate, application for dependent certificate income certificate (for Mediclaim) affidavit for income certificate (for Mediclaim) application for new ration card and cancellation of ration card, inclusion of name in ration card, deletion of name in ration card (if expired), deletion of name in ration card (in case of marriage), correction of details in ration card, challan fee form for ration card, declaration form for ration card, application for inclusion of name in electoral roll, application for objecting inclusion or seeking deletion of name in electoral roll, application for correction to particulars entered in electoral roll and application for transposition of entry in electoral roll are made available on the sites.At Deputy Collector/Sub Divisional Officers level, application for caste certificate (for OBC), application of caste certificate, affidavit for caste certificate, application for sound permission and application for conversion of land. At the Collectors level/District level, application for new/renewal of arms license, application for domicile certificate, application for natural calamity relief and application for conversion of land.At directorate of Civil Supplies level application grant/renewal of wholesale/retail license are also made available on these sites, an official press note said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14945073", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee in J&K; meets NC, Congress and PDP members to seek support", "text": "SRINAGAR: UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday met members of the ruling National Conference-Congress coalition and opposition PDP to drum up support for his bid to enter the Rashtrapati Bhawan.Mukherjee, who was received by pradesh congress committee chief Saifuddin Soz at the airport, met the joint legislature party of National Conference and Congress at the SKICC here.Chief minister Omar Abdullah , who has already announced his party's support to Mukherjee's bid, led the joint legislature party in the meeting.Mukherjee is also scheduled to meet lone CPI(M) MLA M Y Tarigami, and two independent MLAs from the Valley -- Sheikh Abdul Rashid and Hakim Mohammad Yasin after meeting the ruling coalition legislators.The former union finance minister will call on opposition People's Democratic party (PDP) patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed at latter's residence to seek support, PDP sources said.The sources said the opposition party is also likely to extend support to Mukherjee as it does not want to be seen voting alongside BJP which has supported P A Sangma for the post of the President.National Conference has 28 MLAs, five MPs and support of an independent MP from Ladakh, while Congress has 17 MLAs and four MPs in Jammu and Kashmir. PDP has 21 MLAs but no presence in the Parliament.The polling for electing the President will be held on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14921407", "title": "Manmohan Singh seeks quick fix for delayed NREGS payments", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare move, government on Saturday released a compendium of independent studies on job guarantee scheme \u2014 both appreciative and critical of the programme \u2014 prompting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to ask the rural development ministry to fix the issue of delayed payment for workers and minister Jairam Ramesh flagging corruption as a problem.Top policymakers of UPA gathered at the PM's residence for the release of \"MGNREGA sameeksha\" to give an independent feedback on the mega scheme, which has spent Rs 110,000 crore as wage payments since 2006.The idea to release the report was aimed at frank assessment of what the PM called as UPA's largest and most ambitious social security programme. Panchayati raj minister Kishore Chandra Deo, Planning Commission member Mihir Shah, editor of the compendium Ram Manohar Reddy were among those present for the release.Singh underlined that problem of delayed payment had to be fixed for the scheme to achieve its potential and help the poor. Delayed payments are blamed for denting MGNREGA's appeal since workers need money on a daily basis to meet their needs.But the PM defended the scheme against complaints that it had led to a hike in wage rates and shortage of labour for farms. \"The combined effect of expanded agricultural production, demand for labour from construction sector and the effect of MGNREG scheme have led to tightening of the market for agricultural labour and a steady rise in real wages. Farmers sometimes complain about this. But rising demand for labour is the only way to help the landless improve their standard of living,\" Singh said.He asked the Planning Commission to order \"concurrent evaluation\" of rural development schemes because post-implementation audits are not of much help. Ramesh has proposed that schemes should be audited alongside implementation. He urged the Plan panel to set up a network to implement such quick audits.The RD minister acknowledged the public concern over misappropriation of funds in the job scheme, but assured that concurrent audit, coupled with social and CAG audits and certification of MGNREGA accounts by chartered accountants, would address the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14944229", "title": "Keira Knightley would love to work with fiance", "text": "Keira Knightley has said that working with her fiance will not be end of the world but would rather be \"lovely.\"The ' Bend It Like Beckham ' star who got engaged to Klaxons rocker James Righton in May, enjoyed seeing her ' Seeking A Friend For The End of the World ' co-star Steve Carrell and his wife Nancy together on the set of the film and believed that she would enjoy working on a project with her partner too.\"I've never worked with a significant other but I should imagine it would be lovely, News.com.au quoted her as telling the Daily Mirror. \"When you get together I don't see why you shouldn't get on when you are working together,\" she said. However, for the couple to work together, keyboardist Righton would have to move into acting as the 27-year-old actress admitted that she had no interest in music.\"I actively didn't listen to music through my teenage years,\" she said. \"It's weird because a lot of my close friends and relatives are totally obsessed by music and even though I'm not, I've always, for some reason, been attracted to people who are,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914929", "title": "Suresh Kalmadi demands Ajay Maken's resignation", "text": "PUNE: Suresh Kalmadi on Saturday expressed shock at sports minister Ajay Maken's remarks against his visit to London during the Olympics, terming the comments as against the court order and a \"vilification campaign\" while calling for his resignation. The Pune MP asserted that he would visit London and attend a meeting as president of the Asian Athletics Association (AAA) during the Olympics.\"I was shocked and dismayed to read Ajay Maken's reaction to the honourable court's decision to grant me permission to visit London for the forthcoming Olympic Games,\" the Pune MP said during a news conference at his home here.A special CBI court on Friday allowed Kalmadi, accused in a Commonwealth Games-related corruption case, to attend the London Olympics, drawing immediate protests and opposition from Maken.\"In view of Maken going against the court decision, which is quite unbecoming of a sports minister, I request our Prime Minister to ask for his resignation for making such statements. Maken threatening the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) that he would try to ensure that I was not part of the Indian delegation shows a lack of knowledge about the functioning of autonomous sports bodies,\" Kalmadi said.\"I will attend a meeting coinciding with the London Olympics as a council member of the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) and president of the AAA. I don't need any support from the sports ministry,\" said Kalmadi, adding that he received the invitation 15 days ago.\"I have been granted permission by the court to visit London for the games from July 28 to August 13, at the invitation from the IAAF council. Therefore, the sports minister's statement that my participation will kill the basic spirit of the Olympics shows his total disregard for the spirit of the games,\" Kalmadi said.Kalmadi said that it was in during his tenure as IOA president that India bagged maximum medals in both the CWG and Asian Games. The Commonwealth Games Federation had stated in its report that the Delhi Commonwealth Games were the best ever, he said.Kalmadi said he has been elected unanimously to the IOA thrice, which showed the faith of the sports body in him. \"As per law, I am innocent until proven guilty. In my bail application, it has been clearly stated in the high court that no financial trail has been found against me. No allegation of corruption has been proved.\"\"Maken's sustained interference in the functioning of the National Sports Federation is creating problems in the smooth functioning of the sports in the country and causing groupism which will ultimately affect the performance of sportspersons in the Olympics,\" he said, alleging that the \"vilification campaign\" by Maken was meant to cause a split between officials and Indian players participating in the London games.Meanwhile, city BJP MLA Grish Bapat issued a statement criticising Kalmadi's visit to London. \"The CWG corruption scam has made the country and Pune feel ashamed. If he goes to London, it will be an insult to all countrymen and Puneites.\"Bapat said that CBI was investigating a corruption case against Kalmadi and it was inappropriate for him to go to London on moral grounds even though the court had given him permission.Won't respond to comments, says sports ministerNEW DELHI: Sports minister Ajay Maken on Saturday declined to comment on Suresh Kalmadi's accusation that the minister was carrying out a \"vilification campaign\" against Kalmadi. \"I would not like to respond to a person who has been chargesheeted by the CBI and suspended by the Congress party on corruption charges,\" Maken said.Maken added, \"I still stand by my statement that he should not go to the Olympics as he still remains the president of the IOA and is yet to be cleared of the charges of corruption pending in the courts.\" -- PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14947452", "title": "Corporation to take vavu bali leftovers to Kochuveli", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With Karkidaka vavu bali just a few days away, the city corporation is facing an uphill task of managing of leftovers of the ritual at Thiruvallom and Shanghumugham bali. The waste is likely to give corporation a hard time as the garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala remains closed.Till a week ago, even the temple authorities at Thiruvallom had been finding it hard to manage even the minimal amount of waste being generated in the temple. The authorities would collect the waste for two-three days, dry it and burn it. However, the devaswom board had intervened and cleaned up the entire premises of the temple in view of vavu bali two days ago.The corporation officials are planning to take the waste to Kochuveli. \"Kochuveli is the only option available for us in terms of waste management. The corporation has decided to collect the waste from Thiruvallom every single hour and transport it to Veli where it can be used as the foundation material for constructing railway platforms,\" said a health official attached to the corporation.In the review meeting held at Thiruvallom here on Friday, the corporation officials had assumed the responsibility to manage the waste. \"The local protest at Veli had come down considerably. The railways have almost completed the construction of a side wall and we hope that the transportation of waste from Thiruvallom and Shangumugham can be carried out without any hurdles,\" the official added.The corporation will depute special employees at Thiruvallom on the vavu bali day. They would work in co-ordination with those deployed by the devaswom board.\"At Thiruvallom we expect a huge turn out. So the cleaning process will be carried out throughout the day. We will conduct a cleaning drive in the evening at Shangumugham as well,\" said Thiruvallom ward councilor A G Krishnaveni.Meanwhile, the corporation has completed the installation of new tube lights at Thiruvallom and Shangumugham to facilitate those who turn up for performing the bali rituals. The pending road work has also been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14916823", "title": "World Malayali Council to submit report on waste disposal system", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A detailed report on the waste disposal mechanism practiced in US will be submitted to the state government by the representatives of North Malabar Zone of the World Malayali Council (WMC).North Malabar Zone president of the WMC C E Chakkunny and Kozhikode zonal secretary of the WMC C N Radhakrishnan will submit the report in a week. The team visited New York, Washington DC, Orlando, Las Vegas, Miami, Los Angeles and San Francisco and held discussion with the authorities about the waste disposal mechanism in those regions.The team visited the US as WMC has agreed to provide financial aid to the government to implement the waste disposal system across the state with Public Private Participation (PPP).A delegation of state government had already visited Germany to study the waste disposal model in that country.C E Chakkunny said the waste disposal and segregation were made with the active participation of the public in US.\"The public themselves separate the waste. The vehicles carrying waste also have special stops to collect the wastes from the houses. The specialty of the vehicles is that it will convert the wastes into capsules while moving to other destinations to pick up wastes,\" he said.\"The report will be submitted once we get details from the WMC members in US. We have also put forth our demand for the inclusion of Kozhikode district in the advanced waste disposal mechanism proposed by the WMC with the help of government,\" said Chakkunny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14919741", "title": "For this maestro, music knows no bounds", "text": "Between international music festivals, his Sufi and world music associations, life is a slide raaga for Prakash Sontakke. From the time he wakes up to the sound of the alarm to the yawn and rhythmic snores at night, this slide guitarist celebrates the raaga of life.As a slide guitarist and Hindustani musician par excellence , rhythm divine flows in your veins...My father RB Sontakke was a double doctorate in vocal and violin and my mother Mani Sontakke a versatile musician who played more than 15 instruments. Some, including the slide guitar, are not found in the mainstream now. It was my only muse through my youth. Mom gave me the freedom to experiment with any technique.You recently performed live to a German classic at the Indo-German Urban Mela. What are the challenges of letting music flow in public with no retakes, no rehearsals ...I had recently gone to Christoph Bertram, director , Max Mueller Bhavan to discuss the possibility of doing a fusion concert with a common friend Anupama. There, Christoph suggested I compose impromptu for Dr Caligari. When I got down to doing it, I found that it involved a lot of multi-tasking at the spur of the moment. For, in the film, by the time a door opens, complex facial expressions bordering on hate despair, love and ambition coupled with unfathomable joy to a shadow lurking in the background -- all erupt at the same time. I used middleeastern and African styles and a lot of strange sounding instruments too. So much so that once the film was over, an elderly gentleman from the audience asked: \"The movie was really enjoyable. But why were you sitting at the wings of the stage when it was being screened?\" This meant that we had taken care of every tiny detail!Tell us about your collaborative projects in Copenhagen and London, the art of merging into the sounds of international jazz, yet standing out with your signature tune.I grew up in a household where knowing more than 100 raagas at the tip of my tongue was nothing special . Simultaneously, my convent school background used to totally surprise me till the day I heard Pink Floyd - they had used the same instrument on which I played raagas to sound so totally different. That was the beginning of the hybrid process defining my music career. In November, I will be in Copenhagen collaborating for the first time with the Figura Ensemble at which we will play each other's compositions. In August, I will participate in the London International Arts Festival in a jugalbandi with Vidushi Jyotsna Srikanth.Tell us about the art of merging and the craft of keeping your connection with the slide guitar alive.As part of MoonArra, I consciously look at music as the only force guiding all other expressions. We don't jump around on stage, but our music moves people. We don't scream, people listening to us do. We play music to express, not impress. My collaboration with Ehsaan and Loy in Coke Studio has been very special . Collaborations today should be about making the musician with you sound good maybe even better and should bring out his best and vice versa.You also tie in to Sufi and the Newlife with Shivamani, Runa Rizvi arousing a new genre. What prompted you to start this initiative?With the band Newlife, Shivamani, Runa -- gazal maestro Usatd Rajkumar Rizvi's daughter --- and I are exploring traditional Sufi music merging with world sounds and jazz.As a minstrel you explore terrains and arrive at American Kannada Koota Association (AKKA) this September. What's special about AKKA?Music has rarely stayed within boundaries. As I wander beyond these boundaries, through AKKA, I am excited to see where a culture is headed, rather than sticking to where it came from. For, AKKA is a forum to explore what Kannaddigas have contributed to the world of music outside Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14917879", "title": "Committees to inspect children shelter homes", "text": "GURGAON: After the recent Apna Ghar controversy, the Haryana government has constituted state- and district-level committees to inspect children's shelter homes run by NGOs.The committee members will interact with children in the absence of NGO members and collect their feedback on the facilities and treatment being provided to them, director-general, women and child development department, Sumita Misra said on Saturday. She will also head the state-level committee.The district-level committee will be headed by the deputy commissioner of the concerned concerned. The committee will ensure that child rights are not violated in shelter homes and look into the functioning of the management committee and children committee set up under Juvenile Rules 2009, Misra said.The team would also make suggestions for improvement and development of shelter homes, she said adding each such homes would be inspected by the Committee at least one in every three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14940587", "title": "HC condones delay, gives teacher another chance", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court recently came to the rescue of an assistant teacher, a widow with a 12-year-old daughter. Justice Anoop Mohta condoned a delay of over two years in an appeal filed by Biner Dattatraya and directed the Presiding Officer to hear her plea to continue as teacher, on merits, within six months.The teacher was terminated the post of asstitant teacher in a government aided school. She had been working there since March 2003till April 2007. For survival, she joined some other management temporarily, the court noted.There was no appointment letter issued to her. She therefore approached the Education officer in January 2008 and wrote several letters to the management to continue her services. The education department assured her but she received no response from the authorities, the court noted in its order. To earn a living she took up a job as a teacher elsewhere but ultimately with no official reply, she filed an appeal with an application for condonation for dealy. The presiding officer, however, rejected her plea for condonation of delay. She thus moved the HC in 2010.The government lawyers argued against her petition. The whole argument was involving the point of her entitlement and claim in question. The Presiding Officer too said the case must be seen on merits but dismissed the application mainly on the ground that she was working somewhere during the interim period.Justice Mohta said her employment elsewhere temporarily \"cannot be the reason to deny her given the undisputed facts on record and basically her continuous service for more than three years.The SC had also in a judgement after considering legal principles held that technical grounds including delay should not be the reason to deny the relief to the parties, if the case on merits is  bona fide,  clear and justifiable.The HC on July 3, held that there was nothing on record to show any \"intentional delay\" by Dattatraya or any  mala fide or  ulterior motive.The judge said there is \"no thing to demonstrate that the petitioner has deliberately or intentionally delayed filing of the present appeal. She could not have, in any way, benefited by such delay, when her representations, admittedly, are pending with the management, as well as, with the Education Officer.\" The judge said \"even otherwise, when she worked for more than three years without any appointment letter, definitely, would like to wait for further continuation, as averred, that they promised her to continue in service. Therefore, to say that she should have filed the appeal within the limitation, despite the assurances were given and despite waiting for representations which she has already filed, just cannot be the reason to overlook the merits, as referred and reflected even in the order as well as affidavit filed by the respondents.\"Even otherwise, in the interest of justice, no harm or prejudice would be caused to the school where she had work till 2007 if one more opportunity is given to her on merits. The court court thus condoned the delay and directed her plea to continue as teacher be deciding on merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "midnapore/habra", "code": "14917712", "title": "9-year-old boy gets the cane for skipping test", "text": "MIDNAPORE/HABRA: Despite facing severe criticism, teachers in the state continue to inflict torture upon school students. While a maths teacher in West Midnapore's Kotwali thrashed a Class-III child for not doing his classwork, the headmaster of a school near Habra in North 24-Parganas severely beat up a Class-IX student for fighting with a classmate on Friday. In the first case, however, the teacher expressed remorse to avoid being booked by the law. Both the students are undergoing treatment.Teachers in the state continue to torment display intemperance towards school students. For a change, though, one among them cared to express remorse, albeit to avoid being booked by the law.A day after teachers came under attack for beating up and stripping students as punishment, the maths teacher of Pachkhuri Primary School in West Midnapore's Kotwali severely thrashed a Class-III child, Sajal Rana, who ignored his instruction to write tables and instead chose to utter them in class. The nine-year-old was, on Saturday, admitted to the local primary health centre with severe body ache from thrashing by maths teacher Subha Ranjan Ghosh on Friday.After an initial denial, the teacher sensed trouble on hearing that the student was seriously injured. He and his colleagues visited the boy's house to apologise to his parents and requested them not to file a police complaint.Amid a string of incidents involving teachers thrashing students, the maths teacher of the Pachkhuri Primary School in West Midnapore's Kotwali severely beat up a class III student who ignored his instruction to write tables and, instead, chose to utter them in open class. After an initial denial, the teacher sensed trouble on hearing that the student was seriously injured. He and his colleagues visited the boy's home to apologise to his parents coupled with a plea not to file a police complaint.Nine-year-old Sajal Rana was, on Saturday, admitted to the local primary health centre with severe body ache from his thrashing by maths teacher Subha Ranjan Ghosh on Friday.On Friday, Subha Ranjan Ghosh, the maths teacher of Pachkhuri Primary School in West Midnapore's Kotwali, had asked Class-III students to write multiplication tables five to 10 in class. While his classmates wrote the tables in their exercise books, nine-year-old Sajal Rana simply sat. Towards the end of the class, Ghosh collected the books from the students and was surprised to find Sajal's pages blank. When Ghosh questioned him, Sajal why he hadn't written a single table, SajalSajal reportedly rose from his seat and began uttering the tables one by one. This infuriated Ghosh who told Sajal that he had asked him to write and not utter the tables. The teacher then allegedly beat the boy severely.The student then ran home, located barely 100 meters from the school, and narrated the incident to his parents. There, he told his parents what happened in school.Sajal's father Bholanath, a carpenter, rushed to the school and shouted at Ghosh who initially denied he had thrashed the boy. \"I didn't thrash him. I merely hit Sajal once or twice to reprimand him,\" Ghosh reportedly told Bholanath.The father then took Sajal to the local primary health centre just opposite his house and Realizing Sajal lived that close, doctors discharged him after first aid.Soon, five teachers from the school, including headmistress Tripti Dey Sarkar, reached Sajal's house to apologise on behalf of their colleague. They acknowledged that Ghosh had overstepped his limit. Ghosh himself reached the boy's home a while later and admitted he had erred. All of them urged Bholanath and his wife Jharna not to file a police complaint.On Saturday morning, all the parents gheraoed the school, demanding action against Ghosh. Sajal had to be admitted to the health centre as his body ache from the beating increased. Local Trinamool leaders intervened and spoke to teachers who urged them to arrange a meeting with parents and ensure no police complaint was lodged.Bholanath said he would file a police complaint once his son recovered.In Habra, a Class-IX student of Rajballavpur High School near Habra in North 24 Parganas fell ill and had to be hospitalized after he was beaten up severely by the headmaster Qurban Ali on Friday. Ali reportedly thrashed the student, Saurav Ghosh, when he saw him fighting with a classmate.After Saurav returned home, he started vomiting and Saurav Ghosh, the student, was admitted to Habra State General Hospital on Friday night. and he is still undergoing treatment.His family members lodged an FIR against Ali, but police are yet to arrest him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14919140", "title": "Residents want group garbage bins removed", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai corporation's group garbage bins covered with blue iron sheets are receiving wide criticism from residents. In a bid to prevent overflowing of garbage, the civic body recently installed thousands of group bins across the city at an estimated Rs 4 crore.Residents, however, said that it was becoming difficult to put up with the foul smell emanating from the bins, especially after a spell of rain. Corporation officials too admitted that they had been receiving several complaints from the residents. \"Many residents want the bins to be shifted from near their house because of the foul smell,\" said an official.\"We have been protesting against group garbage bins since the day these were installed. But, the civic officials are installing thousands of group bins across the city,\" said S Kasturi Rangan, a resident of Choolaimedu. \"The corporation should take steps to segregate the waste, instead of hiding it from the public,\" he added.The corporation complaint cell (1913) has also been receiving hundreds of calls requesting relocation of group bins.A senior corporation official said: \"These group bins were installed to prevent overflowing of garbage from the bins. But unfortunately these bins have failed to fulfil the purpose. We have instructed all the conservancy workers to remove garbage from the group bins\" Residents said that many of these bins are not locked and become a safe place for stray dogs. \"We have been facing problems from rats and mosquitoes because of the group bins. But, the civic officials are not taking any action on this issue,\" said a resident of Nungambakkam.Commuters and motorists said that the garbage bins are creating severe inconvenience to them. They said that many of these bins have been installed in small stretches and pavements that pose problem to traffic movemnt. This project was a brain child of mayor Saidai S Duraisamy. The corporation has already set up 800 group bins across the city. Corporation health officials said that they are worried of monsoon diseases. \"We have intensified fogging operations across the city. The group bins have become good breeding grounds for rats and mosquitoes, particularly during rain,\" said a senior corporation official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "repalle", "code": "14919968", "title": "Kidnapped toddler found after 2 months", "text": "Repalle: Mystery behind the kidnapping of the two-year-old boy at Tirupati two months ago was unraveled on Saturday when the police found him at Repalle. They took him back to the temple town to hand him over to his parents. According to the information, the Tirupati police reached Repalle in the morning and found the boy, Sivakesava Reddy, with a daily-wage worker, Malleswari.Police said that Sivakesava Reddy had gone missing from Tirupati railway station on May 14 when his parents were sleeping. The child's parents, Ravikumar Reddy and Varalakshmi, residents of Simhadripuram village in Pulivendula constituency of Kadapa district, visited Tirumala on the ill-fated day and were waiting at the railway station after having darshan of the Lord.When the parents woke up in the morning, they were shocked to find the toddlre missing, and lodged a complaint with the railway police. The GRP police launched a hunt for the kidnapper and zeroed in on one Kotaiah, a mason working near Tirupati railway station.Sources said Kotaiah kidnapped Sivakesava Reddy after seeing a gold chain around his neck. The abductor then took the boy to his native place, Narasaraopet.After taking the gold chain, Kotaiah reportedly handed over the child to one Suvarthamma and requested her to bring up the boy. However, Suvarthamma gave the child to her daughter Malleswari of Repalle from whom the boy was taken by the police on Saturday. The parents later came to Tirupati and took their son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14947996", "title": "Tom-Kat class for all you couples", "text": "Seriously-in-love Hollywood stars Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes have split. Nona Walia on lessons to learn from a divorce 8,000 miles away.Lession 1: Faith can play pooper The hot-button issue in Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' fiveyear-old marriage was Scientology, a 'religion' that offers a type of counselling in which practitioners aim to consciously re-experience painful or traumatic events in their past in order to free themselves of their limiting effects. Cruise is believed to have pushed for their daughter, Suri's indoctrination, making Holmes flip in anxiety. A difference in faith and religion brings with it huge challenges for couples. When Jemima Goldsmith married Pakistani cricketer Imran Khan in 1995 (in pic), she learnt to speak Urdu, switched to salwarkameezes, and converted to Islam. She had been raised as a Protestant, although her parents are Jewish. Frank Huzur, who has authored a book on Khan, says, \"The religious parties were united in their attack on her Jewish background. The decision to split was taken out of deep social, religious and political compulsions, rather than a serious rupture in mutual interest. His long absence from home also contributed to despair. For once, Jemima began to feel like a grass widow.\" Psychiatrist Dr Avdesh Sharma says he has seen couples split over issues as trivial as where the partner prays, and whether he/she is willing to accompany the other to his/her place of worship. \"If kids are involved, the conflict is about their names, and which religion the child will follow. I tell couples it's best to have discussed these key issues before deciding to share a life. And it's pointless to try and 'convert' a partner.\"Lesson 2: What's in a number?  A lot if it has to do with age Holmes is 16 years younger to Cruise, and is said to have had the Top Gun's star's poster hanging on her wall when she was a little girl. As Cruise celebrated his 50th birthday, Holmes stood at 33. While Cruise preferred relaxing at home, Holmes wanted to let her hair down outdoors. Bollywood actor Saif Ali Khan was 21 when he married 33-year-old Amrita Singh, whom he split from after 13 years (in pic). An immature decision taken on an impulse, is what did them in, industry sources said. Says Geetanjali Prasad, author of The Great Indian Family, \"An age difference can be a challenge. As couples grow older, and evolve, age affects them differently. It's a physical and e m o t i o n a l process. The idea is to do things together, have a shared world, but also let the other enjoy the freedom of individual fulfilment.\" New Delhibased marriage therapist Dr Kamal Khurana has seen how age gaps translate into a difference in maturity levels between partners. \"For such couples, the biggest danger is that they can grow apart easily,\" he warns.Lesson 3: Always-in-control lover not lovable According to a piece in US Weekly, \"Many reports (suggest) that Tom was very controlling.\" The actor is said to have dictated what Holmes should wear, whom she should meet, where she should go. He hired security to keep tabs on her while he was away. People noticed how Holmes' personality transformed. In her book, Power and Control: Why Charming Men Can Make Dangerous Lovers, author Sandra Horley, says, \"After using his charm to gain control over a woman, (a man) uses it to assert his authority by emotional abuse. Ask yourself these questions: Does he get over-involved in your life? Does he frequently embarrass you? Do you feel like he is always trying to catch you out? These are the warning signs.\" In Bollywood, the Zeenat Aman-Mazhar Khan marriage failed due to Khan's oppression (in pic). Divorce lawyer Rekha Aggarval says, \"When one spouse is too controlling, the other craves for space. Young couples come to me feeling suffocated. Working wives say they'd like to be viewed as individuals, rather than being caste in a mould that's in relation to their husband and families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14925446", "title": "Fat market for full figures", "text": "The plus-size market in India, though in a very nascent stage, is worth almost Rs 11,000 crore and growing. Big, it seems, is also bringing in bigger bucksEarly last month, when full-figured models walked a New York runway, it was not their size that surprised the industry watchers. The fact that they were sashaying down for the Full Figured Fashion Week in clothes by top international haute couture names like Calvin Klein, Ralph Lauren and Michael Kors was the surprising bit. After all, high-end designers are known not to associate themselves with plus-size customers, as easily and as openly.Fashion industry's global love affair with anorexic models is well known and India is no exception . As David Abraham of the design duo Abraham &amp; Thakore puts it, \"Our obsession with size zero is an imported one.\" No wonder an A-list fashion show for the plus-sized doesn't cease to astonish. It may be a long while before India hosts its own Full Figured Fashion Week but it is not ruled out. Hemant Sagar of the Indo-French designer duo of Lecoanet Hemant says, \"Fashion in India is an entertainment , so it could happen. A fashion show is a trade event backed by a commercial reality. If a designer thinks he can dress big sizes off the rack, it would make sense. It's a specialised market in many countries.\"'Market' is the operative word here. Those in the trade \u2014 designers or mass market retailers \u2014 cannot ignore the fact that the reality in India , as in the US, is far removed from the ramp. An overwhelming majority of people are not size zero. In fact, quite a few are plus size (plus XL). Delhi-based designer Anuradha Ramam says that about 30-40 % of her customers are plus size. \"Re-sizing is a very important component of the industry ,\" she adds.With aspirations attaining global levels in a post-liberalisation India, it's a segment whose need to turn out in style is as compelling as that of the size zero. According to management consultancy firm Technopak, the plus size market in India, though in a very nascent stage, is worth almost Rs 11,000 crore and is on an upward trajectory with an estimated growth rate of 25% per annum. According to internal estimates of e-tailer Jabong. com, plus size makes up 8-10 % of India's clothing market with a ratio of 60:40 in favour of women.Quite a few mass market retailers had smelt this opportunity long back even though the market continues to remain largely untapped. According to a Technopak analysis, the demand for fashionable plus-size apparel in India has accelerated and quite a few players like aLL (by Pantaloons), Mustard and Revolution, are competing in the RTW (ready-to-wear ) plus-size opportunity. Other well-known private retail brands in the category include Plus S, X'Mex , Gia by Westside and Just Your Size, for both men and women.The potential of the segment is not lost on ecommerce websites either. As Manu Kumar Jain, MD, Jabong.com, says, \"There are not enough plus size brands in the country. It's a huge market opportunity waiting to be tapped.\"The fact that the awareness of this plus size opportunity is trickling beyond the apparel retail stores, designer brands and e-tailers is evident in niche stores coming up in cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chandigarh and Jaipur. This is the market that sisters Neelam and Meenakshi Gupta had hoped to draw on when they launched their plus size store Damayanti in Jaipur in 2008. \"Clothes for plus-size women don't pay attention to style and just flatten out the smaller sizes. We wanted to change that as even within this segment, body types vary.\" The attention to style paid off for the sisters and they now have a fixed clientele. The economics of plus size seems to be slowly opening up great opportunities for people across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918987", "title": "UP minister's aides thrash guest house incharge", "text": "LUCKNOW: Associates of a minister of state in Akhilesh Yadav government thrashed a junior engineer incharge of a government guest house in Mirzapur after he expressed his inability to book the guest house for them, as it was already occupied by another sitting Samajwadi Party MLA. The incident took place on Thursday night and the government employees have threatened to go on a statewide agitation, if the identified associates of the minister are not arrested by Saturday night.The sequence of events started around 9.00 pm on Thursday, when associates of a minister of state Kailash Chaurasia reached the Bard Sagar Guest House (Transit Hostel) at Birshah Road in Mirzapur and asked the junior engineer incharge of the premises Rajesh Kumar Yadav to book the premises for Chaurasia's stay starting Sunday morning.According to the JE, he told the minister's men that all the three rooms of the guest house were already booked by the sitting SP MLA Ram Singh Patel, son of sitting SP MP Bal Kumar Patel. \"I told them that they have already arrived and will stay here till Tuesday as per the records. This left them visibly agitated and they started using foul language. I kept calm and approached Patel for help. The MLA was kind enough to ask his men to vacate one of the rooms for the minister. I came back to the reception thinking that the crisis has been resolved. But, the moment I told the minister's men that one room has been spared, they went berserk,\" Yadav said.The minister's men thrashed the JE comparing the arrangement with alms that one offers to the beggars. They left a badly bruised and battered Yadav.Once the colleagues of the JE came to know about the incident, they informed the departmental bosses seeking their intervention to initiate action against the accused. After the engineers failed to get any positive response from their departmental bosses till Friday morning, they staged a protest outside the guest house threatening to go on a statewide strike.The situation was resolved, but not before the additional district magistrate Mirzapur DS Pandey and circle officer Mirzapur deputy superintendent of police Ashok Rai reached the spot and ordered for lodging an FIR against identified associates of the minister who assaulted the JE.Though the protest was dissolved thereafter, the state engineers threatened to proceed on indefinite strike unless the named accused were arrested latest by Saturday night. No arrests were however reported till late on Saturday in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14920239", "title": "Goa needs a quality pubic transport system", "text": "A good public transport system forms the basis of a good urban lifestyle, and effective governance makes for its success or failure. A basic failing in Goa over the decades is the poor quality of its public transport, be it buses, taxis or auto rickshaws. They are a law unto themselves and answerable to no one. The proposal by the government to fix digital metres and GPS is welcome. The operators are in no mood to accept them and have resisted such attempts in the past. Ask any consumer and they will complain bitterly about the exorbitant charges. I had to go to Panaji for personal work and on returning to Porvorim around midday took a rickshaw who charged me Rs 250 for the short trip. A relative who had come from Mumbai for a family occasion staying at Calangute, wanted to visit a relative in Margao. His wife being disabled, they had to take a cab to and fro. The taxi operator demanded Rs 4,500 for the journey. Goa, is the only place in India where taxis and autorickshaws do not operate on metres. If the trade is so adamant, then, the government should think of an alternative public transport.Robin R D'Souza", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917304", "title": "Navy boats keep a watch on Hoogly", "text": "KOLKATA: Next time you are crossing the Hooghly, keep your eyes peeled for two gleaming white speedboats with light-machine guns mounted on their decks. They are part of the Navy's latest acquisition that is being used for surveillance of vessels entering the river from the sea.For the time being, they are operating along the Hooghly and maintaining watch on possible 'intruders' who may want to carry out a 26/11 like strike on Kolkata. After the monsoons, they will be deployed further downstream to control the movement of vessels at the point where the river flows into the Bay of Bengal.According to sources, this is part of an enhanced security alert that has been sounded after intelligence agencies warned of a possible 26/11 like attack on other cities. Intelligence reports have pointed to heightened activity by marine units of terror outfits in coastal areas of Pakistan. An attack may not necessarily be carried out on a city in the western coast.Kolkata can be a possible target as the sea lanes between India and Bangladesh are largely unprotected and pass through the Sunderbans.\"Even Bangladesh is wary of its waterways being used by terror outfits planning to carry out a strike on India. Bangladesh has already enhanced security to maintain a watch of vessels. We have done the same on our side. We have also set up a customs check-post to monitor the entry of vessels into India from Bangladesh. This has reduced the stretch of unprotected area that ships from Bangladesh used to traverse on their way to India. In spite of these measures, monitoring is essential at the mouth of the Hooghly as there are several uncharted waterways in the area. Regular meetings are also being convened to discuss coastal security,\" a source revealed.West Bengal has already got a number of small interceptor boats, some of which are moored near the Man-O-War Jetty in Kolkata.The Navy is also training a Sagar Prahari Bal to man these boats and intercept and board a suspect vessel.The interceptor speedboats of the Navy are different though. They are better equipped to prevent a terror strike from the sea.\"We have received the two interceptor speed boats for coastal security. One of them is undergoing some repairs at the moment. When the weather improves, they will be deployed further downstream,\" said Commodore Brian A Thomas, naval-officer-in-charge, West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14918780", "title": "No country free from dope cheats: WADA", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Olympic Games round the corner, the WADA is gearing up to fight the menace of doping. The agency's spokesperson Terence O'Rorke told TOI that athletes who dope now have more money at their disposal to use sophisticated methods. And that makes the fight even more tough. He, however, would not directly answer questions on WADA's views of India.Excerpts:How's WADA looking at India, particularly as there have been some dope-related incidents recently?Intelligence is playing an increasing role in the testing of athletes and this intelligence is being shared more and more amongst the anti-doping community across the world. If there is intelligence that suggests athletes from a particular country or sport should be target tested then this will be used by the IOC and LOCOG , and also by UK Anti-Doping, which is responsible for testing athletes in training camps in the UK ahead of the Games.How foolproof, keeping in mind all the modern methods of cheating, is the system of sample collection and testing?The collection and analysis of samples will always be the bedrock of the fight against doping in sport, but WADA is aware that testing does have its limitations. While it might be more difficult to dope and remain undetected today than it was 10 years ago, there also is a lot more money in sport these days that allows athletes access to sophisticated doping methods and substances. These sophisticated dopers are often supported by an entourage that can include doctors and scientists, and it is a challenge for the anti-doping community to keep abreast of the latest doping techniques.For this reason, WADA has developed partnerships with law enforcement agencies such as Interpol and the World Customs Organization to develop intelligence on the sources of substances and to share this intelligence with anti-doping authorities worldwide. WADA also has partnerships with pharmaceutical companies that allow the sharing of information on medicines that have the potential to be abused by doping athletes. This information can help WADA to develop early detection methods.Would you say athletes in countries like India take drug out of ignorance? Or, is the show of ignorance just a way to cheat?In WADA's experience, no sport or country is free from athletes who wish to dope. There always will be people in society who try to cheat and take shortcuts, whether it be those who try to avoid paying taxes, students who cheat in exams, or academics who plagiarize other people's work. Sport is no different and we have to accept that doping always will happen. It will never be eradicated and WADA's role is to help reduce it to a satisfactory minimum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "weight loss surgery", "code": "14942872", "title": "Healthy weight loss: Exercise versus liposuction", "text": "Weight Loss Surgery: The last resort for morbidly obese peopleWhy weight loss surgery: Weight loss surgery can be a last resort for people who have a BMI ranging from 35 to 40 and those who suffer from overweight health conditions such as serious sleep apnea, obesity-related heart disease, or diabetes. For some, the danger of death from not undergoing a surgery could be possibly bigger than the possible complications involved from undertaking the procedures.Things to keep in mind when undergoing weight-loss surgery. In most of the cases, as a candidate you have to show the evidence of endeavours at dietary weight loss which have been unsuccessful, for the surgery to get approved. Your doctor may also call for a psychological assessment which would conclude your probable response to losing weight by surgery. Most of the medical practitioners require candidates to exhibit their motivation levels as to why they should undergo physical weight loss surgery. In addition to it, various medical studies are performed to evaluate the health of your body such as heart and functioning of hormonal system. Nutritional and dietary counselling is also a must to practice before and after the surgery.Why weight loss surgery is not meant for you. For patients who tend to remain sternly obese even after undergoing non-surgical procedures of weight loss, or for people who are a victim of obesity-related disorders, surgery is not 'the' answer to end their weighty problems.Positive effects of weight loss surgery. Patients who are victims of serious obesity , tend to see serious improvements within the span of one year, if not sooner. One can also witness a huge improvement in cardiovascular conditions, such as hypertension, diabetes , high cholesterol and weight-related issues. One might also feel less stress, quite dramatically after surgery. One might also stop experiencing knee joint pain post surgery. Breathing disorders, such as asthma and sleep apnea may also generally improve. Borderline diabetics may see a reversal in their symptoms.Side-effects of bariatric surgery. Psychological side-effects of rapid weight loss after surgery may result in lack of energy, depression and a lack in self-confidence. Other side-effects range from dehydration, deficiency of vitamins, kidney stones, gall stones and effects to the skin. Thus, you should opt for a weight loss surgery, only if it is totally necessary, after talking it out at length with your doctor. One might also suffer from many possible complications after weight loss surgery.Exercise: The best way to lose weight and keep it off - the healthy wayWhy exercise: Exercising enhances body fitness and ensures mental wellness. If performed on a regular basis, exercise keeps many health diseases at bay. Regular exercising helps in lowering risk of heart diseases and strokes, managing blood pressure and helps in controlling high cholesterol, while also reducing risk of obesity. It prevents diabetes, controlling weight and boosting brain cognitive functions. It also helps in preventing osteoporosis by strengthening bones and joints, builds overall strength and body stamina and alleviates mood and reduces stress and depression.Things to keep in mind when opting for an exercise routine. Be clever about setting the right goals. Motivate yourself with images of the body you want to achieve or the life you want to live once you are healthier and fit. Keep in mind that each exercise routine must include elements of cardiovascular exercise, weight or resistance training, flexibility, balance and core. Without these elements your exercise routine will be incomplete and not benefit overall fitness in the long term.Why exercising is not meant for you. There is no such thing. From time to time, you might get bored of a workout or fail to see more results, but the solution to that is progressing in your workouts and beating the plateau. Avoid undertraining or overtraining, stay focused on your goals, compliment the exercise with a balanced and healthy diet, and you'll always feel fit.Positive effects of exercising. Exercise lowers high blood pressure because it regulates vascular tone, improves blood flow, and normalizes chemical and neurotransmitter release. Exercising reduces bad cholesterol and improves good cholesterol. Whenever you exercise, your personal worth increases because it gives you a feeling of having done something good, rather than sitting passively and brooding over issues. When you exercise, the body releases chemical substances known as endorphins which relieve stress and make you feel good. This boosts your confidence. Regular exercise makes your immune system strong and well equipped to fight various diseases and infections. As you remain disease free, there is a sense of pride . Exercise gives you a good appearance and your body image improves.Side effects of exercising. There are no side effects of exercising! As long as you take adequate rest in between workouts (if the intensity is high and your trainer advises it), and eat to support the exercise, you will only see benefits.Read more Personal Health, Diet &amp; Fitness stories on www.healthmeup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917245", "title": "Rajarhat hub gets one bid in 4 months", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had laid the foundation stone of the international financial hub at Rajarhat New Town in March amid huge publicity and expectations. Four months have passed since then, but the much-hyped hub has managed to attract only a single investment proposal all this while.Union minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy on Saturday said he will call an investors' meet in Delhi to convince them to invest their money on the hub. Speaking at a seminar on 'Densification of Cities', organised by Hidco on Saturday, Roy said , \"The urban development ministry will hold a meeting in Delhi soon with big financial and banking institutes to discuss investment possibilities,\" Roy said.With only a single application in its kitty, Hidco has now extended the deadline till July 31 for submitting applications for setting up offices in the financial hub. Big financial houses with an annual turnover of an excess of Rs 500 crore are eligible to set up offices in the hub.The hub , when fully completed, will spread on 100 acre. In the first phase, it will come up on 25 acre only. Also, the floor space in Synthesis building, which is a part of the hub, will also be available for the companies interested in setting up units here.At Saturday's seminar, Roy assured that the second phase of work under the JNNURM scheme will start off within a few months. The first phase of work is scheduled to be completed by 2014.Speaking in the seminar, union urban development ministry secretary Sudhir Krishna said that the main challenge of urbanisation is to accommodate the increasing number of people. ther importance is to set up multi storied flats rather than individual plots to accommodate more people in the same area.Focusing on New Town, it was reflected in the seminar that the city's transport system, overall look, growth and natural resources need to overhauled to attract investments. More stress should be given on community transport and look into checking pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916192", "title": "Are lawyers above the law?", "text": "NAGPUR: Lawyers are looked as missionaries who help in delivery of justice, but when they themselves start taking law into their own hands, they should be treated at par with criminals, feel a section of lawyers and social activists. In latest case, District Bar Association (DBA) president Sudeep Jaiswal's act of slapping a cop on duty and also thrashing of Methodist School principal Michael Samuel Morde has raised severe question mark on entire lawyers fraternity conduct. Quite shockingly, the lawyers' fraternity, at least in the Nagpur District and Sessions Court premises, has declared their support to Jaiswal's unlawful activities. However, High Court Bar Association (HCBA) had categorically declined to support the strike call given by DBA in support of Jaiswals alleged unlawful activities.Some lawyers from DBA itself had also flayed Jaiswal's antics and told TOI that earlier also he was involved in such misbehaviors, even inside the courtrooms, and was reprimanded several times by the judges for that.Social activist Nitesh Sehata alleged that there were already three offenses registered against Jaiswal.\"There is a law stating that no vehicle can be parked within a range of 10 meters at the entry or the exit gate of the court building. But, Jaiswal and a few more lawyers have time and again neglected any such restrictions and continued parking their respective vehicles according to their fancy. In return, the authorities intervened and tried to maintain law and order, he entered into heated arguments with them every time,\" said Sehata.In agreement with him, former DBA secretary Prakash Jaiswal said such kind of condemnable acts were unaccepted. \"We are not supporting Jaiswal and his associates in the strike as we feel his behavior was highly inappropriate. No one is above the law and we expect a person of such high repute to act in a more dignified manner. Also, Jaiswal's actions in the past have been highly controversial,\" he added.Earlier on Friday, Jaiswal was caught on camera allegedly slapping a police constable deployed near the gate of the Nyaya Mandir that houses the District snd Sessions Court. Jaiswal was booked by Sadar police for assault, obstructing a government employee from discharging duty and some other charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916630", "title": "Polio drive stepped up in Badarpur", "text": "NEW DELHI: The polio surveillance programme has been intensified in the Badarpur area of south Delhi where two cases of acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) - a clinical symptom of polio - were reported recently. Officials claim that the stool culture report of the two children has tested negative for the polio virus. However, another suspect, an eight-year-old girl from the same area, was admitted at Safdarjung Hospital two days ago. Sources said her test report is awaited.\"The girl doesn't have a history of fever neither has she been put in the HOT category by WHO. We have to wait for the report before arriving at any conclusion,\" said a government official.Dr CM Khanijo, officer on special duty, Delhi pulse polio programme, said that confirmation tests for polio are conducted even on slightest suspicion.Of the two children investigated for polio, one is four-and-a-half years old. The child was suffering from facial nerve paralysis. \" We conducted stool tests and clinical examination to look into the possibility of the child suffering from polio but the samples tested negative,\" said Khanijo.A person suffering from AFP experiences weakness/paralysis in the muscles. Apart from polio, there could be many reasons for AFP, including poisoning transverse myelitis, Guillain Barre syndrome, Reye's syndrome and enteroviral encephalopathy.Investigations showed that he too wasn't suffering from polio.AFP is a condition in which the patient has weakness or paralysis in his/her muscles, accompanied by reduced muscle tone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924011", "title": "Four held for Rs 25 lakh burglary at Dahisar jewellery shop", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons, including the employee of a jewellery store, were arrested on Saturday for looting 1 kg gold jewellery worth Rs 25 lakh from Moti Jewellers in Dahisar (E). The police solved the case within eight hours after officials found no signs of forced entry. They suspected insider involvement. The accused\u2014 Devendra Singh, Kushal Singh, Kishan Rajput and Ishwar Singh Rajput\u2014 are all natives of Rajasthan.The Dahisar police was informed of the robbery on Saturday morning. Devendra, an employee of the store, stated that he was asleep inside the store along with two other employees when three robbers forced the shutter open. He added that the unidentified robbers brandished knives and threatened the employees to hand over all valuables.\"Devendra's statement seemed suspicious. None of the employees had been assaulted. On sustained interrogation, Devendra confessed that he had hatched the robbery plot along with three men from his hometown,\" said senior inspector Ansar Pirzade.He added that Devendra told the police that his aides were to board a bus to Rajasthan from Andheri, carrying the loot. The three were found at the bus stop and taken into custody. \"We haven't given a clean chit yet to the two other employees who were asleep in the store with Devendra. If they are found involved, we will nab them. Most of the loot has been recovered,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14915395", "title": "Pulikali troupes show withdrawal symptoms", "text": "THRISSUR: Pulikali, (the play of tigers), a colourful recreational art form performed by artistes dressed up as leopards and tigers to entertain people on the fourth day of Onam, in Thrissur district, is losing its sheen with pulikali troupes in the district facing financial problems. And this has resulted in the decline in number of troupes participating in pulikali each year.Thirteen teams participated in pulikali in 2008; in 2009 it was 11 and in 2010 it was 10. Last year, only eight teams took part. This year, only three teams -- Veliyannur, East Fort and Puthole -- have so far expressed willingness to participate. The last day for registration is this Sunday.\"Each team needs to spend nearly Rs 6 lakh a year, and troupes are finding it difficult to procure this amount. Last year, tourism department and the Thrissur Corporation gave Rs 50,000 and Rs 35,000, respectively to each team. That was not enough. We have written to the tourism department to allot Rs 30 lakh for conducting pulikali in Thrissur this year,\" said Baby P Antony, Pulikali Coordination Committee secretary. Each team will have 41-51 pulikali dancers.Each team incurring expenses on payment for dancers, paint, aramani, mask, professional charge, melam, tabloid, food expenses of dancers, transportation charge of dancers and their daily expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14917210", "title": "Extortionist held in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: Extortionist Sanjay Kole, 35, a close aide of notorious criminal Palash, was arrested by the Howrah police on Saturday. He has several charges of extortion, murder and other criminal activities against him. Police said that Kole was earlier arrested and released on bail.On Friday morning, Kole allegedly demanded money from a promoter-cum-businessman of Belur. Kole demanded Rs 5 lakh as extortion money from him.In the afternoon, Kole again demanded another Rs 1 lakh from him and also threatened to kill him. He later went to the businessman's shop and took away some electronics goods.The businessman then lodged a complaint at Bally police station. The police then conducted raids and nabbed the criminal. He was produced before the court and remanded to three days of police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944214", "title": "Raksha Bandhan: Rakhi Bazar organized ahead of the occasion", "text": "KANPUR: Women of the industrial came together at special Rakhi Bazar organized in a restaurant at Mcrobertganj on Saturday. Hundreds of 'Rakhies', each unique in style, in various forms and prices were displayed at the Bazar which witnessed a large number of buyers and extolment.Different types of Rakhies were displayed in the 'Rakhi Bazar'. The special gold/silver plated Rakhi, thread Rakhi, fragrance Rakhi hogged the limelight at the expo. Though Raksha Bandhan is still a fortnight to go but the enthusiasm was commendable. Raksha Bandhan is falling on August 2 this year but the people have started shopping for their siblings.According to the event organizers, more than 50 stalls were set-up of various brands and styles. The special gold and silver plated rakhies, 'rakhi thali', cartoon rakhi were a must see at the Bazar. The range of these special hand and machine made rakhies varied from Rs 20 to Rs 500. There were many things at the Bazar that attracted the women. Various forms of slippers, sarees, tops and dresses were also available.\"I bought five rakhis of different styles and price. I have been visiting the rakhi Bazar every year. The special feature of the Bazar is the hand made rakhis that are available at very affordable price,\" said Nandita, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919025", "title": "14-day old boy abducted from Maninagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 35-year old woman filed a complaint with Maninagar police officials that her 14-day old son had been abducted by a woman who had recently become her acquaintance. Police have started a search on the basis of the woman's description.According to investigators, Savita Chauhan, 35, a resident of Kolaba na Chhapra near Prem Darwaja, had given birth to a baby boy 14 days ago, in a maternity home in the walled city. She had then come in contact with a woman who identified herself as Urmila, a resident of Kalapinagar in Meghaninagar. She told her that as a mother, she was eligible for monetary benefits from the state government and offered to be her agent.\"They developed a relationship and in the matter of a fortnight began visiting each other's houses. Chauhan's husband also knew her as a social worker. As per Chauhan's complaint, Urmila called her up at 10 am on Friday and asked her to enroll for vaccination. She went to meet her at Kesar Residency. Urmila then offered her a juice to drink. On drinking it, she lost consciousness. When she woke up, Urmila was not there. She rushed home and found that Urmila had taken away her child away saying she would get him vaccinated. There was no sign of her after that,\" said R K Zala, inspector of Maninagar police station.Chaudhary and her husband also went to her residence but she had left the home. Police have started a search for her on the basis of their questioning of the residents of Meghaninagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944662", "title": "Heavy downpour lashes Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy downpour lashed the city for the second consecutive day on Saturday.This gave a dip to mercury and a perfect atmosphere to the citizens for outings and picnics on weekend. The rains started from southern parts of the city and lashed many areas afterward.Meanwhile, the rains also gave a toll to humidity which added to the woes of the commuters. The humidity recorded for morning was 83% which further increased to 85% in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14946587", "title": "Rising player injury toll worries Cricket Australia", "text": "MELBOURNE: Cricketers and administrators associated with Australian cricket have expressed concern over the rising injury toll among the current crop of players.Seemingly every time you turn on the telly or pick up a newspaper, another Australian cricketer has gone down injured.Teenage pace gun Patrick Cummins, Shane Watson and former one-day specialist Brett Lee are the latest on the injury list.Then, there are the likes of Mitchell Johnson , James Pattinson , Ryan Harris , Peter Siddle , Dave Warner and even skipper Michael Clarke who have battled injuries in the past 12 months.Queenslander Harris, who will need a new knee when he retires, concedes it is a bewildering time for Australian cricket with no obvious answer to the injury curse.\"I was driving home the other day and I had a quiet moment to think . . . I did wonder why England's fast bowlers like James Anderson haven't been breaking down, yet we have had so many injury problems,\" Harris told The Sunday Mail.Respected former Australian chairman of selectors Trevor Hohns , now Queensland selection boss, is one who certainly believes young bowlers must have tough, hard cricket under their belts.\"It is unfortunate that some fast bowlers haven't had a full season of tough Shield cricket under their belts before playing Test cricket,\" news.com.au quoted Hohns, as saying.Hohns added: \"That appears to be one of the problems to me.\"Harris, who has his own well-documented series of problems, believes injury and workload management will be the key issue leading into the Ashes.However he does not believe the wave of sports science is behind the injury crisis.\"We do get prescribed limits of how many deliveries we can bowl in the nets at certain times,\" Harris revealed. \"But it is also up to the player. If I feel underdone and want to bowl another 40 deliveries in the nets, then I tell the staff. They might not like it, but there is no problem with me doing it. I do think sports science has done a lot for cricket and the amount of information we have at our fingertips is terrific.\"\"I don't know what we need to change to try to stop these injuries happening,\" he said.Harris advocates an injury think-tank but says medical and sports science staff frequently contact players by email and phone.Former Test bowler Stuart Clark worries that rising pace stars such as Cummins are sent mixed messages.\"We all have to be on one wavelength with Pat Cummins, because he's a fine prospect,\" Clark said recently.\"The poor kid is just confused. He needs one solid training program, probably set by Cricket Australia, and then run with it.\"Cricket Australia's team performance manager Pat Howard told The Sunday Mail that player workloads were increasingly harder to manage.\"We monitor data pretty carefully, but you have guys playing for Chennai, for Glamorgan, for South Australia and for plenty of other teams around the globe,\" Howard said.\"They are professional cricketers and have got to play somewhere. One thing I am not sure about is resting bowlers too much - we want them to bowl consistently and be match-hardened. If a guy is ready to play, he should play,\" Howard added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14944642", "title": "Omar Abdullah announces relief for J&K; bus mishap victims", "text": "SRINAGAR: Expressing grief over the death of 15 persons in a road mishap, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Sunday announced an ex-gratia relief of Rs one lakh to the next of kin of each victim.An official spokesman said that Omar sanctioned an ex-gratia relief of Rs one lakh each in favour of the next of kin of the pilgrims who died in the accident.He also sanctioned a sum of Rs 10,000 each for those injured in the mishap that took place in Ramban district on Saturday night, he said.Fifteen people, believed to be Amarnath pilgrims, were killed and 18 others injured when an SRTC bus skidded off the Jammu-Srinagar highway and rolled down into a deep gorge.The state road transport corporation bus carrying Amarnath pilgrims was on its way from Kashmir Valley to Jammu when it rolled down into the Digdol nallah around 11.20pm on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14919440", "title": "Colleges stress on healthy interaction between students", "text": "MADURAI: Colleges in Madurai have evolved their own system of promoting interaction between junior and senior students after ragging and other untoward incidents became a cause for concern in educational institutions. Most colleges conduct orientation programmes when freshers step into the college.Mercy Pushpalatha, principal of Lady Doak College says that the college has an anti-ragging committee consisting of students, parents and faculty. Students can call any of the three official phone numbers of the committee that are displayed everywhere on the campus in case they face any trouble. Besides, when the first-year students arrive at the hostel, the college management makes it a point to meet their parents and assure them of taking care of their wards, she said. \"We believe in teaching our students that bullying is wrong and conduct orientation programme for freshers as well as seniors even before the first years step in,\" she said.The American College in the city too has orientation programmes for their wards when the first-year students come in. Besides the anti-ragging committee, the college has an anti-ragging squad consisting of the hostel warden, NCC officer, dean of women studies and faculty who constantly check the campus for any ragging activity, M Davamani Chritober, principal of the college said. V Abhai Kumar, principal of the Thiagarajar College of Engineering said that the college organises a welcome ceremony for the first-year students and are taken on a campus tour, accompanied by seniors and faculty. \"We promote interaction between juniors and seniors in a gradual manner, involving them in many activities. By the second semester, juniors are absorbed into special interest groups and various departmental activities are organized,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Madurai Medical College is planning a variety of events for the freshers who are expected to arrive by August 1. \"We are planning a three-day event and the first year students will also be taken on a tour of Madurai city in the evening. Further, one of the faculty members will stay with the hostel students at night and on the third day, students will interact with the commissioner of police, Sanjay Mathur,\" M Mohan, Dean of Madurai Medical College said. They have already consisted an anti-ragging committee and the college is planning to install CCTVs in the premises, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918266", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation's drive against drain encroachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Municipal Corporation has decided to carry out an extensive drive against those who have encroached drains leading to waterlogging. Municipal commissioner Nagendra Prasad Singh on Saturday said that the corporation will give a week's time to people to remove all such encroachments.\"After this, the corporation will carry out a drive against all encroachers,\" Singh said, a day after urban development minister Azam Khan said that the government would bring in a legislation to make encroachment a cognizable offence.The drive comes in the wake of heavy waterlogging that exposed the works carried out under the JNNURM. Not only the faulty construction, but also the unawareness amongst the residents, who often throw garbage in an open drain, has been a cause of concern for the municipal authorities grappling with waterlogging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14923191", "title": "Now, pay Rs 5 lakh and have your own FM station", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a move to bring FM radio to rural India, the government will consider allowing small towns with population of about 1 lakh to have FM stations with a limited footprint. The cost of frequency for these non-news channels will be just Rs 50 lakh.The ministry of information and broadcasting plans to auction 839 channels in 249 cities in phase III of the bidding, Union I&B; minister Ambika Soni said.The cities have been divided into four groups \u2014 A,B,C and D \u2014 according to their population. Cities under category D are the ones with maximum population of one lakh like Ambala in Haryana, Bharuch in Gujarat, Bharatpur in Rajasthan and Bokaro in Jharkhand.To bid for a station in such cities, a sum of just Rs 50 lakh is required as mininum net worth, in addition to the bidding price which starts from a minimum reserve price of Rs 5 lakh.\"The objective is to bring the creative best in young boys and girls of small towns. Let them have their voice and tell rest of the people. Let them hold their microphones and become radio jockeys of small towns. This is different from community radio,\" said Soni.To create more channels for individuals hoping to have their own FM station, Soni said she has also forwarded a proposal to the Cabinet to reduce the minimum channel spacing for FM.\"The additional spectrum means we could auction more channels, bids for which could be made as low as the reserve price of Rs 5 lakh,\" she said. However, for this, an individual must own a company which is registered under the Company's Act, 1956.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14946796", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram railway division scores high on time management", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A focused move from the Southern Railway Thiruvananthapuram division to improve punctuality of running trains has started giving good results.According to highly placed railway officials, 99% trains are now reaching the Central station and other destinations on time. They also pointed out that this punctuality rate was the best in the country.Divisional railway manager (DRM) Rajesh Aggrawal told TOI that the exercise which began in October 2011 was initiated after realizing the declining standard in maintaining the timetable in the state.\"By reducing boarding time at railway stations and increasing speed between stations ensured trains reaching destinations on time,\" he said.\"With just single lines between Thiruvananthapuram and Ernakulam through Kottayam and Alappuzha we were virtually helpless to improve matters. The punctuality rate at that time was below 80% and trains used to reach destinations very late. Since track doubling works were progressing at a slow pace due to land acquisition issues, we had to consider other alternatives. After discussions with the operating department, the division zeroed in on increasing the speed of trains and reducing boarding time and it has brought good results,\" Aggrawal said.Currently, only major stations like Thrissur, Ernakulam, Kottayam and Kollam have a five-minute stop, while trains which stop at minor stations will not be stationed there for more than one minute.In between stations the speed has been increased up to 80 km/hr against the previous average of 60 km/hr.Adding that infrastructure bottlenecks continue to be an impediment, the DRM stated that a major emphasis is being considered for clear and smooth passage of trains.\"For this we are coordinating with Palakkad division and all efforts would be made on the part of the Kerala railway administration to speed up track doubling works. At the moment we are planning augmentation of coaches on passenger trains so as to increase capacity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14948379", "title": "Doping menace more rampant among junior athletes: Sumariwala", "text": "BANGALORE: Doping is more rampant among junior athletes than top ranked ones and the National Anti-Doping Agency should \"tighten the screws\" to curb the menace, Athletics Federation of India president Adille J Sumariwalla said.\"I don't think top Indian athletes are doping, but the menace is more rampant and juniors. I have asked NADA to check every single winner and record holder on whether they have used banned drugs,\" he said.He said strong action would be taken not only against erring athletes but also their coaches by booking them under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.\"I have also asked NADA to conduct surprise checks to curb athletes from using such drugs. Unless and until we do things drastically this will continue,\" he added.He expressed confidence that athletes would not use performance enhancing drugs during competitions abroad as they would be rigorously tested.\"I don't think anybody is stupid to dope,\" he added. He said he had requested IOA to arrange special passes for three-time world shot put champion John Godina to attend the training sessions of discus thrower Vikas Gowda.Gowda had wanted his father to be named as a coach, but it was difficult for the selection panel to accommodate him, given restrictions on number of officials to be sent to Olympics, he said.\"It is important to understand how the system works. We are 14 athletes. We get one-third quota which includes manager, doctor and coach. We have place for three coaches. If we include Godina and Gowda's father, then 13 other athletes will have one coach,\" he said.Asked who are the favourites to win a medal for India, he said six athletes, who qualified with 'A' standard, including shot putter Om Prakash Singh and Vikas Gowda , would feature in the finals.\"Once they are in finals, we only hope our athletes will have a good day and others don't,\" he said.He said if all six qualified with 'A' standard could improve their personal best and they have a good chance to win a medal.\"In which event they can win, it is very difficult to say,\" he said.He said India would have to be practical as it didn't have athletes ranked in the top six of the world.\"But I would love them to improve the personal best.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14938497", "title": "It was a joy to pad up against Brett Lee: Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their on-field face-offs were among the most exhilarating sights in international cricket and as Australian speedster Brett Lee drew curtains on his injury-ravaged career, senior Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar paid tribute to him saying that it was a \"joy\" to pad up against the pacer.\"BrettLee_58 Its been a joy to play against u Binga. Congratulations for a successful career.... All the best wishes to you for the future,\" tweeted Tendulkar.Lee responded with as much respect, saying that the Indian brought out the best in him.\"@sachin_rt yes mate it's been fun. Thanks for all the hard battles on the pitch. You definitely brought the best out of me,\" said the 35-year-old, who endured several injuries in a 13-year career before calling it day on Friday.Not just Tendulkar, Yuvraj Singh , recuperating after undergoing chemotherapy for a rare germ cell cancer, also lauded the affable Australian, often described as 'the smiling assasin'.\"A man who always bowld his heart out A match winnr champion bowlr wrld clas athlete a lovely friend a good human I'm sad bret lee hs retired,\" said Yuvraj.\"My favourite lee moment 2004 india vs aus at perth vb series ! Gilly was standing on 30 yard circle and binga was firing 155km! Phew!!,\" recalled the left-hander.Lee was quick to acknowledge, saying \"@YUVSTRONG12 thanks legend, hope you're going strong.\"Tendulkar also paid tribute to South Africanb wicketkeeper Mark Boucher who was forced to retire recently after sustaining an eye injury.\"Markb46 What a tragic injury to end Mark Boucher's career. Certainly one of the greatest wkt keepers the game has seen. SA will miss him,\" he said on the social networking site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14950260", "title": "47 primary school students in Gujarat caned for complaining against delay in midday meal", "text": "VADODARA: As many as 47 students of a government primary school at Brahmanvasi village in Gujarat were allegedly beaten up by their woman teacher for raising voice against delay in getting midday meals, police said on Sunday.The incident came to light on Saturday after Jayantibhai Somabhai, guardian of one of the students, lodged a police complaint against the teacher, identified as Bela Patel, at Padra police station.Patel has been shunted out after a hue and cry was generated over the incident.Following the complaint with police, district development officer Rakesh Shankar has asked the district education officer to submit the report on the incident.According to sources, the students of class V of the school had approached the chairman of school management committee, Raju Parmar, over inadequate supply of midday meal, following which he asked the principal of the school to look into the matter.On Friday, Patel allegedly summoned the children to a classroom and caned them, they said.While 24 out of 47 students had to be referred to a hospital at Padra town, five of them, namely Divyaben Padhiyar, Vishal Khumansinh, Jayshree Jitubhai Sindha, Lata Bhpuendra Parmar and Yogesh Subhash Parmar have reportedly received injuries on their backs.Meanwhile, Sarpanch of Brahmanvasi village panchayat, identified as Kamleshbhai, said the villagers will launch a protest seeking transfer of all the seven teachers of the school.The teachers are not interested in doing their duty. They are always busy talking over mobile phones,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14917461", "title": "Forest meet in July end", "text": "JAISALMER: The forest meeting of the committee constituted under the chairmanship of district collector Shuchi Tyagi to decide on the eco-sensitive zone around the Desert National Park will be held in the last week of this month.According to Tyagi, the first meeting of this committee will be held on the last day of July, in which limits of eco-sensitive zone of the park will be decided and problems, if any, will also be resolved.The creation of an eco-sensitive zone adjoining the park might pose problems for the people living in and around it.At present, the desert national park is spread over an area of 3,162 square km which encompasses 34 villages of Jaisalmer and 52 villages of Barmer and development activities in these villages have almost stopped.Neither new schools are being opened nor new system of communication could be established, even the work of Gadra canal project of Indira Gandhi canal is in abeyance along with road construction over the formation of eco-sensitive zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14918014", "title": "I've full confidence in Indian team: N Srinivasan", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Indian team embarking on a new season with new hopes, BCCI president N Srinivasan is optimistic that MS Dhoni's boys will resurrect the fortunes of the team. In a freewheeling interview with TOI, he talks about the Indian team, the DRS, IPL and domestic cricket. Excerpts from the interview:Tell us about the high point of your tenure as president of the India cricket board (BCCI)?There is no specific high point. In the last nine months, there have been several challenges including those at the ICC.After last year's World Cup win, Indian team's performance hasn't been as inspiring as was expected. We lost in England, Australia and in the Asia Cup. What, according to you, went wrong?I have always stated that I have full confidence in the performance of the Indian team. Yes it is a fact that we lost in England and in Australia. We did not do badly at the Asia Cup. We did have some bad luck. All teams go through a period when performance does not match expectations. In our case I think we are reaching a position where transition will slowly take place. We should not forget that one year ago the same team was the toast of India.Do you think the Indian team can regain the No. 1 Test team slot under MS Dhoni's captainship?I do not see any reason why they shouldn't.You need bowlers to win matches and the current crop of bowlers hasn't delivered as per expectations. Does it worry you? And do you think youngsters can fill the gap created by Rahul Dravid's retirement?It is always important that the team is well balanced. There have been occasions recently when the perceptions have been that our bowling attack is not quite there. However if you see the records from the recent past, it is our batting that has not delivered as much as expected. On our way to becoming No. 1 Test team in the world, we had relied a lot on our batting which performed exceedingly well. Therefore we cannot single out one aspect. I believe that as we go along, the balance will improve. As regards Rahul Dravid , I think everyone knows that it is not easy to fill his shoes. However, there are many youngsters who show promise.Don't you think that Dhoni at times is too frank in front of the media? For instance his comments like relinquishing Test captaincy in 2013 and so on...I think Dhoni addresses the media in a very balanced way.How did the BCCI convince the other Test-playing nations that DRS shouldn't be made compulsory during the recent ICC meeting in Kuala Lumpur ? Many believe the BCCI used its financial might to win over other boards...As regards DRS, I have on several occasions explained that the BCCI is not convinced about the accuracy of the technology. I do not think that such major decisions should be thrust on members who genuinely do not believe in the accuracy of the system. I am glad other Test-playing nations looked at it constructively.How do you perceive the recent suggestions from BCCI's technical committee to revamp domestic cricket?The BCCI gives a lot of importance to domestic cricket. I personally believe that we must have a robust domestic structure because that is the basis on which we can expect future players to evolve. The proposed format takes into account feedback of captains and coaches and intends to provide a greater number of competitive matches, which will help the players grow.It is learnt that Dravid will be inducted into the BCCI in some capacity. Is it true?I do not know what plans Dravid has.Whatever goes wrong with the national team, IPL is blamed. Do you think IPL is helping Indian cricket?There are lots of positives from the IPL. It has given our domestic players an opportunity to share the dressing room with the best Indian and international players which will certainly help them. It has also brought in new audiences to watch cricket. IPL 5 was a resounding success and it was very pleasing to see full attendance at all matches. I am glad IPL is functioning well.Former cricketer Dilip Vengsarkar recently expressed shock over the board's decision to ignore his name from the list of ex-cricketers who were honoured during the IPL. What was the reason behind ignoring names like Vengsarkar and Syed Kirmani?The one-time benefit was for cricketers in lieu of a benefit game. Those cricketers who already had a benefit match could therefore not be considered for a second benefit.When can we expect to see an India-Pakistan match next?This is not something I can answer at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14951955", "title": "Tollywood Industry revelry", "text": "Telugu film stars descended at an art gallery in Madhapur for the platinum disc function of an upcoming Tollywood flick.The film's lead pair Sumanth Ashwin and Rhea were seen bonding with tinseltown biggies like VV Vinayak, Allu Aravind, Shyamprasad Reddy, Maganti Ramji, MS Raju, Paruchuri Brothers, Gopal Reddy and many others who graced the filmi function held on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14923772", "title": "Watch out for viruses, li\u2019l ones are their Target No. 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Children frolicking happily in the rain is standard footage during the monsoon. But while youngsters love the wet weather, they are also most prone to the health problems that come in its wake. Given the poor immunity of children, they often become the first target of deadly viruses. Doctors say pneumonia, typhoid, dysentery, gastroenteritis and asthma complications are common among children during rains.The common flu is not to be taken lightly either. Most parents initially tend to delay treatment and Dr K Chugh, consultant pediatrician at Delhi's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, says he often gets cases of cough and cold turning into pneumonia, a leading cause of death among children under five. \"Good hygiene can help check most infections. Ingestion of contaminated food and water is another major problem during the rains which is responsible for diarrheal diseases. Children must not eat outside food, particular from hawkers and small bakeries,\" said Chugh.Dr Sanjeev Bagai, senior pediatrician and CEO of Radiant Life said immunisation for diseases like typhoid, hepatitis, meningitis and pneumonia should be considered. \"Children often complain of throat infection, body pain and fever.These are signs of viral infection . If one child in the class gets affected with cough and cold, others are prone to catch it,\" said another doctor.The monsoon also sees a spurt in mosquito-borne diseases like malaria, dengue and chikungunya. Doctor's advice : Keep mosquito coils and repellants handy during this season. \"If you have still water accumulating under your AC or anywhere around your house, make it a point to clear it to keep mosquitoes from breeding and spreading malaria and dengue to your kids. Also, remember to close the windows of your children's room after dusk, as this is the time when mosquitoes become most active,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14922374", "title": "BJP hopes to cut down Yeddyurappa to size", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP hopes the brittle truce worked out in Karnataka, although hostage to bitter factional equations, might give it some leeway to resist pressure politics from state stalwarts like ousted chief minister B S Yeddyurappa in the months ahead.The decision to install Jagadish Shettar as CM, driven by the Lingayat caste calculus, also reemphasized Yeddyurappa's critical role in BJP's scheme of things but the stage could now be set for a more subtle play of inner-party equations.While Yeddyurappa's pressure tactics undoubtedly hastened a change, a reevaluation of former CM Sadananda Gowda began even earlier after BJP's loss in the Udipi Chikmagalur Lok Sabha by-poll. Gowda's failure to defend the seat he had vacated set off alarm bells, with the setback brutally exposing his utility as a leader.A shrewd Yeddyurappa, already smarting under what he saw as Gowda's attempts to keep him entangled in cases of alleged graft, seized the opportunity and even agreed to a fellow Lingayat as a replacement. It was a case of priorities coalescing as the party's analysis showed that in the midst of defeat in Chikmagalur, the Lingayat vote had firmly stood by BJP.Sources revealed that as Shettar took charge and a list of cabinet inductees was drawn up on Thursday, Yeddyurappa again flexed his muscles. The issue at hand was the induction of two legislators, who had been involved in the infamous \"blue film\" watching episode in the Karnataka assembly. This time, however, the party brass refused to budge.It is understood that attempts to put up fresh resistance did not bear fruit due to lack of support and the new cabinet ministers were sworn in without further hiccups. The episode is far from decisive and Yeddyurappa will call the shots in many ways, but it offered a glimmer of hope to the party that it might resist being buffeted around by the powerful leader.A hard bargainer as Yeddurappa is, he has so far pulled back from the brink. With BJP looking to check his aggression, more tests of will can be anticipated but the party sees the installation of a Lingayat leader as the CM as a step in the right direction with the community given its due. As long as his cases linger, Yeddyurappa cannot hope to return as CM.BJP tactics in dealing with Yeddyurappa are aimed at making full use of his political skills in the 2014 parliamentary polls. Yet, the party is also keen to pare his ability to hold the state government to ransom with his trademark gunboat politics that make the high command kowtow to his demands.Unrelenting squabbles in BJP's Karnataka unit have been exacerbated by discontented leaders skillfully playing on fault lines in the party's central leadership. Yeddyurappa's opponents like Ananth Kumar have found the support of leaders in Delhi and drummed up periodic demands that his rival be expelled from the party.BJP president Nitin Gadkari and a majority of party's central leaders do not agree with those proposing harsh action against Yeddyurappa. They point out that the party has been able to build a support base of Lingayats, party cadre and a good section of backwards that will be reduced to smithereens if Yeddyurappa is shown the door.BJP has few options but to keep walking a tightrope till the national election, hoping no crisis - such as an adverse court judgement - puts Yeddyurappa under fresh pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14947197", "title": "Isha Sharvani is so cute: Karan Wahi", "text": "The chocolate boy of Indian television, Karan Wahi is in the news these days. It has been rumoured that Wahi ahs been approached to participate on the show.Karan, who follows dance reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa on and off, also has friends from the industry who are a part of Jhalak and for whom he's rooting all the way.But there is one particular contestant who has caught his eye and that is actress and dancer Isha Sharvani . Isha has managed to win the praises of judges and appreciation of her fans with her grace, charm, versatility and flexibility.After scoring 30/30 along with choreographer Salman for four weeks in a row, Isha is climbing the Jhalak ladder to victory slowly and surely.And TV actor Karan Wahi is all praises for the petite actress.\"Isha is so pretty. I don't care if she dances well or not. I just find her so cute and beautiful\". Adding, \"I'm impressed with Darsheel and I think Gurmeet will make it to the top. I like Pratyusha also since she is my friend\".If Karan makes a wild card entry on Jhalak , will he impress Isha?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14917927", "title": "Section 144 imposed to ensure safety of Kanwarias on NH-8", "text": "GURGAON: To ensure the safety of Kanwarias passing through Gurgaon, the district magistrate, P C Meena, has enforced Section 144. Meena said that a camp will be constructed for the Kanwarias, at a distance of at least 200 metres from the National Highway road, to make sure the flow of traffic is not disrupted.Meena also said that the Kanwarias from Rajasthan, Haryana and neighbouring states will have to pass through the district. Hence, the Kanwarias will rest in the camps and will also be provided with food there. As per rules set by the government, such camps should be at a distance of at least 50 metres. Police and the organizers of the camps have been instructed to follow the camping restrictions.Earlier, the city police had drawn a detailed plan to ensure smooth Kawad Yatra, especially on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. The policemen have been making rounds all around the city to provide security to the Kanwarias. Police commissioner K K Sindhu said that during the Kawad Yatra, 400 home guards have been deployed along with policemen. Heavy vehicles will not be allowed on the service lanes of the expressway. A senior police officer said that the traffic police have also updated the road side arrangements. He also said that the traffic police have asked D S C Ltd to make a separate lane on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, for the Kanwarias, who will be returning from Haridwar.\"We are making arrangements for the Kanwarias to reach their destination safely. Our PCR and riders team will also be on an alert 24X7, during the Kawad Yatra,\" said the Commissioner of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14925728", "title": "Illegal immigration makes survey on Punjab NRIs futile", "text": "CHANDIGARH : For a state which claims the \"highest\" number of NRIs from the country, it has become a matter for embarrassment and concern for the Punjab government that there are no figures available on the exact number of Punjabis abroad. A door-to-door campaign by the government in villages and cities seeking replies to number of family members abroad have met with severe hostility, on account of illegal immigrations, compelling the government to abandon the project.Ask the Punjab government about how many Punjabis are living abroad and you would get a baffling reply.\" We have no figures on this whatsoever,\"says the NRI minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia. He is ready with an explanation, though, \" we need to know how many Punjabis are living abroad and for this we launched a massive door-to-door information gathering campaign. Our representatives went to villages armed with questionnaires. But the fact that many people have gone through illegal ways and are not living legally abroad, our campaign met with stiff opposition and hostility,\"he said.NRI commissioner Ramesh Kumar Janta told TOI, \" Data collection on the number of Punjabi NRIs has become a huge challenge. The teams of deputy commissioners could hardly gather any inputs as villagers refused to part with information about their relatives. In fact there was such hostility that the project was dropped. But we are going to take it up again.\"Now, the state is turning to Gujarat to see how they have done the NRI census since the Gujarat government has come out with a smart card for non-resident Gujaratis that gives a string of incentives to the community. The card entails several benefits for the holders. They can avail up to 30 per cent discount on any purchase at 50 malls, hotels and traditional Indian garment stores the state government has tied up with.\" Even states like Gujarat and Kerala would have their share of illegal immigrations. A team from Gujarat was with us to study our NRI police stations and we are trying to find out how have they gathered information and how authentic is that,\" said Janta.Majithia said the government is not \"really interested to know how entry was made into foreign lands.\" \"People fear acknowledging illegal immigration for they think it might create problems for NRIs in their foreign homes. But we have to address these fears and convince people that the information will not be used against them,\" said Majithia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14949326", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi to protest tomorrow against AP power crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lashing out at the ruling Congress government for the power crisis in Andhra Pradesh , the TRS on Sunday said it would hold protests in Telangana region on Monday against frequent power outages.\"The long power cuts in the state are a result of the inefficiency of the state government...It lacks foresight,\" Telangana Rashtra Samithi president K Chandrasekhar Rao said in a media release.TRS cadres would organise road blockades in all mandal headquarters on Monday, he said.\"The farmers of Telangana are already in trouble due to deficient rainfall. Their woes are further compounded by the erratic power supply,\" the TRS chief said.He demanded that the state government offset the shortfall by purchasing power immediately and ensure uninterrupted supply to farmers and small industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14922927", "title": "Excise raids drive rum cakes, candies off Mumbai shelves", "text": "MUMBAI: Last week the staff of a South Mumbai firm, planning a surprise birthday party for a colleague, called its regular Dhobi Talao bakery for an aromatic rum cake that was the highlight of every office celebration. To its surprise the shop said it couldn't deliver one. Reason: it did not have a valid liquor permit.It's not just cakes. Liquor chocolate and even the common rum-and-raisin bar have become a casualty of the police and excise department's crackdown on illegal consumption of alcohol. \"Merely a spoonful of rum goes into the batter of a 1-kg cake. If one uses essence , two drops suffice,\" says the baker from Dhobi Talao who declined the order. \"Even with such minuscule amounts, the flavour is so strong that the whole room smells of rum when you put the cake out to cool.\" A chocolate bar of 15 to 18 gm contains barely two or three drops of rum. However, those who are not conversant with the recipe, like the raiding excise or police parties, are bound to think that substantial quantities of alcohol are being used.\"We barely make a profit of a hundred rupees on a 1-kg cake. It is not a fast-selling item either. At best we sell two or three units every week. It is unwise to jeopardise business for one item. So we have decided to stop preparing rum cake for now,\" adds the baker. \"We will procure a proper liquor permit.\"The confectioner does not feign ignorance of the rule, admitting that this is one of those archaic laws that neither the excise department nor the police had invoked before and was believed to have been buried under the sands of time. \"We have been making cakes and chocolates using real rum and whisky, including fine Scotch, for 13-14 years. However, we were shocked to read how an elderly lady was taken from her home to the police station for making liquor chocolates.\"Chocolatier Reena Anand from Andheri points out that it is mostly women who pursue chocolate-making as a hobby who have been affected by this rule. \"There are around 200 to 300 such entrepreneurs in Mumbai, in fact around 50 in Lokhandwala Complex alone. They busy themselves with perfecting their recipes and sourcing the best material. I wonder how many of them even know that they need a liquor permit to add a few drops of liquor to chocolate.\"Tim es ViewThe effect that antiquated laws have had on Mumbai can only be described as bizarre and Kafkaesque. Who would have thought that rum cakes and liqueur chocolates would become rarities in Mumbai? Our current crop of babus needs to understand that life has changed beyond recognition from the era when these quixotic laws were framed; they don't need to implement these relics from the past. And our legislators should just scrap these laws; for corrupt cops, these are weapons to blackmail people and wheedle money out of them. Mindless application of bizarre rules is making Mumbai a very sad place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918822", "title": "Avadi police on the lookout for murder victim's 'ghost'", "text": "CHENNAI: While the CB-CID is yet to make a breakthrough in the investigation into a murder of a teen girl in Avadi in 2008, the local police now have the unusual duty of looking for the 'ghost'of the victim.Residents of Kamaraj Nagar near Avadi, where 19-year-old S Radha's body was found on a ground, claimed to have been seeing a hazy human figure around midnight. Some have even captured the 'ghost' on camera. Muniyappan, a lathe worker in the locality, said he saw a figure clad in white move around the ground 12.20am on Wednesday. \"It looked like a woman without facial details. I called my friend Sukumaran who came and clicked a picture of the figure on his mobile. Immediately it disappeared,\" said Muniyappan.Muthumari, a 65-year-old woman, said on hearing about the 'ghost', she went there the next night. \"I saw it for a few seconds,\" she said. Several residents said they hear cries of a woman. \"She sounds like she's crying out some names which are not clear,\" said Muthumari. Local police said there is no clear evidence of these sightings, but that they have told the residents not to worry as beat policemen will be doing the rounds. Some psychologists say it could be a case of collective imagination.Radha, a resident of S A Colony in Vyasarpadi, was employed as a helper in a private hospital. She went missing on June 30, 2008 after she left home to attend a job interview in Egmore. She was later found dead on a ground. Since she had the dream of becoming a nurse and wanted to go to Russia, she took up a temporary job at the hospital, her family said.\"We last saw her leaving home with a file containing her certificates. She was to attend an interview with a mobile service provider. She left home telling us that she would return home soon,\" said Radha's mother S Esakimani. When she didn't return till late night, Radha's father Shankar and his friends searched for her. They found her body on an open ground at Arikamedu village. The postmortem report said there were signs of struggle and she had died of stab wounds on the neck.Avadi Tank Factory police probed the case for a year. The case was transferred to the CB-CID in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14937517", "title": "Family of three attempts suicide, daughter dies", "text": "SURAT: Financial crisis drove a couple to kill their only daughter and then attempt suicide in Gopipura area of the city on Friday morning. The family had an overdose of sleeping pills. The couple has survived, while the daughter died.Hitesh Tamakuvala (34) and Nimisha (31) had forced their eight-year-old daughter Kesar to consume the pills and had then done the same themselves. Sources said Nimisha had informed her mother on mobile phone about their having taken the extreme step at 9 am. The three were rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment, where Kesar was declared dead, while the couple was in a critical condition.Police investigations have revealed that Hitesh was under severe financial pressure that led to his deciding to die along with his family. He runs a grocery shop on Coats Fill Road and was worried about the payments he had to make in lieu of the stock he had purchased for sale on credit. He was to pay his past dues as well.Sources said the couple had lost sleep and had been keeping pills at home. \"We are waiting for the couple to regain consciousness so that their statement can be recorded,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14949922", "title": "Vice-presidential poll: JD(U) hints at going with BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Key NDA ally JD(U), which has supported UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee, on Sunday gave broad indication that it would go with BJP's decision for a contest in vice-presidential election.JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav, who is also the NDA convenor, said the opposition alliance is meeting on Monday to discuss all the options and a decision will be announced later.Yadav, however, downplayed reports about NDA considering his candidature for the constitutional post, saying he would not like to comment on \"speculations.\"The ruling UPA has already declared incumbent Hamid Ansari as its candidate for vice-presidential poll.\"The issue of Vice-President election and Pranab Mukherjee are separate. I have never supported Congress' political line since I joined politics. We have supported Mukherjee for his political experience only,\" Yadav told reporters here.The BJP core group, which met here on Saturday, has decided to go for a contest. The party, however, maintained that it will finalise its nominee after consulting NDA allies.\"Tomorrow at 11am there is an NDA meeting. Being the convenor of NDA, speaking before the meeting will be a violation of the decorum. Then we will decide what has to be done,\" Yadav said.When asked about the reported move by the NDA to field him as opposition alliance's candidate to ensure a contest, he said, \"I will never speak on speculations. But unfortunately my name has also been surfaced\".Criticising the economic policies of the UPA government, Yadav said the financial situation of the country has become worse during its eight year rule.\"Mukherjee is also responsible for that. We don't support him for that,\" he said, referring the two Bharat bandhs organised by NDA protesting against fuel price hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918878", "title": "Gujarat University's ark", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In ancient Indian paintings that record the 'group photo' of gurukul classrooms, lions are seen in languid harmony with cows and peacocks, as students learn Vedas from gurus. And as if to establish that great learning and love for animals are mystically linked traits, Leonardo da Vinci created the vanguard for animal rights. Da Vinci, the original polymath - person of oceanic breadth of learning - took time off from being an artist, inventor, and anatomist (reflecting only a handful of his proficiencies) to denounce the slaughter of animals for food.The sprawling Gujarat University (GU) campus is one of the few sites in the country of that timeless human-animal ecological unity. A two-volume work published by the university - \"Beyond the Classroom\" - documents the campus's bustling wildlife population. The GU ark hosts a staggering range of animals: from the magisterial peacock to the testy cobra, and from fragile European Roller bird (on the near-threatened list) to the feisty hedgehog.The diversity of wildlife in GU reflects its spectacular variations in habitat. The university bursts into spiky shrubland, then rolls into grasslands before crushing itself into dense thickets. The thickets then spread themselves in woods and melt away into marshlands before withering into rocky scree. Moreover, some areas of the campus dissolve into wetlands during monsoon, inviting water birds.The richly textured habitat hides some uncommon species, among them the bulky Bengal Monitor, smaller than the deadly Komodo, but packed with the menacing manner of a bona fide dragon. Real danger lurks though in the shape of the Common Krait, one of the 'Big Four' venomous snakes of India.As for flora, the GU campus is awash with infinite variety of plants and trees. Among them are: the sinuous Gulbel, a plant used in tradition medicine; Yellow Oleander , a shrub native to tropical America; and the haughty Tasmanian Blue Gum tree.The wonder of life can be found in the skies of GU too. Cruising the compact nature reserve are a plethora of birds including Oriental Honey Buzzards and White-Breasted Kingfishers. And the campus's wetlands warmly accommodate the Eurasian Spoonbill, which delights the student of bird-watching. The bird is one of the easiest to identify. Indeed, learning takes place beyond the classroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919332", "title": "Gujarat second in criminal breach of trust cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Honouring scribbles on a little piece of paper even while dealing in crores has been a tradition in Gujarat, where people give loans and get into partnerships without legal contracts. However, the tradition of trust seems to be being breached. According to National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) 2011 figures, Gujarat has seen the second highest number of criminal breach of trust complaints in the country in 2011.With 21 complaints for property or assets between Rs 1 crore and Rs 10 crore, Gujarat is second to Maharashtra which has seen 52 criminal breach of trust complaints.\"Whether it is the hawala trade or unorganized money-lending business, both have flourished in Gujarat much because of trust the enterprising people in the state have in each other. However, with time as everything changes, these days there are cases of embezzlement of funds and property disputes galore in Gujarat,\" said a city-based chartered accountant.Even in the number of cheating complaints, in 2011 Gujarat has seen the fourth highest number of complaints in the country.\"The most breach of trust and cheating complaints in the state are from businessmen and banks. Also many complaints in property disputes have been filed by people from within the family accusing their sibling of taking away their property,\" said a police official.Police officials said that in the last five years, Gujarat has been among the top five states when it comes to economic offences and financial frauds.\"With development, the state has also seen the fabric of trust getting eroded. We advise people to get into partnerships and cash transactions only after doing the proper paperwork. Breach of trust and property disputes complaints among family members and friends have seen a phenomenal increase in the last couple of years,\" said Chittranjan Singh, Director General of Police, Gujarat.What is criminal breach of trustCriminal breach of trust is when you promise someone the delivery of goods or services and after taking payment you renege on your promise. It also applies to the banks when deposit holders do not get their money back. Cheating has a wider perspective, encompassing instances where you are shown one thing and given another or approached on false pretexts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923592", "title": "\u2018Mantralaya skit foresaw blaze 20 years ago\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Well over two decades ago, two senior bureaucrats staged a drama, 'Mantralaya on fire', at the annual day function of the IAS wives' association.\"Then I was in audience. When I saw the fire last month, in which key floors of the Mantralaya were completely gutted, I quickly remembered the 1992 drama. The sequence of events was identical in the drama and the actual incident,\" a senior IAS officer told TOI on Saturday.The two veteran bureaucrats, who retired recently, played the role of peons. In the satire, one of them noticed a minor fire on the building's fourth floor. Then he quickly informed the other peon, saying, they must act immediately to extinguish the fire since it could spread to other floors.However, instead of taking the responsibility, the two approach a deputy secretary on the same floor, who expresses his inability and asks them to approach his superior, a joint secretary in the same department.In the satire, when the two peons knock at the doors of the joint secretary, he asks them more than a dozen questions, including if they have actually seen the fire. After his satisfaction, he asks one of them to tender a letter, stating that he was witness to the fire. As the fire spreads across the fourth floor, the joint secretary seeks instructions from his secretary, who in turn approaches the chief secretary (CS) for measures to be taken to contain the inferno.In the skit, the CS convenes a high-level meeting of all bureaucrats and seeks opinion of all the secretaries. \"In the meeting, the CS seeks information on how the previous fire was tackled, the expenditure incurred, information about the fire audit and the fire safety system. Then a committee is set up to design a new fire safety system,\" the IAS officer said. The two peons, who watch the day-long meetings, decide to take matters in their own hands and use buckets of water to douse the fire. But it is too late, since a major portion of the building is completely gutted in the devastating fire.\"The two peons bring it to the notice of their audience that there was lack of seriousness at all levels and red tape in the corridors of power hampers the response to the tragedy,\" the IAS officer said.\"I see the difference between the drama staged in 1992 and the fire that broke out. In the skit, the government was shown in a bad light. However, when the inferno raged there was delay, but chief secretary JK Banthia's team was on their toes and did a splendid job,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14949223", "title": "Pooja Kumar keeps everyone guessing!", "text": "For the people in cinema industry, especially, the actors and directors, it is an easy job to keep people guessing about the surprise things. Even the young Pooja Kumar, who is the leading lady of Ulaga Nayagan Kamal Hassan's Viswaroopam, does it very well, although she is new to the industry.There are reports circling in the industry that Kamal Hassan is gearing up with the second edition of his yet to be released flick, Viswaroopam . The reports also claim that Kamal Hassan has already canned a few scenes for the sequel already along with the shooting of the first edition. Quiz about all these reports to Pooja Kumar, she gives us no clues whether these reports are true or false.When the media reporters asked her regarding the sequel rumor of Viswaroopam , she did not say a binary answer. When asked whether she too got involved in the canning of scenes for the second part of the movie, she simply replied that she is just an actress and has to obey the director and has to act in the scenes which he cans. She added that her work ends with just acting as the director wants and not questioning him. However, she also confused the people saying that even she too is unsure whether Kamal Hassan would use a few scenes, which he shot with her, for the Viswaroopam's sequel.Source: http://www.dailomo.com/When the reporters pressed her more on the sequel rumors, she became evasive by saying that she definitely would not like to spoil the mystery behind all those reports, if Kamal Hassan is sure of making a sequel flick.Now, this is an instance how Pooja Kumar, who is so young in cinema industry, has learnt the art of keeping people guessing about the surprise packages.For your information, Kamal Hassan's Viswaroopam also stars Andrea Jeremiah and the movie's rushes are already creating huge buzz in the K - Town!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14950111", "title": "Strauss determined to maintain England's number one ICC ranking", "text": "LONDON: Captain Andrew Strauss has taken England to the world cricket summit, and intends looking down on the rest of the cricket teams for some time.He is convinced England will see off South Africa in the coming weeks, win the Investec three-Test series and remain the planet's No. 1-ranked team.\"Am I confident we will win the series? Yes. Am I under any illusions it will be easy? No. It's going to be a big challenge for us, but I'm sure we'll come through,\" The Sun quoted Strauss, as saying.After a month away from the England dressing room, during which the national team won all seven limited-overs matches that were not washed out, Strauss will resume command at The Oval this week.Certainly there is very little chance of South African skipper Graeme Smith seeing off his third England captain.On his previous tours, Smith has been in charge while Nasser Hussain and Michael Vaughan have quit tearfully.Strauss has no plans to shift. He wants, and expects, to be England captain for another 18 months and dreams of standing down in January 2014 as a four-time Ashes-winner.Strauss, 35, who hit a century and half-century for Middlesex against Notts last week in his first innings for a month, added: \"As an opening batsman, you must be prepared to face the best in the world with the new ball. I certainly feel in good form and ready to do that.\"\"The start we get at the top of the order has a big effect on everyone else. So, hopefully, Alastair Cook and myself will get some good ones,\" he added.\"We are two very well-balanced sides with not much to choose between us. It will probably be the small sessions of play that determine the winner,\" Strauss said.\"We're going to have to play at our best. But we have a lot of self-belief and being at home is an advantage too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923526", "title": "Leopard hides inside Goregaon film school", "text": "MUMBAI: A leopard strayed into the premises of Whistling Woods, director Subash Ghai's film academy at Film City in Goregaon (east), on Saturday morning. Till late at night, the animal had refused to come out of its hiding and a team from Sanjay Gandhi National Park was still waiting to capture it.It was around 9am, when one of the employees of the school spotted the leopard hiding behind an air-conditioner unit outside an auditorium in the compound. He immediately contacted forest officials and a team from the SGNP reached the spot around 10.30am. \"It is huge,\" said the staffer who saw the leopard. \"Wild animals usually do not bother with humans and we know we are not in danger.\"Whistling Woods shares a wall with the national park and forest officials suspect that the animal must have strayed into the premises, in search of preys, like dogs. \"Leopards usually enter residential localities in search of dogs that are easy preys,\" said SGNP's veterinary officer Dr Sanjeev Pinjarkar. \"It's important to safeguard the people and we have asked them to disperse from the compound. We are now waiting for the leopard to come out of its hiding; for the rescue operation, our personnel are equipped with tranquilizer guns, a snare with a small trap and a first-aid kit.\"Once the leopard comes out in the open, the rescue team will tranquilize it and take it to the medical centre inside the national park for a routine check-up. \"Only after a check-up will the animal be released into the wild,\" said Pinjarkar. Till late in the evening, he told TOI that the rescue team was still waiting to capture the leopard. \"It is not in our hands. We cannot shoot in the air with the tranquilizer guns. We cannot antagonize the animal and do not want to take any drastic action as that may pose danger to the people around,\" said Pinjarkar.Though the number of man-animal conflicts has come down, sightings of big cats in peripheral areas of the SGNP have gone up. Last month, a leopard was spotted inside Film City but the animal slinked away in a few minutes.On June 30, another leopard was sighted by two residents of Royal Palms in Goregaon; one of the residents, Padmaja Krishnan, captured a photgraph of the animal walking on the verandah of her row house and her neighbour, Palash Kashyap, took a picture of the same leopard perched on the boundary wall of another house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14917657", "title": "Man murders grandmother to grab property in Bhilwara", "text": "JAIPUR: In a heinous murder, a man strangulated his 80-year-old grandmother to death and then buried her body in the ground near her house in Bhilwara district. The body was exhumed almost a week after the incident on Friday by the police. Police said that the man wanted to grab the woman's property so he killed her.According to the police, the incident took place in the Raipur Kareda village of the district. \"The woman had gone missing on June 6. We were trying to find her. During investigation, it came up that she could have been murdered. We rounded up her 32-year-old grandson Babu who confessed murdering her and burying the body,\" said a police officer.In another incident, two cousin brothers allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison in Bhilwara's Gangapur police station area. Their bodies were found lying in an isolated place on Friday morning. While the police claimed that prima facie it was a case of suicide, the family members of the victims alleged that the youths were murdered.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Kamal Khateek (19) and Prakash Khateek (21), were cousins. \"While Kamal lived with his parents, Prakash was staying at a hostel in Gangapur. Both were preparing for engineering entrance examinations,\" said SHO Gangapur Rahul Joshi.He added that the bodies were found on a barren land on the outskirts of the town on Friday morning. \"It came up that Kamal had told his mother on Thursday night she would never see him again and left home. She searched for him throughout the night, however, bodies of his son and Prakash were found in the morning,\" said the officer.He added that wrappers of some poisonous substance were also recovered from the spot. \"We also found a torn photo of a woman lying near the bodies. So we are investigating this angle also,\" said the officer.Joshi said that an investigation has been launched. \"The family members of the victims were earlier suspecting murder, but prima-facie there seems to be no sign of struggle or anything that suggests this possibility. We have handed over the bodies to the family members after conducting post-mortem,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923519", "title": "Unpruned tree falls, injures 2 in Santa Cruz", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were injured after branches of an unpruned nilgiri tree, planted inside the compound of a housing society in Santa Cruz , fell into a lane outside on Saturday.The incident occurred opposite Shabari Hotel near the station. The tree was planted inside the compound of Ratnavalli housing society.The injured, Ruchi Shah (25) and Keshav Bhattawala (43), were rushed to hospitals. Shah was admitted to Asha Parekh hospital while Bhattawala was taken to Cooper hospital by the fire brigade.Dr Sulbha Chirmule, chief medical officer, said, \"Bhattawala ended up with injuries on his ankle and neck. He also sustained a fracture.\"Shah escaped with minor injuries on the lower portion of her right limb. She was discharged from Asha Parekh hospital's casualty emergency ward and is currently on antibiotics.\"It was the duty of the housing society's members to prune the tree before the monsoon. The nilgiri tree doesn't take much time to grow,\" said an on-duty fire official. \"None of the society members could be contacted.\"There was outrage following the death of 24-year-old Andheri resident Ashwini Satpute in June after a 15-metre peepal tree fell on her near Peninsula Park in Lower Parel. While the civic body has been insisting that it will not be held responsible for any deaths or injuries caused by tree collapses in housing societies and private compunds, residents claim there is a lot to be desired when it comes to getting the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s permission to trim trees.Environmentalists said the BMC' tree authority takes at least 90 days to grant permission to housing societies for pre-monsoon tree-trimming and cutting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurap (hooghly)", "code": "14917173", "title": "Absconding inmate of Gurap home still at large", "text": "Gurap (Hooghly): Police have still not managed to track down Mamoni alias Bina Das, an inmate of the Dulal Smriti Sangha, who escaped from the Uttarpara State General Hospital on Friday. According to authorities, Mamoni was fitter than the other inmates of the home.Cops believe she could have provided vital evidence against Shyamal Ghosh, the prime accused in the suspected rape and murder of Guriya.Questions have started being raised on why Mamoni was not escorted by the police when she was taken to the hospital for a medical check-up. She was among the first lot of inmates to be shifted out of the home after news of Guriya's death broke. She was sent to a home meant for female vagrants in Uttarpara. On Friday morning, she was escorted by a warden of the home to the hospital, less than a mile away.According to sources, the two were waiting near the emergency ward when Mamoni wrenched off the warden's grip and rushed towards the gate. She stopped a passing rickshaw and went up to Bally Khal, a natural boundary between Howrah and Hooghly. The rickshaw-puller didn't receive any fare from the woman and returned to the hospital. Later, police questioned him and took him to Bally Khal area to try and identify the woman. But Mamoni couldn't be traced.\"Shyamal Ghosh is still absconding. There is suspicion that Mamoni may have been close to Ghosh and wanted to avoid being interrogated. Ghosh would go to the home nearly every evening after 6pm. He would help out in serving dinner to the inmates. Inmates claimed that he would then go to the ward where the mute and deaf women stayed. He would spend a long time there and leave the home only after 10.30pm. We are trying to find out whether there were people who helped Ghosh. There could have been some inmates who aided him. Mamoni could have been one of them,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, residents of Jamalpur, near Khajurdaha, claimed on Saturday that bodies of inmates would be taken there on the sly and buried in the fields. The bodies would be moved in ambulances. The last time locals saw home authorities burying a body in Jamalpur was in May. The locals had raised an objection then. The police are probing the matter.. Hooghly district magistrate S Rangarajan supervised the relocation process in person. Policemen were then posted outside the home, the main gate of which has been locked by the administration. \"We are proceeding as per orders of the state government,\" Rangarajan said.\"Ghosh was a henchman of Uday Chand Kumar, who was in charge of the home. Unless we can arrest Ghosh, things will not become absolutely clear. We are searching for Ghosh and hope to arrest him soon,\" said Tathagata Basu, additional superintendent of police (headquarters), Hooghly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14920197", "title": "Students, parents flock to Goa for BITS' nat-level contest", "text": "Vasco: More than 1,000 students from five states are participating in the third annual programme, 'MaRRs ( Market Reach and Research Services) Maze of Words', organized in the campus of BITS Pilani, Zuarinagar, on Saturday.Girija Balasubramanian, an organizer, said, \"The two-day fest is a national level competition which will involve many levels of competition tailored to bring about good vocabulary and right application of English language in students.\"The competition is divided into two categories, one for nursery till senior KG called, 'Pre School Bee', and from Class I to Class XII called 'Maze of Words'. Pre School Bee was given the task of colouring, creativity, judged on the sharpness of their observations etc. On the other hand on Sunday, the senior category will face competitions like, 'Mix and Match', 'Russian Doll', etc. Balasubramanian explained, \"This is the third time that the competition is being held. Every time, the venue changes. Fortunately, this year, Goa was selected.\"The students have come from places such as Kerala, Orissa, Hyderabad, Gujarat, Mumbai etc. Faculties from different parts of the country were called in. MaRRs Intellectuals Services Ltd has its headquarters in Cochin, Kerala.Ravi Kapoor, a professional from Mumbai and a parent, said, \"We are here to encourage our four-year-old son. Taking leave from work and coming down to another state proves fruitful when we see the transformation of personality of our children, which becomes stronger and confident after participating in such national level events.\"For parents, the event also served them with a vacation in Goa. They were staying in hotels and travelled through public transport.Rashmi Rai, a parent from Hyderabad, said, \"My daughter was selected first at school level, then state and now at national level; so when the opportunity came, we packed our bags for Goa. It's a wonderful platform for student's motivation right from the base.\" MaRRs focuses on the overall development of student's potential through innovative activities. Suresh Kumar, chairman and managing director of MaRRs, is the brain behind the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14936888", "title": "Youth who raped girl after drugging her arrested", "text": "VADODARA: Dahod police arrested a youth on Saturday in connection with the rape of a young woman staying at a village on the outskirts of the town. While the arrested accused allegedly raped the woman, his cousin recorded the act on a cellular phone and circulated the video clipping in Dahod.The incident took place at the village on May 25. The FIR stated that the victim was alone at her house as her family was away for a religious function when one of the accused Shashank Kashyap came there in the afternoon.The victim claimed that Shashank offered a cold drink to her that day. An offence lodged in this regard with Dahod police stated that the drink was laced with a sedative and Shashank raped the victim, who was drugged. Shashank's cousin Raja Kashyap, who had also reached the house later, allegedly recorded the incident on his cellular phone.The clipping of the episode was allegedly distributed amongst friends by the accused. While the girl did not talk about the episode, a family member of the girl allegedly came to know of this and spoke to the girl following which she was taken to the police station and an offence was registered on Friday evening.It has been alleged that Shashank and the victim used to study together for some time. Shashank had been making overtures to get into a relationship with the victim, but she had turned his proposals down. Shashank was peeved at this and allegedly took the step to make the clipping to threaten the victim into marrying him. He even threatened her of doing the same to her sister.Dahod taluka senior police sub-inspector K D Dindor said while Shashank has been arrested, Raja - a resident of Ajmer - was yet to be nabbed. He said Shashank had also admitted to having circulated the clipping. He said police had obtained the recording as evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921465", "title": "Blame courts for corruption: Shiv Khera", "text": "COIMBATORE: If the judiciary had done its job, corrupt politicians would not have entered Parliament, so believes motivational guru Shiv Khera, who was in the city on Saturday.In town to launch a management course by the Park Global School on Saturday, Khera was scathing about the lack of efficiency in the judicial process that allows corruption to flourish in the country. \"Cases get delayed for 20 to 30 years. Meanwhile, evidences are lost and the files are eaten up by cockroaches. Later, airports are named after those who faced the cases,\" he said.Khera, who unsuccessfully contested the general election in 2009 on an anti-corruption platform, mentioned a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) he filed in the Supreme Court to process the affidavit filed by social activist and former Union law minister, Shanti Bhushan, against corruption in judiciary. The case must be taken up urgently. If delayed, the case may have to be closed once Shanti Bhushan, who is now 87, is dead. He added that few lawyers were willing to take his brief.Moving on to management principles, he said in businesses and organisations, people are assets only if they are good. \"Universally, goodness needs to be nurtured and cultivated, while evil happens. In a garden, the plants and flowers need to be nurtured, while the weeds develop on its own. Our country should learn from the example of Singapore. The country, which is a small state, does not have natural resources and has many limitations but they have progressed in leaps and bounds. The small nation conducts two months training programmes for taxi drivers in customer interaction,\" he said.Khera compared Singapore with India and said the situation in our country was sadly different and stressed on the urgent need to take proactive steps for the country to develop and weed out corruption. \"People without integrity can neither be good leaders or followers. They will compromise values for personal gain. This is true in families, society and businesses,\" he said.Later in his talk, he said that the present day graduates lack people skills. \"Some studies say that the present day youth spend hours before computers and television sets. But they are not comfortable with people,\" he said. Management students must be trained in people skills.Khera, who books 'You Can Win', 'Freedom is not Free', and 'Living with Honour' are best sellers, has recently turned an activist, fighting corruption in public office. He has also filed a case against caste-centric reservation in medical colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14948343", "title": "2 Bangaloreans rescued at beach", "text": "MANGALORE: It was an eventful day for the lifeguards of Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project (PBTDP)on Saturday -- they thwarted a life bid by a girl from Bangalore early in the morning. They were back in action later in the afternoon, this time to save a teenager from drowning. Lifeguards thwarted a bid by Shwetha, 21, daughter of Shivakumara Swamy, a resident of Electronics City, Bangalore, to end her life at Panambur beach on Saturday morning. PBTDP chief executive officer Yathish Bykampady told STOI that Shwetha, who was working at a family-owned clothes store, was apparently upset at being rebuked by her uncle at not properly discharging her duties at the store. Lifeguards, who spotted her jumping into the sea, rescued her, Yathish said. PBTDP informed the Panambur police station, who in turn summoned Shwetha's parents.\"They came and took Shwetha back,\" Yathish said, adding that no rain and clear visibility helped the lifeguards spot Shwetha when she entered the sea. Panambur police did not register a case , but sent her after giving an advice. Sai Tej, 13, son of Venugopal from Whitefield, was the second beneficiary of timely action by the lifeguards. Tej, who was among 150 tourists from Whitefield, was playing in the sea when a huge wave sucked him away. The tourists, not aware of the rough sea conditions, had come to play in the sea and in their merriment, they failed to keep an eye on the teenager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14922096", "title": "Cops take steps to avert mishaps during Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: To avert any mishap during the Simhastha Kumbh in 2015, like the stampede that killed 40 pilgrims during the last Kumbh, the city police have begun identifying the pressure points and spots where crowd management is needed and have decided to use CCTV cameras, video screens and barricades for crowd control.As part of its planning and preparation for the next Kumbha Mela, the city police commissionerate has taken up a survey for better crowd management during the huge congregation of devotees at the religious event. City police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that while they have taken up a survey for the purpose, a study of the last few Kumbh Melas held in Nashik is also being done to understand the trends.However, the most important aspect of the Kumbha Mela, which is three years away from now, is crowd management at the Shahi Snan (holy bath in the Godavari river) during the mela and the processions of sadhus and mahants on the way for the bath. The crowds swell during the auspicious occasions for the holy dip.During the last Kumbha Mela, a major stampede had broken out, in which nearly 40 pilgrims had died. While there are different reports about the cause of the stampede, for police the work would be to keep in check the pressure points and choking points, mainly the T-sections on the procession route of sadhus for the holy dip.Sarangal said, \"Apart from a strong barricade to prevent devotees from rushing into the procession route or into the river water immediately after the sadhus and mahants are done with the Shahi Snan, we will also have to pay detailed attention to the dilapidated structures on the procession route as there is also a possibility of them giving way anytime now.\"He also said that the entire procession route will be put under vigilance with the help of close circuit television cameras (CCTVs) all along the procession route and huge screens will be put up at different points on the procession route as well as the river banks for showing the video footage of the entire affair so that everyone is aware of the situation at different locations at the same time. The commissioner recently held talks with the priests and purohits of the city with regard to the requirements for smooth conduct of the Kumbh Mela. Further, the commissioner also plans to have an interaction with various stakeholders to get a better idea of the things necessary for the mega affair of Nashik city.A detailed report on this will be prepared within a month or two and submitted to the government. However, as of now, there are no reports on whether some infrastructural developments are on the cards at Sardar Chowk, where the stampede had occurred during the 2003 Kumbh Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14941529", "title": "Nagaland appeals to Southern Angami Youth Organisation to suspend blockade", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland government has appealed to Southern Angami Youth Organisation (SAYO) to suspend the ongoing blockade of NH 39 on humanitarian grounds.In an appeal to SAYO, Nagaland commissioner said the organization's grievances have been made known to the state government for taking it up with Manipur government.Stating that the bandh called by SAYO, as an expression of \"discontentment\", is free of any violence so far, the commissioner, however, appealed to the organization to suspend the blockade so that ordinary citizens, who were not connected to the incident, are facing a lot of hardships.It may be mentioned that the 96-hour bandh along NH-2 (earlier NH-39) was called on Wednesday noon in protest against Manipur government's inaction in apprehending the accused in the June 21 incident where Naga two youths were drugged and a vehicle was snatched inside Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14922588", "title": "Scribe instigated mob to molest Guwahati girl: Activist", "text": "GUWAHATI: Team Anna member and RTI activist Akhil Gogoi on Saturday produced video footage showing a TV reporter instigating people to strip a 20-year-old girl outside a Guwahati pub. The TV channel where the reporter works was the first to telecast the girl molested by a group of men.The Electronic Media Forum Assam (EMFA) asked the Assam government for a high-level impartial probe into the allegation of the reporter's involvement in the case. Gogoi told reporters that he had given the footage to Assam police chief JN Choudhury on Saturday before making the clips public.\"The footage shows the reporter instigating the mob to molest the girl in front of the camera. It's a shame when a reporter is involved in such a heinous crime. The incident has shamed Assam,\" Gogoi said. Earlier, on Friday Gogoi had alleged the reporter instigated the crowd after she and her friend reacted to a lewd comment he made.Soon after, the EMFA issued a statement saying the accusation was unfounded and demanded evidence by 4pm on Saturday. Responding to EMFA's demand, Gogoi presented the video footage backing his allegation. \"I had decided to submit the footage only to police. EMFA asked me for proof to prove my allegation. So, I'm showing the footage to the media,\" Gogoi said.EMFA members, though, said the visuals presented by Gogoi were not enough to substantiate his allegation. The visuals do not include raw footage, rather it was an edited DVD where there are chances of doctoring. Gogoi said raw footage was not submitted to the police. \"If the police want, we can give them the raw footage. The video we submitted to the police clearly establishes the reporter's involvement,\" he said.The activist will also send the footage to a National Commission for Women team probing the case. Gogoi said some of the heinous crimes against women happened during the Congress government's rule in Assam.\"We want to know what action the CM has taken against those involved in manhandling a woman at a Guwahati police station in May. Borkhola legislator Rumi Nath was assaulted last month. What has the government done to arrest those who attacked me in Nalbari,\" Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14944643", "title": "Tourism dept to update signboards across Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tourism department has decided to update the road signs in Kerala to include new areas of tourist interest.The process was last initiated by the tourism department in 2005. Green remains the colour of choice for signboards. National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (Natpac) has been entrusted with the task of preparing a detailed project report. The Rs 25 lakh project is likely to be completed in a year. \"Natpac has suggested that the distance between sign posts on all major highways should be reduced from 10km (present margin) to 5km. We have a suggestion - include a map indicating hospitals and ATMs at Kovalam and Varkala at entry points and major junctions of these locations. The department will decide what needs to be done,\" said Natpac technical officer T Ramakrishnan.With tourism department adding new locations every year, the development of a comprehensive sign strategy will link people to destinations and enhance visitor awareness of what the area has to offer. The tourism department has decided to stick with green as the Indian Roads Congress (IRC), the authority on standard and design for Indian roads, does not stipulate a colour code for signs. But retro-reflective boards in accordance with IRC regulation would be installed. Maintenance would be undertaken every six months by an agency hired on contract, said the Natpac official.According to the 2005 list, Kerala has 1,400 signboards containing information about tourist centres and the nearest district headquarters. The state capital tops the list with 220 signboards.Thiruvananthapuram: Tourism department has decided to update road signs in Kerala to include new areas of tourist interest. The process was last initiated by the tourism department in 2005. Green remains the colour of choice for the signs.National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (Natpac) has been entrusted with the task of preparing a detailed project report.\"Natpac has suggested that the distance between sign posts on all major highways should be reduced from the current 10km to 5km. We have also proposed that a layout map indicating hospitals and ATMs at Kovalam and Varkala should be erected at entry points and major junctions at both locations. The department has to take a call on it,\" said Natpac technical officer T Ramakrishnan.With Kerala tourism department adding new locations every year, the development of a comprehensive sign strategy will help link people to destinations and enhance visitor awareness of what the area has to offer. The tourism department has decided to stick with green as the Indian Roads Congress (IRC), the authority on standard and design for Indian roads, does not stipulate a colour code for signs, but retro-reflective boards with reverse painted grey in accordance with IRC regulation would be installed. Maintenance would be undertaken every six months by an agency hired on contract, said the Natpac official.According to the 2005 list, Kerala has 1,400 signboards containing information about tourist centres and the nearest district headquarters. Most number of sign boards - 220 - are in the state capital. The Rs 25 lakh project is likely to be completed in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921357", "title": "Rare surgery conducted on epilepsy patient", "text": "COIMBATORE: In what was termed to be a rare feat, a city hospital performed a surgery on an epilepsy patient. Dr Nalla G Palaniswami, the chairman of Kovai Medical Center and Hospital (KMCH), said that they conducted the operation on a 28-year-old patient successfully. He said the treatment for epilepsy patients are done mostly with medication. At the same time, there are some cases when the epilepsy patients may have tumours and scars. This could lead to convulsions and which cannot be controlled with drugs, he said.The patient, V Raj Prabhu, had a type of scar which produces intractable convulsion called 'Mesial Temporal Lobe Sclerosis'. Patients with this condition usually have drug resistant convulsion and in such cases surgery is found to be of great help in removing the scar tissue from the brain. The procedure is performed only in select centres in India.The advent of functional imaging like SPECT and PET, case selection for this surgery has become more safe and logical, said the doctor. A team of medical experts comprising neurologist K Vijayan and neurosurgeon Madheswaran removed the scar from the brain of the patient with the help of colleagues from radiology and nuclear medicine departments. Senior neurosurgeon Thomas Joseph monitored the surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14920792", "title": "3 schools get centre of excellence tag", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a belated but welcome move, the state government has finally accorded recognition to three of the oldest residential schools in AP by upgrading them into centres of excellence. The decision, announced through a GO on Friday, would immediately facilitate funds to the tune of Rs 20 crore for infrastructural and educational upgrades at these institutions.Among the oldest in the state, the residential schools in Kodigena Halli (Anantapur), Sarvail (Nalgonda) and Tadikonda (Guntur) were once the pride of AP but lost their glory after the state government opened residential schools in every district. And, after the special status awarded them was withdrawn these schools were reduced to being just three more residential institutions in AP.But, now, the state government seems to have realized the contribution of these schools in churning out students of academic and professional merit. And, by way of paying tribute to that inspiring past, the department of school education has declared that these three schools are to be upgraded into regional centres of excellence.Till the corporate culture caught up, all the top ten ranks in the SSC exam were invariably bagged by students from these three schools. While Kodigena Halli school was set up in 1970 for the students of Anantapur, Kadapa, Kurnool and Chittoor districts in the Rayalaseema region, Tadikonda was established in 1972 for the Andhra region. The school at Sarvail, this one for the Telangana region, came up in 1971.According to sources, the school at Kodigina Halli has produced at least 30 IAS, IPS and other all-India service officers. Some of the alumni of these schools are professors in IITs and reputed universities in the US and other countries.There is no count of the doctors, engineers, scientists and software professionals among the old students of these schools, the sources said.V Venkateswara Rao, the IFS officer who died in a Taliban suicide bomb attack in Kabul in February 2010, was an alumnus of Kodigena Halli.And what is more, in an unusually quick move, the department of school education released Rs 28.60 crore for these institutions keeping with the new tag which they have earned on Friday itself, soon after declaring them as centres of excellence. Each school can maintain a strength of 480 students with 12 sections.\"Students from all districts in a particular region can seek admission to their regional centre of excellence. All Telangana students now are allowed to write an entrance test for admission into the Sarvail school while students of Rayalaseema and Coastal Andhra are eligible for admission to the Kodigena Halli and Tadikonda schools, respectively,\" said Rajeswar Tiwari, principal secretary of school education. The money would be spent over a period of 6 years to improve infrastructure and library and laboratory facilities, he told TOI.\"Effots will also be made to recruit experienced and meritorious teachers in these schools,\" he added. According to Tiwari, the government is planning to conduct admission tests for admission to these schools on the lines of the system in place for Navodaya. Till then, admissions will be conducted on the basis of the marks obtained by a student in class four, Tiwari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14940776", "title": "Charit Dixit eliminated from Indian Idol", "text": "After the rocking Indian Idol concert in Pune this week, it seemed difficult to decide which of the nine finalists would bid adieu to the show.But Sony TV's singing reality show just got tougher. With smashing performances by these young singers, the truth about eliminations always looms over the contestants. And the person who will say bye to the Indian Idol stage this week is Rajasthan lad Charit Dixit. Charit along with Amitabh and Kaushik will be in the bottom three and Charit will make his final exit, after scoring the lowest votes.The theme for this week's competition is the naughty nineties where the finalists will pay tribute to the greats of that era including Jatin Lalit, Nadeem Shravan and the likes. It will now come down to the final eight. Tension mounts as viewers are curious to know who next after Charit?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14917268", "title": "Gujarat told to probe Rajasthan women\u2019s visits for sonography tests", "text": "JAIPUR: The Centre has directed the Gujarat government to investigate into the complaints filed by Rajasthan on the alleged under-reporting of pregnant women crossing over for sonography test.Under secretary in Union health department D N Sahoo wrote to Gujarat's health &amp; family welfare secretary Anju Sharma on July 10 (a copy of which is with TOI) saying, \"It is requested that the issue raised in the complaint may be examined and a report indicating the findings of the examination and the action taken, if any, on the matter may be furnished to this ministry urgently.\"The complaint was lodged by the Society for All Round Development (SARD), Sirohi, Rajasthan. A similar letter has already been written to Gujarat's principal secretary (public health &amp; family welfare) by Rajasthan's principal secretary (health) B N Sharma last year urging the Gujarat government to prevent people from crossing over to Gujarat for sonography tests.SARD secretary Brijmohan Sharma said, \"We have conducted a survey on the number of people crossing over to Gujarat to avail benefits of healthcare services. We found that nearly 3,000 pregnant women from districts like Sirohi, Jalore, Pali, Barmer and Jaisalmer cross over to Gujarat every day.\"Through RTI, SARD found that there are 146 sonography centres in Gujarat's Palanpur district and from January 2011 to March 2012, 39,101 Form F were filled.Whereas, in Sirohi, there are 17 registered sonography centres, 18 in Jalore, 13 in Barmer and four in Jaisalmer. \"Though the number of registered sonography centres in these districts is very less compared to Palanpur, the number of Form F filled in these districts individually were higher than those filled in Palanpur. This shows that the doctors in Palanpur are involved in under-reporting,\" Sharma said. Now, on Sharma's complaint, the Centre has directed the Gujarat government to investigate the matter.Dog digs out, gnaws at stillbornIn a ghastly incident, a dog was spotted gnawing at the head of a girl child at the Mahila Bal Chikitsalaya in Chittorgarh on Saturday. Initially thought to be case of female feticide, the police later found out that the baby was stillborn and the parents had handed over the body to a hospital employee to bury it. Police officer Chandan Singh said, \"Last night a woman delivered a stillborn child. The parents had asked a hospital staff to carry out the burial. The body was not properly buried, and therefore, the dog managed to dig it out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920360", "title": "Farmers want Mopa land acquisition stopped", "text": "PANAJI: The state's proposed second airport at Mopa continues to polarize sections of the state. Farmers affected by the Mopa airport land acquisition said that the government is not concerned about the interests of farmers.Addressing mediapersons, members of the Mopa Vimantall Pidit Xetkari Samiti felt that the Mopa airport project was being forced through to further interests of the land mafia and certain individuals with links to both the Congress and BJP who had purchased land in areas surrounding the proposed airport.Sandeep Kambli of the Samiti said, \"Both the previous Congress and the present BJP governments are following the same anti-people stance on the airport and both parties are together in this land grab.\"He said the airport will be based on the PPP model and hence there is no profit to the government, but private parties will benefit from the malls and hotels that have been planned in the area. \"All this by suppressing farmers,\" he added. \"The government has not taken the farmers into confidence. Who is the government working for?\" Kambli questioned.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar promised people in the run-up to the Cortalim by-poll that he won't shut down the Dabolim airport. But studies have shown that two airports in close proximity of each other are not feasible, Kambli said. He wondered why agricultural land was being used to build hotels and malls.He stated that while the government was talking of increasing agricultural growth, it was implementing anti-farmer policies. He said around a 100 affected farmers had already approached the court in this regard.Kamlbli was also critical of the very meager compensation being paid to those who lose their lands to the acquisition process. The government said they will increase compensation by five fold. But they should specify if they mean five times of the amount according to the 1894 Act, which he said was 5.Rama Satardekar said 1,500 crore of cultivable land will be lost if the airport comes up.He went on to question the legality of the Mopa airport claiming that international guidelines state that two airports should not be within 150km of each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14939286", "title": "Traffic bottlenecks removal need of hour: Expert", "text": "BHOPAL: Head of the centre for transportation system in IIT, Roorkee has opined that the metro rail can wait for next 20 years, Bhopal requires streamlining of its traffic bottlenecks.The population density in Bhopal is rather low comparing to other developing cities in the country. Thinking about metro rail in the state capital is good, but the need of the hour is to overcome the bottlenecks in the traffic system. Bhopal can wait for metro rail for another 20 years,\" Prof Manoranjan Parida said.Parida was in Bhopal to address a national seminar on 'housing and transportation scenario: vision 2031' organised by IES College on Saturday.Talking to TOI, the professor said, \"I went round the BRTS corridor of Bhopal that is under construction and found out that there were still some bottlenecks.\" \"BRTS is a good project, but its execution is important.\"Referring to Ahmadabad project, he said, \"One portion of the corridor had to be closed down because of faulty implementation.\" \"Otherwise it is a successful project.\"Head of the centre for transportation system-- one of its kind course anywhere in India-Parida, said Bhopal also needs to have a separate agency to conduct smooth development of roads and traffic system.He suggested that there should traffic management centre in Bhopal which should be responsible for keeping a tab on Bhopal's traffic system round the year.Citing the example of Bihar , Prof Parida said the state would complete 1,700 km state highway roads within the set deadline by next year by adopting a systematic planning and strategy.\"They adopted the idea of handing over the responsibility of constructing roads and traffic system to a separate agency.\"Expressing his concern over rapid urbanization on the cost of environment, former executive director of housing and urban development corporation (HUDCO) RK Safaya said, \"The environment and heritage should not be hampered. Bhopal has huge gift of the nature and greenery. It is disappointing to witness that several roads in the city have been completely turned treeless,\" Safaya said. He added that urbanisation at the cost of environment can have serious impact in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919364", "title": "Film pioneer got angel funding from Gujarati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The father of Indian cinema Dadasaheb Phalke's first financier was a Gujarati textile tycoon from Mumbai, Mayashankar Bhatt. Making his first film - Raja Harishchandra - was an uphill task for Phalke. His struggle has been turned into a critically acclaimed Marathi film, 'Harishchanrachi Factory'.Known to put creative pursuits over all else, Phalke did not want the burden of managing funds and reached out to industrialists with Bhatt being among the first to help out. After the success of a couple of films, other industrialists realized that filmmaking was a good investment. Businessmen like V S Apte, L B Phatak, Madhavji Jesing and Gokulsad Damodar too joined in. With their finances 'Phalke Films' transformed into 'Hindustan Films Company' in 1918.With the inflow of money, Phalke could pursue his creative dreams. A permanent studio was set up in Nashik in place of an open air studio. Phalke also trained technicians and actors. The film 'Krishna Janma' was a big hit.But soon Phalke had differences with the financiers and left the company in 1919-20. He returned again in 1922 to direct half of his 96 films. However, he was constrained by tight budgetary pressures and release schedules. In 1927, he left from the company again. By this time, Bhatt also quit.Phalke called Bhatt to float a new company - Phalke Diamond Company. Writing about this episode, Phalke's biographer Bapu Watve says , \"Bhatt had no doubt about Dadasaheb's ability but everyone knew well that his expenditure had no limits... Bhatt agreed to provide a capital of Rs 50,000, but an important condition was that the movie must be completed within that amount.\"Phalke accepted Bhatt's condition and production of the famous 'Setubandhan' began, but the capital was exhausted halfway through the shooting. Bhatt was not ready to invest more, and everything came to standstill. Phalke found another financier and film was completed in 1931, to be released next year. However, the advent of the talkies took its toll and the film could not see commercial success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914912", "title": "Three women held for prostitution", "text": "PUNE: Three women, two of them well-educated and in their early 20s, and a 62-year-old woman agent were on Friday arrested by the Pune police's social security cell for allegedly running a prostitution racket in the city. Senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge of the cell had received information that the agent, Atayya Harish Somaiya of Wadala, was supplying women to prominent clients in Lonavla and Pune at high rates.The cell planted a decoy customer to establish contact with Somaiya and struck a deal to supply girls here. Following negotiations, Somaiya and the two women came in a vehicle to a chowk near a restaurant in Pune Camp, from where they were taken into custody.Barge told TOI that one of the women, aged 21, had obtained education in Sydney , Australia, and did small-time jobs at a film production firm in Mumbai. The other girl, aged 23, is from Deharadun and worked as beautician in Mumbai.According to Barge, the women, during questioning, told the police that they were lured into the business for quick money, owing to their poor financial condition. They had established contact with Somaiya six months back.\"Investigations have revealed that the agent, who is into flesh trade for the last seven years, charged fees upwards of Rs 40,000, depending on the client. We suspect the involvement of her husband in the crime as well,\" Barge said, adding that the police are considering action against the clients who hired the services of the women.The women were prosecuted under the relevant sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act. They were handed over to the Bund Garden police. A magisterial court on Saturday sent them to police custody till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923713", "title": "New website keeps tabs on track deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to trace the identities of scores of accident victims found on the suburban network, the GRP has launched a website where people can search for their missing kin. Users can search for missing persons by giving their physical description.An average of ten persons are found dead on the tracks everyday, of which at least three to four remain unidentified. The burden of disposing off each unclaimed body rests with the GRP, which led officials to come up with a project aimed at resolving the issue.Officials said the website, which is currently restricts searches to railway mishaps in Mumbai, can gradually be extended to cover the state or even the country. The site (http://shodh.gov.in) is functional with some information still being uploaded at the GRP headquarters in Wadi Bunder. Authorized police personnel at the control room, upload photographs, details of accident spots, age and appearance of victims on the website. When a viewer confirms that the description given on the website matches with that of a missing kin, he can click on the claims section and provide his contact details.\"We hope to purchase GPS devices through which our personnel can upload information of an accident victim on the spot and not wait to send it over to the headquarters,\" said GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar. \"The website provides empirical data and is user-friendly. Our records show that the Kurla section recorded the highest number of accidents (489), followed by the Kalyan (433) and Borivli sections (404) this year,\" he added.The website has come to the rescue of a few families. \"On July 1, a 45-year-old woman met with a mishap between Santa Cruz and Khar stations at night,\" said senior inspector V Dhopavkar of Bandra GRP. \"We admitted her to Cooper Hospital where she remains unconscious. Her husband and sons stay in different cities and hence no missing person's complaint was lodged. Her brother enquired about her our personnel introduced him to the website and helped trace her,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916815", "title": "Sedan brings more criticism for Vilas Sapkal", "text": "NAGPUR: Ever since Nagpur University (NU) vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal booked a luxury Skoda Laura worth Rs16 lakh, he has come under intense criticism from the academic fraternity. When the car actually arrived, despite Sapkal trying to cancel the purchase, his troubles have only mounted.Recently, Maharashtra chief secretary directed the state higher and technical education ministry to conduct a thorough probe of VC flouting norms to purchase a vehicle that he was not entitled to, and submit the report at the earliest.There is not one academic who has not opposed this reckless decision of Sapkal's. \"We are not a 'well-off' and 'doing great' type of university. NU has failed to provide even basic facilities to its students, including hostels. There is no Internet on our campus, we do not have an updated library and the list of flaws is endless. Amid this crisis, buying a luxury car is very thoughtless on his part,\" complained medicine faculty dean Pramod Yeole.He also mentioned that this decision was not discussed with the Management Council and the members came to know about it after the car was booked.Senate member Samir Kene described it as immoral conduct. \"The norms have been flouted by booking a car worth Rs16 lakh. The limit set by the government should not have been crossed. And if the VC is seen violating principles, it will set a wrong precedent for all others,\" he said.Another member Mohan Bajpayee wonders why money that should be invested for the benefit of the students was used for personal use. \"There is no advisory committee for students and no computers. A lot needs to be done to upgrade the university. We must think of channelizing the precious little money properly, instead of spending it frivolously,\" he said.\"A decision to benefiting oneself was taken in a few days, but decisions that decide a child's future take months in the VC's office. The car is just not needed. Needless to say, this was a wrong decision by the VC,\" said general secretary of Vidypeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad Yashodhan Waghmare.\"VC must concentrate on improving the condition of NU. The paper leak episode was a wake up call. The students money was used to buy the car. The fees have been hiked to provide students more facilities and not for the VC to buy a luxurious car,\" said state vice president of National Student Congress Jagdesh Panchbudhe.\"The poor students pay fees with money earned by their parents, they do not want that money to fulfil someone's luxurious desires. Buying a luxury car means NU is running in profits, so then the fee should be reduced,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14916778", "title": "PG admission under Calicut University likely to go haywire", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Amid the confusion reigning in the Calicut University over framing the regulations for the conduct of postgraduate admissions for the first batch of students who had passed out under the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS), the university is likely to abandon the single window admission system this year.The committee constituted by the varsity to come up with the regulations to conduct the PG admissions has decided in principle to cancel the single window admissions for this year as it is expected to create more headaches to the varsity. CU has not yet framed any viable criteria by which it can carry out the PG admissions to over 20,000 students who have passed out of the CCSS system. The over 130 colleges which are offering PG courses will now conduct admissions on their own at the college level.The university had introduced single window admission to PG admissions last year in a bid to make admissions transparent and efficient. The step was taken following complaints of irregular interferences made by the college managements in the admission process. Students say the abandonment of single window admissions would create problems as they would have to individually submit applications to several colleges. Also the single window clearance would have ensured full compliance with the government norms regarding reservation.\"It will be a tough time for students if CU scraps the single window admission to PG courses this year. What is more annoying is that varsity is not sure of anything it does. We see constant shifting of dates and changes in regulations. Now the students will have to apply at various colleges and attend interviews at several places for admission,\" Amal Abdurahman, a student who has just completed her BSc physics course.University sources said that they are abandoning the single window admissions this year as it will be very difficult to create a single PG admission rank list using the current four-point cumulative grade point average (CGPA) as there would be a large number of students with the same CGPA score.\"At the college level it would be more manageable as the applicants would be much less and we can avoid duplication of scores. We will reintroduce the single window admissions from the next year onwards,\" a syndicate member said.A section of the university teachers had on Friday flayed the varsity delay in creating a formula for calculating the weightage for admissions to the PG programmes and had presented a formula on their own to the Vice Chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14920006", "title": "Psycho Samba stills eludes police", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The elusive and most wanted criminal, psycho Sambasiva Rao is giving sleepless nights to the police teams as the massive combing operations near Kondapalli fort did not yield result for the third consecutive day on Saturday. Police intensified the search for psycho Samba who escaped from their custody two days ago after getting some vital clues on his whereabouts on Saturday. Guntur urban SP Ake Ravikrishna camped at Kondapalli and is personally monitoring the search operations. About 800 armed police personnel including the anti-naxalite squad and armed reserved cops are taking part in the manhunt with the help of high-powered lenses and GPS enabled tracking tools for the search operations.The entire Kondapalli fort and the surrounding forest area is being thoroughly scanned by the police teams. Stating that they got credible clues about Samba's hideout, SP Ravikrishna said that they would nab him soon. \"We are very close to him and he can't escape now,\" said Ravikrishna. Although the SP wanted to nab him by evening, the police teams could not reach the spot due to darkness of the night. Police have closed down all the entry and exit points to the Kondapalli forest area from all the neighbouring mandals. and no one was being allowed to go in on those routes.The cops came to the conclusion that Sambasiva Rao is a dreaded criminal and dacoit and has complete command over the Kondapalli hill terrain ; he deliberately misled the cops only to escape into the forest area. Police teams thought that Samba might not make an attempt to flee atleast by seeing the good number of armed men who accompanied him while taking him onto the hill top.An expert jumper, Samba took the opportunity and forcibly pulled away the chains from the escort police before jumping down into the forest area. He is believed to have gone deep into forest and taking shelter behind the boulders. The cops wonder at Samba's physical strength as he had been running with hand cuffs and a chain to his legs.Police found the lock that was tied to the chain and hand cuffs in the deep forest . They suspect that he has separated the leg chain and hand cuffs by breaking the lock making him free to walk.Vijayawada city DCP Ravindranath Babu said that Samba gave slip to the police yet another time late in the evening. He said that they found him in the forest area but was still elusive. He added that they would continue the combing operations even in the night to track him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14921669", "title": "NCERT to drop only 2 cartoons out of 21 from IX-XII textbooks", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an expert panel rejecting the SK Thorat committee's recommendations for large scale deletion of cartoons of politicians from school textbooks, the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) is likely to do away with only two illustrations from political science texts for classes IX to XII.A formal response to the Thorat report is being prepared, but NCERT is expected to delete two cartoons - one featuring Jawaharlal Nehru and BR Ambedkar sketched by the famous cartoonist Shankar in 1949 and another on the anti-Hindi agitation of the 1960s - that had led to repeated stalling of Parliament in the Budget session.Excising the cartoons will provide some relief to the government ahead of the monsoon session of Parliament, expected to get underway in early August, even though NCERT may not carry out as severe a purge of political cartoons as the Centre might have hoped for.NCERT's national monitoring committee (NMC) found itself in disagreement with the Thorat panel's views and felt public debate and parliamentary oversight had to be balanced with the functional autonomy of academic bodies.NMC members felt the Thorat committee had done slapdash job without explaining the basis for recommending removal of 21 cartoons and changes in captions and texts that were largely seen to involve references to politicians.Explaining why the panel will need some more time to draft a formal response, NMC member Zoya Hasan said decisions cannot be taken \"instantaneously\" as they relate to textbook materials. \"You have to respect the public debate...but by and large it was felt there are many inadequacies in the report,\" she said.\"At a personal level, I feel there are a number of problems with the panel report. It has not really given convincing reasons for the deletion of the cartoons and I think it has not done justice to the complexities of the issues under discussion,\" Hasan said.An official NCERT statement said that it would prepare a formal response to Thorat committee report. \"Keeping in mind the public debate on some cartoons in the political science textbooks it was decided that the textbook development committees concerned would work with director, NCERT, and make whatever changes are required,\" it stated.The Thorat committee was set up after widespread resentment in the political class over what were seen to be derogatory representations of politicians. Tamil Nadu parties and dalit activists protested over the Ambedkar and anti-Hindi cartoons with Parliament being stalled by agitated MPs.The outrage expressed by politicians was, however, not mirrored by other sections as it was felt that cartoons are a useful tool in kindling the interest of school students in political science. Academics felt their turf was being encroached on while public reaction reflected a general lack of sympathy for MPs.Resisting pressure to delete cartoons, NCM members felt a few could be looked at afresh keeping in mind \"public sentiment\". The consensus on minimal changes came after sources said a majority of the NCM members felt that there should be no alterations at all.\"No one defended the Thorat committee report. We could not understand what criteria were followed to identify the cartoons that the committee felt should be deleted. Some of the members felt none of the cartoons, including the two that stalled Parliament, should be removed. Many asked why the cartoons should be a problem when they were there in the texts for years,\" said one of the participants.While the Ambedkar-Nehru cartoon led to numerous adjournments of both Houses of Parliament during budget session, one on the anti-Hindi agitation in Tamil Nadu kicked up another controversy in the state with key UPA ally DMK demanding its removal and other parties joining the chorus.As a consequence, the government suspended the circulation and publication of six political science textbooks of Class IX, X, XI and XII. The Thorat committee sought removal of about 21 cartoons and recommended some changes in words and phrases with \"negative\" implications.NMC is likely to send its formal response on the Thorat committee report by July 23. Two textbooks in which no changes were suggested have already been sent for distribution.NMC has also advised NCERT to have a general and independent mechanism to review textbooks more frequently so that they are updated. Members have suggested that changes should be carried out in other textbooks swiftly keeping students' interests in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14916163", "title": "District panchayat to set aside 40% of annual budget for agriculture", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a push to the agriculture sector, the district panchayat decided to earmark 40% of its annual budget for the development of the sector. Declaring the policy on agriculture at the inaugural venue of Karshikotsav 2012, district panchayat president Eldhose Kunnappilly said the amount would be used for starting farming in uncultivated land and to promote mechanization in the sector.The panchayat would impart training in coconut tree climbing for the youth. For procuring dry coconuts, projects would be designed in association with the Coconut Development Board at the block level. Measures will be taken to encourage the use of coconut drying machines. For the development of dairy sector, Rs 7 crore will be alloted. A comprehensive project for the development of paddy farming will also be prepared in association with the various block panchayats concerned.Five villages in the district will be selected for a project to promote rearing of goats while another five will be selected for encouraging rearing of buffalos, said Kunnappilly. Efforts will be made to find markets for the agriculture produces by the farmers in the district. A sub-centre of the Agriculture University will be started at Avoly in Muvattupuzha. Meanwhile, in an effort to solve the crunch of agricultural workers, a labourers' bank will be formed at the panchayat level. Awards will be given to the best young farmer and agriculture officer, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918228", "title": "Rakhi celebrations: Specially designed envelope to keep siblings' love, affection intact", "text": "LUCKNOW: Siblings separated by miles, may still feel the fragrance, smile and warmth of Rakhi on Rakshabandhan. Thanks to India Post, the Rakhi could now be sent to its destination in a specially designed envelope. What's even more interesting is that girls and women will not have to wait for long to send in their letters. Lucknow's General Post Office would be starting a special counter for handling Rakhi-related posts.\"Every year, we get lakhs of Rakhi parcel prior to the festival. But we find that many of these packets get spoiled because of the rains and we have to face embarrassment. Therefore, the department thought of water-proof plastic coated envelopes to provide satisfaction to its client,\" said Niyaz Ahmad, chief post master.He added that the envelopes would be readily available at a nominal cost at all important head post offices in the city including Mahanagar, Gomtinagar, Chowk, and Aliganj. The department is also planning to set up kiosks at important places in the city to reach out to a larger audience. Ahmad stated that such envelopes were introduced about four years ago. But this, time they will be water proof and their look has been redesigned.\"The response to the envelopes has been good ever since. In fact, last year, we sold about 24,000 such envelopes. Considering the estimated demand, we have ordered for stock of 33,000 this time. This would be over and above our buffer stock,\" Ahmed told TOI. For the fast delivery of Rakhi, the Department of Posts will be opening customer care counter at GPO from July 16. The counter will collect all Rakhi parcels and keep them separately from other mails. \"Even our destination bags will have word Rakhi written on them,\" said Ahmad.Officials claimed that GPO's burden is already high, which increases in the festival season. \"During Rakshabandhan, the Department of Post receives 25% more mails than the usual days. People take the service of speed post for the safe and fast delivery of their mails,\" said Ahmad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14945202", "title": "NTR\u2019s Baadshah shooting in Milan", "text": "The shooting of young tiger Jr. NTR's new film \"Baadshah\" has commenced in Italy. Director Sreenu Vaitla and his team are filming crucial scenes on NTR and Kajal in Milan. This stylish comedy and action entertainer sees Jr. NTR in a trendy look and a Mumbai based stylish has been roped in to oversee the actor's hairstyle and look.Production sources inform that the Milan schedule lasts for around 30 days and the unit will capture various noteworthy locations in this schedule. Producer Ganesh Babu is leaving no stone unturned to make it a lavish project. Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat, who are joining the team on July 18, are providing the script while Thaman is scoring the music.After the Italy, Baadshah team will shoot in Hyderabad and later on, whizz off to Bangkok for another foreign schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14903557", "title": "Review: Harry Potter website", "text": "NEW YORK: Shortly before the Harry Potter saga came to an end on movie screens a year ago, we were teased with more adventures about the young wizard through a website called Pottermore.One million fans who were able to solve riddles and find a Magical Quill have had a chance to try out Pottermore for nearly a year. The rest of us - the magic-free Muggles - had to wait until it opened to the general public this spring. Even then, much of the attention was on the fact that Pottermore was making e-book versions of the Harry Potter novels available for the first time.As the anniversary of the final movie approached - it opened in theaters a year ago this weekend - I gave the rest of Pottermore a try.The free site takes you through the novels chapter by chapter as if you're playing a game. Starting with \"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone,\" you're given imagery and summaries of key plots and characters. You must look for picture frames and other items along the way to access certain content and move to the next chapter. Miss one, and you might find yourself unable to brew a potion later on.As Harry is ready to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, you even get your own wand, customized to your height, eye color and personality traits such as your biggest fear and source of pride.Later, the Sorting Hat will place you in one of four houses at Hogwarts based on how you answer questions designed by author J.K. Rowling. You and others in your assigned house compete with others in periodic House Cup tournaments. The Slytherin house won the inaugural round and got early access to new content as its prize.Along the way, Pottermore offers new tales from Rowling and insights into her thinking behind characters and plotlines. You also get excerpts from the books and encyclopedia-like entries on people, places and things. I was reminded that a put-outer is a device used to magically turn off street lights on Privet Drive.Pottermore delivered for the most part, but what's available is limited.Clips from the Harry Potter movies would have been nice, but Pottermore chose to focus on the reading experience. Even then, the site so far has only the first book and the first four chapters of the second one, \"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.\" The latter arrived just this week.I've read all seven books and watched all eight movies, many of them multiple times. I was at a Borders book store at midnight when the final book came out in 2007 and paid several dollars extra to watch the final movie in 3D on a giant Imax screen last year. It's not a surprise that I found lots to enjoy in Pottermore.Other adults should find much to like, too, but it's clear that kids are a big part of the target audience.During the wand selection, for instance, you're asked whether you consider yourself short, average or tall - \"for your age.\"Many sites exclude kids under 13 because of additional consent requirements under a 1998 U.S. law. Laudably, Pottermore doesn't do that. Instead, the kid must provide a parent's email address, and an email is sent to obtain permission. Nothing prevents a child from lying about his or her age or email address, though.Pottermore does a good job of keeping child safety and privacy in mind. You're asked for your full name if you're at least 13, but it's not displayed - not even if you wanted it to be. Kids and adults alike must choose a username from a handful presented. You can't write your own, lest you include your real name or attributes such as your school or city.You can add friends to your Pottermore network, the way you have a circle of friends on Facebook, but you must already know that friend's username. You can't look for friends by entering their email addresses, the way you can elsewhere. That hinders Pottermore's community experience, as I have no way of knowing whether any of my friends are already on Pottermore. But it also helps keep kids and strangers apart.I do like that e-commerce is secondary at Pottermore. I had expected the site to continually blast me with offers for books, DVDs, mugs and posters. The shop only has e-books and audio books for starters, and you have to look hard for the link at the bottom. You can't even buy more coins to spend on virtual items; you have to find them as you move through the site.Another nice touch: Pottermore is available in English, French, German, Italian and Spanish from the start. Japanese, Korean and others are coming soon. You can choose the American or British flavor of English. The name of the first book even changes to reflect the fact that the Sorcerer's Stone is known as the Philosopher's Stone in Britain.As I journeyed through the early chapters, I found many of the tasks overly simplistic. Much of my time was spent moving a cursor around the page looking for objects to collect, such as an alarm clock and seaweed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14937982", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Women's panel peeved over absence of cops for 45 minutes", "text": "GUWAHATI: A two-member National Women Commission (NWC) team has taken a strong note on the virtual absence of police for at least 45 minutes when a teenage girl was molested outside a city bar on Monday evening.The team, comprising NWC members Alka Lamba and Wansuk Syiem, arrived here on Saturday to probe into the incident, along with Assam State Women Commission. The team met DGP, the victim and the bar management. The team will also visit chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday.The team has suggested setting up of special fast track court for trial of those accused in the molestation of the teenage girl. \"There were loopholes for which the incident took place. For 45 minutes, there was no policeman at the site even as the distance of the nearest police station was only a five minutes drive. We have met the Assam DGP J N Choudhury and asked to arrest the seven or eight culprits, who are still at large, as early as possible,\" said Lamba.She added that as the victim has undergone serious mental and physical trauma, the team would stay with the girl tonight. \"We met the girl and spoke to her at length on Saturday. Although she is feeling comfortable now, she has undergone not only physical but also mental trauma. She will be staying with us tonight. We will provide all possible help so that the girl can overcome the trauma. The immediate need is to arrest those who are still absconding,\" Lamba said.\"As long as the culprits remain at large, they will pose a threat to society,\" she added. The team will submit its report and recommendations to NWC chairperson Mamata Sharma on Monday.\"We will find out the lapses for which the incident occurred, and accordingly give recommendations to NWC chairperson. Home minister P Chidambaram has taken a serious note of the incident,\" said Lamba.She added, \"Expansion of Guwahati is taking place on a rapid scale. It is not bad with urbanization, but women should feel safe. Safety of women should be ensured by the authorities.\" The team said police patrolling should be increased and pubs and bars should be closed within the stipulated time.\"After attending the birthday party of a friend in the bar, when she and a friend came outside some youth tried to photograph them to which they opposed. This led to the molestation incident,\" said Lamba.The team members said bystanders, who watched the molestation, should also be booked because they were also committed a crime by not helping the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918797", "title": "Vice-presidential poll: BSP lends support to Hamid Ansari", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party has announced to support the candidature of UPA nominee Hamid Ansari for the post of Vice-President in the national interest. \"As you know, the election for the post of Vice-President is slated for August 7 and after giving the issue a deep thought, we decided to extend our support to Hamid Ansari in national and people's interest,\" a BSP release said quoting party chief Mayawati.The release said that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi have both talked to Mayawati on the issue over phone and the BSP supremo has apprised both of her decision in this regard.Praising Ansari's personality and working style, it said that during his first stint as Vice-President, he maintained the dignity of the high office and discharged his duties with dedication. Taking all these aspects into consideration, the BSP has decided to extend support to Ansari and hoped that he would win by a very good margin.Recalling its support to UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee for the post of President, finding him most capable, the party said that it is confident that he too would win by a very good margin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917599", "title": "Delhi finds its four sudoku champions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city found its final four Times Sudoku Champions on Saturday - Himani Shah, Ritesh Gupta, Akash Doulani and Saroj Kumar Sahu. Delhi's master number-crunchers will now compete with winners from Bangalore, Chennai and Mumbai later this month. Four winners from that competition, to be held in Mumbai, will represent India in the International Sudoku Tournament in Croatia in October this year.Close to 1200 participants turned up for the championship. Ninety one made it to the final round and eventually, only four won. The venue, South Delhi's NCUI auditorium was milling with people all day. Crowds had begun gathering at the venue as early as eight in the morning for the first nine o'clock game.And if that isn't testimony to the enthusiasm that the Japanese number puzzle generates, one only need look at the winners. Doulani, a businessman, came all the way from Calcutta to participate in the competition. Even a 20-hour train delay did not deter him. Gupta (25) is a Delhi boy studying in IIM Lucknow. He too undertook a train journey to spend the weekend solving puzzles. \"I haven't been practicing much lately, but I have been participating in this championship since 2007,\" says Gupta, who has consistently represented India at the international sudoku tournaments. Last year, he represented India in Beijing.Since the competition did not have an age limit, the participation was all the more vibrant and varied. Grey-haired septuagenarians and young school kids clutching pencil boxes sat side-by-side, diligently penciling numbers into grids. The youngest was seven-year-old Vivaan Badaan. \"I solve the sudoku in Delhi Times every day. But my friends in school don't know much about this,\" said a bright, confident Badaan, before getting down to business. While the first round had 6x6 puzzles, round two had participants working on tougher 9x9 grids with even getting the numbers 1 to 9 to fit the diagonals.For now all eyes are on the next level. \"I haven't been practicing regularly enough. But for the next round, I will practice on the web,\" says Delhi winner Shah, an HR professional. Game on!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916348", "title": "Man killed for 'stalking' relative", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 26-year-old property dealer from Vikaspuri was murdered by his cousin and another relative in Noida for stalking a female relative, police said on Saturday.Noida police found Rakesh Kumar's body in a canal, in Sector 132, on Friday morning. There were stabbing wounds on his stomach, neck and chest. The cousin, Ramanand (25), and his brother-in-law, Deepak (26), have been arrested.Ramanand works as a lab technician in Sector 2, Rohini, while Deepak lives in Sector 44, Noida. The accused had planned to murder Kumar in Meerut, but lost their way driving there.Police said trouble started about two-and-a-half months ago when Ramanand's sister married Deepak. \"Rakesh, who is married and has a child, used to send Ramanand's sister lewd messages and called her at odd hours. He didn't stop even after she married Deepak. The family elders did not complain to police,'' said an officer from Vikaspuri police station, which carried out both the arrests.V Renganathan, additional CP (west) said Deepak and Ramanand decided to murder Kumar after he ignored their appeals. \"The duo invited Rakesh to Ramanand's residence in Rohini on July 11. They cajoled him to get drunk; the liquor was probably laced with sedatives. They then took him to Sector 132 in Noida, near a reputed nursery school, and stabbed him several times on his stomach, neck and chest before throwing his body in the canal.\"Police said the deceased's family lodged a complaint on July 12 at the Vikaspuri police station. \"His brother Dipesh said Kumar had not returned home on July 11 and that his phone was switched off. A case of kidnapping was registered on July 13,'' said an investigator.The guard of the Noida school noticed the decomposed body inside the canal on the morning of July 13 and the Sector 39 police registered a case of murder and suppression of evidence. \"When we began questioning the people last noticed with Rakesh, we got to know about Ramanand's movements. He could not give a proper alibi and broke down during sustained questioning, and owned up to the murder,'' said Renganathan, adding that they are trying to recover the weapon used for the murder.The police said they had seized the car used by the accused. \"We will be taking down statements of the other family members and the accused's sister to ascertain other facts. The Noida police have been contacted to gather case details, including the postmortem report,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14923682", "title": "Patient advice: Cut the flab before you talk, doctor", "text": "NEW DELHI: If your roly-poly doctor tells you to hit the gym, would you take him seriously? A new study by researchers at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine shows that doctors need to practice what they preach as much as anyone else. Because their own girth can influence how they care for patients with weight problems.The study, carried in the medical journal Obesity, revealed that overweight doctors were less likely to discuss weightloss with patients: only 18% discussed it compared to 30% doctors of normal weight. An increased tendency to prescribe medication over lifestyle changes such as diet and exercise was also observed.Indian doctors agree on the need to maintain fitness levels to be able to take better care of their patients. \"A physician who is fit acts as a role model. There is a confidence level when he talks to his patient about losing weight, exercising daily and maintaining healthy food habits . It really works. But if the doctor is himself obese, the message lacks conviction and often fails to motivate,\" says Dr Kameshwar Prasad, senior neurologist at AIIMS. Though doctors spend a lot of time advising patients on healthy living, many end up obese, hypertensive and diabetic themselves.\"Young doctors often complain about lack of time, high stress levels on account of work pressure. But they must understand the importance of good health. We need to follow what we preach,\" Dr Prasad says. Diabetes specialist Anoop Misra of Fortis Hospitals says he has a family history of diabetes and works out daily for 30 minutes. \"It gives me the right amount of energy and I am able to routinely work 12-14 hours a day,\" says Dr Misra.The John Hopkins study builds on earlier work that analyzed how doctors' smoking habits affected their advice to patients . Here, too, researchers found that physicians who lit up were less likely to recommend that their patients kick the butt, because it would seem hypocritical to do so. According to Dr R C Jiloha, psychiatrist at G B Pant hospital, there is a need to sensitize doctors about looking after their health \u2014 for their own good and for the patient's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14917978", "title": "Barun Biswas: An unsung hero", "text": "It was a rainy July evening ten years ago. A motley group of villagers from Sutia gathered at the local market to protest the spate of rapes that had left the area terrorized. They were angry but terrified of reprisal. And they did not know if anyone would join the fight. Speaking in hushed tones, they distributed leaflets asking people to join the protest. Some took the leaflets hesitantly, cast a furtive glance, and threw them away. A hired microphone lay silent in a corner.Suddenly, a young man walked boldly through the anxious crowd and grabbed the microphone. He stood tall on a wooden stool and started speaking. \"If we can't protect our daughters, sisters, wives and mothers, then we shouldn't be living in a civilized society. If we lack the courage to take on the rapists, we deserve more severe punishment than they do.... So come and join us to protect the honour of our women ,\" Barun Biswas pleaded passionately to rapturous applause from the crowd.The seeds of a movement - unparalleled in the country - were sown. And that very moment, Barun was marked for death.In the two years running up to the meeting at Sutia market, the locality had been ravaged by a gang of rapists - led by Sushanta Choudhury - who used sexual torture as a weapon of dominance. Officially, there had been 33 rapes and a dozen murders but the actual number of rapes was many times more because victims were too terrified to complain. Anyone who even murmured in protest was gangraped for weeks. Worse, the gang sometimes raped every woman in the family, regardless of age, to teach a lesson. Apart from the half-a-dozen villages in the area, no one knew about the terror. And the police did not quite bother.That was till Barun Biswas broke the fear barrier that rainy evening and sparked a spontaneous protest. He formed the Pratibadi Mancha and waded into battle with a copy of Ramakrishna Paramhansa's works and no hate in his heart. When Sushanta was eventually arrested, thanks to Barun's crusade, the young idealist handed the gangster a book of Ramakrishna and advised: \"Jele boshe poris (read it in jail).\"Sushanta and four of his gang are serving life terms in jail. It doesn't seem he read the book because police suspect him of plotting Barun's murder from behind bars.Barun not only brought justice for the raped, he also rehabilitated them socially. Though it made him a hero in Sutia, his commitment never changed. He helped poor boys study, bought medicines for the elderly, coached job-seekers, and even campaigned for the dredging of a canal to prevent Sutia and nearby areas from flooding.\"Barun knew his life was under threat but he didn't bother. He always had a daring streak. He looked like the boy next door but believe me, he had nerves of steel. He was scared of no one and he loved helping people, often at the cost of his own comfort. Barun kept nothing for himself, other than his bed which he would give away to the students he helped. A year ago, he finally gave it to a neighbour and would sleep on plastic sheets. Even the man who pointed him out to the assassins at Gobardanga station had received rice from him a week ago,\" said Asit Biswas, Barun's elder brother.He had scores of visitors every morning, so many, in fact, that had to build a kutcha road in his backyard to avoid crowding at the front door.There were hints of this selfless, bold nature when Barun, the son of a landless farmer, was growing up. In school, he was never afraid to speak out, even against teachers. He was polite and very disciplined, say his teachers. Once, when in Class IX he protested against a decision of the headmaster in Panchpota Bharadanga High School. He did his masters in Bengali and then a Bed and even cleared the state civil services exam but his heart was set on social work.Chucking a bureaucrat's cushy life, he settled for a teacher's job. And he loved it. More so because it gave him ample time to continue with his social work. \"Nothing pleased him more than helping people. He did it passionately, out of genuine love for the people,\" said Arun Biswas, his brother.It was probably born out of the immense hardship that he and his four siblings went through. His parents Jagadish and Geeta had migrated from Faridpur in Bangladesh after the 1971 war with what they had on their backs. Jagadish worked as a labourer during the day and by singing for a theatre group at night. Barun and his siblings understood that their father slogged so that they could continue in school. \"We imbibed the love for hard work from our parents,\" said Asit, adding that they could not afford even a quilt in winter. \"We would chop off the skin of banana trees and tie it to our legs to protect from the cold,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14936160", "title": "Allahabad University begins the counselling for BA courses", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The counselling for BA courses at Allahabad University began on Saturday. Admission Cell director Prof BN Singh said on the first day of BA counseling, 625 candidates, who had scored 183 and above marks in the overall merit list of UGAT were called for counseling. About 250 candidates had taken admission by 6pm.\"We would be admitting over 550 students on the first day and the counselling could go till 8pm for which we have made elaborate arrangements,\" said Prof Singh.Besides, 72 candidates took admission in Law three-year course, 16 students in BCom and 117 in BSc, added Prof Singh. On Monday, candidates who have scored 158 and above marks in UGAT have been called for counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14945024", "title": "Mantra for happiness: Be negative", "text": "Before you rush out to buy the next positive thinking bestseller, ask yourself this \u2014 is your search for optimism making you miserable? Dhamini Ratnam speaks to an unusual group that says, bathe in insecurity and focus on the worst case scenario instead of the best to find what else, happiness and success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14937796", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan\u2019s campaign to reduce fertilizer prices draws support of other CMs", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's demand to the union government for reduction in fertilizer prices in the larger interest of farmers has drawn support of even non-BJP ruled states. Supporting Chouhan's stand, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalitha, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dixit have also urged the union government to reduce prices of fertilizers. Chief ministers of these states have extended moral support to Chouhan's stand terming it as farmer-friendly.Chouhan had also asked the union ministers and heads of political parties to raise this anti-farmer issue in the parliament. Expressing concern over two to three-fold increase in fertilizer prices, he had requested the union government to reduce fertilizer prices immediately.Chouhan urged union government that monthly quota of fertilizers should be released to states and supply of fertilizers to states as per allotment of the quota. He said the farmers' condition have deteriorated in the wake of steep increase in fertilizer prices during last one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14924091", "title": "Green food for thought", "text": "Feel like taking a break after pampering your taste buds to rich and sinful delicacies? Head to Sanjeevanam Vegetarian Health Restaurant, nestled in the still green environs of Koramangala.The ambience at the notso-big dining area with a glass roof, under the shade of butter fruit, sapota and mango trees, makes it perfect for a green meal. If you're there for lunch, settle for the Rajakeeyam special meal, which adheres strictly to naturopathic standards in terms of nutritional balance.You will be in for a range of surprises, right from when you are greeted with a slice of banana (nenthra pazham) with a sprinkle of grated coconut . The waiter explains that it will settle any acidity and serve as an appetizer. Soon, an array of five juices, each just a mouthful, is brought in cute little glasses . Follow the order in which they are kept, from right to left. Starting with date juice, followed by cashew milk, fresh vegetable soup, harita buttermilk and brown rice soup, the fare serves a higher purpose. \"They are meant to stimulate the four different tastes of sour, sweet, spicy and bitter on our tongue,\" says Uma Raghavan, dietitian-manager (marketing), Sanjeevanam.Now begins the buffet fare, that starts with four items of uncooked food, including salads and a sweet mix of jaggery and rice flour. After that, move on to the table where another four items of semicooked food are arranged. It includes a preparation with banana flower and pumpkin with sweet and spice.Then on to the fully cooked traditional items of Kerala - brown/white rice, chapatis, poriyal, spinach, aviyal, dal fry, sambar, rasam, buttermilk , pachadi (with curd) and chutney. Finish it with a payasam of whole wheat, dal, aval or brown rice. The waiter ends the royal treat by serving up a spoonful of organic honey, which helps digestion.The additional assurances will make your tummy feel even better. \"We don't refrigerate or reheat food. Unhealthy ingredients are strictly off our menu, including sugar, maida, red chillies, readymade masalas and artificial colours and flavours. We also use very little oil,\" says Jijimon KV, restaurant manager . Palm candy or honey comes as a healthy supplement for sugar, while whole wheat flour substitutes maida . The food is prepared by trained people in consultation with doctors and dietitians. It reaches the consumer only after a quality check every day, he adds. \"The Rajakeeyam dishes are cooked over a low flame in brass vessels to sustain nutritional value,\" he adds. Deep frying is a no-no , the only cooking methods used are steaming, stewing and stir-frying.Regular eaters don't have a second opinion about the health factor. \"It was rejuvenating for my taste buds. It's delicious and healthy, unlike the usual spicy treat. Every item here has a unique taste,\" says Mahesh Perumana, a banking professional.Apart from the royal treat for lunch, you can choose from Nilgiri subz biryani, tofu and peas pulao, Sanjeevanam biryani, tofu steaks, sprouts kurma, and kidney beans and apricot tikki, along with many other lip-smacking dishes. These are available for dinner as well. The evening snacks have vazhappoo (banana flower) cutlet, kozhukkattai and ela ada.As you stumble out, you can be sure your tummy will bring you back to this restaurant , which keeps up to its claim 'Where taste meets health'.Sanjeevanam Vegetarian Health Restaurant 50, 100 Ft Road, Koramangala 2nd Block (Opposite Kendriya Sadan) Phone: 25631962, 25634430 Meal for two: Rs 600", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916167", "title": "Nagpur University asks its disciplinary panel to expedite inquiry", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University has finally forwarded the documents of new revaluation/re-totalling scam to its Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC), almost a week after it was detected. Panel chairman Eknath Kathale confirmed the development to the media but refused to divulge details.He however stated that he received the complaint and documents from controller of examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane regarding fraudulent increase of marks in revaluation/re-totalling by assistant registrar (Revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa of her own son. A preliminary inquiry conducted by CoE himself after receiving a complaint by 'Munna Patel' revealed that Chunodkar-Handa had allegedly misused her position to fraudulently increase marks of her son in as many as three subjects that helped him to clear the engineering third semester exams, conducted in October-November last year.NU sources added that Kane had made a complaint of only one candidate despite the fact that the 'tainted' assistant registrar had allegedly helped hundreds of other students to clear their engineering exams using same the modus operandi. The CoE had made a specific request to expedite the inquiry considering the \"serious nature\" of allegations against Chunodkar-Handa, but Kathale refused to accept it stating that the panel will require time to probe the accusations.Even chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar had started a probe on his own level in the scam after receiving letters from members of various statutory bodies. He will be submitting his report to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan. Earlier, Chunodkar-Handa was shunted out to the University Tribunal after TOI exposed the scam on July 8. Chunodkar-Handa was later shifted to the Academic Section after Tribunal authorities refused to employ her, citing sensitive nature of the work there.NU, members, however raised doubts on functioning of DAC and whether it will be able to get to the bottom of the scam because of its limited jurisdiction and manpower. They also stated that DAC was having members who were associated with NU and there was every chance that investigations may be affected. They, therefore, reiterated their demand for a judicial inquiry or a police complaint. They also demanded suspension of Chunodkar-Handa till the inquiry was over as this scam had the same implications and modus operandi as the infamous Kohchade scam.NU declares leaked paper resultAfter two and half months, NU has finally declared the results of BCCA final year exams on Saturday. The exam hogged limelight as question paper of its Business Law subject was leaked. After TOI ran a series of reports about the leak and the university's less-than-efficient response to it, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal announced its re-exam even as city police confirmed the leak. About 1,862 out of 2,975 students have cleared the exam with 63% success rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "the directorate of art and culture has extended the form collection and submission dates of three schemes", "code": "14920120", "title": "Govt schemes for art and culture", "text": "The directorate of art and culture has extended the form collection and submission dates of three schemes: Financial assistance to groups of traditional, folk artists for purchase of costumes and drapery, scheme to provide musical instruments and performance-related material to cultural troupes and Kala Sanman scheme (financial assistance to artists) up to July 31. The artist community may approach the directorate of art and culture, Sanskruti Bhavan, Patto, Panaji, during office hours.All Goa Muslim Jamats hold meet: Association of all Goa Muslim Jamats organized a meeting of all Jamat heads and Ulemas from Goa to discuss the problems faced during declaration of sighting of the moon and constituted a Hilal committee. It said that the Hilal committee will decide on the sighting of the moon and convey it to masjid committees, states a press note.Joseph Vaz is YMCA western region chairman: At the general body meeting of Western Region of YMCAs of India held at Panaji, Joseph Vaz was elected as the chairman of the Western Region of YMCAs of India (Goa, Maharashtra and Gujarat), the first Goan to occupy the position to the post in 160 years history of existence of the association. India is divided into nine regions for better administration and co-ordination. The western region consists of over 30 YMCAs involved in social activities and sports. Vaz as the then president of Panaji YMCA along with a dedicated team of directors was instrumental in establishing a multistoried complex 'YMCA International Goa' at Campal, Panaji in the year 2005 placing Goa on the international map. He was instrumental in starting the senior citizen's guild YMCA, the women's forum YMCA, the senior citizen's guild Panaji is the first in India in the YMCA movement. The other members elected to the committee are: Uday Bijapurkar (Kolhapur) as vice chairman, T D Thomas (Navi Mumbai) as treasurer, Bhen Samson(Pune) as general secretary; P Thomas John (Kalyan), Anil Ghodke (Aurangabad), Sunil Khisty (Poona), Santosh Zachariah (Gandhidham), R J Gabriel (Thane) and Messias Bismark (Vasco da Gama).Sesa Goa wins green award: Sesa Goa's Sanquelim group of mines was conferred with the 'Abheraj Baldota Environment Award' by the Federation of Indian Mining Industries (FIMI). The award was presented to Sanquelim mines of Sesa Goa Limited for its efforts in conservation of environment and natural resources by undertaking various reclamation initiatives like biodiversity plantations, rain water harvesting and pisciculture in exhausted mining pits, medicinal gardens, bamboo setum, bamboo pavilion etc.The award was received by P K Mukherjee, managing director, Sesa Goa Limited, Ulhas Kerkar, business manager mining, Sesa Goa Limited and Leena Verenkar, AGM Environment, Sesa Goa Limited, from the Union minister of state for mines, Dinsha J Patel, at a function held in New Delhi.Medical aids to the needy: In an endeavour to help the needy, the Rotary club of Margao midtown launched its new permanent project, 'Medical Aids for the needy' at the hands of past district governor Gurudutt Bhakta, on Doctors Day. The launch also coincided with the beginning of the new Rotary year and the installation of Dr Jorson Fernandes as the district governor of Rotary district 3170 (covering clubs in Goa, Belgaum, Dharwad, Hubli, Kholapur, Sindudhurg and Ratnagiri districts). This project consists of making available medical aids like walking sticks, walkers, crutches, wheelchairs and waterbeds on a short term hire basis at a rent of one rupee a day. This facility is aimed at the those needy patients specially old and infirm who do not have the means of purchasing these aids as these may be required for a short time only and investment in these aids deters them from using these aids and hence hampers healing. The whole project is housed at Rafael Medicare Centre, behind Grace church, Margao. The process of application for medical aid has been simplified and the necessary details can be obtained from Rafael Medicare Centre (Ph: 3235662)National child award: The Union ministry of women and child development, Government of India, has instituted an award called 'National Child Award for Exceptional Achievement' to give recognition to children with exceptional abilities and who have achieved outstanding status in different fields such as academics, art and culture, sports etc from each state/UT.The award carries a gold medal at the national level with a cash prize of Rs 20,000 and a citation, a silver medal for each state child carrying a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and a citation. Children in the age group of 4 to 15 as on July 31, 2012, are eligible for this award. For details, contact the director, Directorate of Women and Child Development, Shanta Building, St Inez, Panaji, during office hours on any working day.The last date to submit the application is July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920500", "title": "First-time MLAs hit out at Congress", "text": "PANAJI: Participating in the discussion on the motion of thanks to the governor's address to the assembly on Friday, first-time MLAs of the ruling coalition raised several issues even as they lashed out at the previous government for not doing enough on several fronts.Sanvordem BJP MLA Ganesh Gaonkar called upon the government to remove mining dumps which are creating a major problem, but cautioned that it should be done without destroying the environment.Ponda's MGP MLA Lavu Mamledar criticized the Congress government for \"targeting\" Sanatan Saunstha when \"it was working towards preserving Indian culture and values\".Benaulim MLA Caitan 'Caitu' D'Silva wondered why there is criticism over the Ladli Laxmi scheme as he said that in the last five years, several schemes were implemented through an MLA's daughter. He also said the previous government devoted a lot of time in chasing a minister/MLA.Velim MLA Benjamin D'Silva ridiculed Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco for his statement that it was because of Congress' non-vengence and pro-Goa policy that the Planning Commission under UPA has approved a plan size of 4,700 crore for Goa. He wondered that if it was so then why the UPA had not done the same when Goa was ruled by the same Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14919038", "title": "Share autos: Illegal, but sought after", "text": "CHENNAI: Many of the share autorickshaws may be unsafe or illegal, but passengers are flocking to them because of their affordability in a city where regular autorikshaws are notorious for fleecing.\"Of the 1,600-odd share autos in the city, only 300 are registered. The rest of them have no permits and are illegal,\" says State Auto Federation general secretary Rajendran. He, however, doesn't have a convincing answer for why the regular autos don't run by the meter. \"If the government fixes a reasonable fare, we will operate by the meter,\" he said.Road Transport officials say they frequently fine illegal share autos, but commuters say share autos are a solace since many of them cannot afford regular auto rides. An auto driver charges not less than 100 for a ride from Guindy to Adyar, while a share auto charges only 20. Meryl Gracia, a regular commuter from Tiruvanmiyur to Guindy, says, \"I hire autos only when I am late to work or when it is raining. Most of the time I travel by share autos or maxi cabs as they take half the time than my regular M70 bus.\"Sanjay Arora, additional commissioner of police (traffic) says that 49,395 cases were registered under the Motor Vehicles Act against share autos and 60,200 cases against maxi vans since January. The police have collected 111, 45,450 as fine, but the drivers say they still make a good profit. \"This should serve as a message to fleecing auto drivers and the authorities who fail to rein them in,\" says M Aparna, an office-goer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14920851", "title": "Government extends ban on LTTE for another 2 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has extended the ban on LTTE for another two years, declaring that the terror outfit continues to adopt a strong anti-India posture and pose a grave threat to the security of its citizens.In a notification extending the ban till May 31, 2014, the home ministry said that separatist Tamil chauvinist and pro-LTTE groups continued to foster a separatist tendency among the masses and was trying to enhance the support base for the group, particularly in Tamil Nadu , which would ultimately have a strong disintegrating influence over the territorial integrity of India.It said that the activities of the outfit's remaining cadres, dropouts, sympathizers, supporters, who have been traced recently in Tamil Nadu, suggested that the supporters sent to the southern state would ultimately be utilized by the LTTE for unlawful activities.The outfit was banned in India in the aftermath of the assassination of former PM Rajiv Gandhi in 1991. The organization was also defeated and virtually decimated by the Sri Lankan forces in 2009, when its supremo V Prabhakaran was eliminated.\"The diaspora continue to spread , through articles in the internet portals, anti-India feeling among the Sri Lankan Tamils by holding the top Indian political leaders and bureaucrats responsible for the defeat of the LTTE,\" said the notification that was issued in May.\"Such propaganda through internet, which remains continued, is likely to impact VVIP security adversely in India,\" it said.The ministry also said the LTTE's objective for a separate homeland (Tamil Eelam) for all Tamils threatens the sovereignty and territorial integrity of India and amounts to cession from the Union and thus falls within the ambit of unlawful activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14949911", "title": "SC will hear petitions on July 19", "text": "MANGALORE: A division bench of the Supreme Court has directed that all review and impleading petitions pertaining to the ban on the use of tint films on four-wheelers will be posted for hearing on July 19. The Car Owners and Consumers' Association (COCA) here had filed a review and impleading application in the first week of July and on Wednesday, the bench headed by Justice Swatanter Kumar said that all applications would be bunched together and heard on July 19.Advocate Padma Prasad Hegde, who filed the application, told TOI that the apex court banned tint films on the basis of a PIL filed by Avishek Goenka without hearing other parties involved. \"There are lakhs of consumers and car owners who use these films. They were not heard at the time of passing the order. The matter should have been given wide publicity before passing the order,'' he said.The bench consisting of Chief Justice SH Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar went by the limits prescribed in the MV Act and said anything beyond the visual light transmission (VLT) limit of 70% for the front and rear windshields and 50% for the side windows would be punishable.In his PIL Goenka had stated that cars with black film on window panes were being increasingly used for crimes, including sexual assault of women. Hegde said he would place all facts on record before the court and would pray for modification of that order so that tint with prescribed VLT should be allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14947282", "title": "Docs boycott special duty to protest case against colleague", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Doctors at Parassala taluk hospital boycotted specialty OP duty on Saturday after police registered a case against a male doctor who allegedly tried to sexually harass a female patient on Thursday. According to Kerala Government Medical Officers Association ( KGMOA) Thiruvananthapuram district branch secretary Dr Anil V, the doctor was framed.\"It is evident that there is no possibility for a doctor engaging in any such harassment while performing his duty at the OP of a heavily crowded government hospital. Activists of a political party and local police colluded to frame the doctor. We won't be able to discharge our duties if police start charging such cases upon false complaints against doctors. In protest against the development, we have decided to abstain from special OP duty,\" he said.However, police denied any deliberate move towards maligning the morale of doctors. According to them, there were several complaints against the particular doctor in the past as well. Parassala CI T Anilkumar said the accused was not an 'acceptable character' even to his colleagues.\"We have registered a case under CrPC 364 against him for attempting to outrage the modesty of a woman. The complainant is a public worker and there was no reason to deny her right to file a complaint,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14920470", "title": "Student suicide triggers tension", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Tension prevailed at Pamarru village when locals staged a rasta roko on the national highway on Saturday demanding action against the management of a private school where an SSC girl student committed suicide on Friday. The locals alleged that the management shifted the body of the victim to Gudivada government hospital without informing the police and parents. Traffic on both sides of the highway was stranded for about 10 km for over three hours due to the blockade.According to police, Pallavi, a 15-year old girl of Gopavaram village in Musunur mandal, hanged herself from the ceiling in the high school premises. The girl had been staying in the school hostel since the time she joined the school in class IV about six years ago. She is reported to have attended a tuition class held in the school premises in the morning but not the regular school during the morning session. When the teachers enquired about Pallavi, her classmates said that she had been complaining about stomach ache for the past few months and was taking rest in the hostel.After school, her classmates searched for Pallavi but did not find her in the hostel room. The students were later shocked to find the girl hanging from the roof near the staircase and immediately alerted the hostel authorities. The school management called the parents and police after bringing down the body. But before the police could reach the spot, body was shifted to the government hospital by the school management in the hope of rescuing her. However, the hospital authorities declared her brought dead.The local tehsildar Swaminaidu visited the school and hospital and recorded the statements of the students and the school management representatives. A day after the incident, the relatives and villagers of Gopavaram reached Pamarru and staged a rasta roko protesting the management's action. Police pacified the agitators saying the school authorities had informed the local police and the revenue officials on Friday itself. The local tehsildar promised action against school authorities if they are found guilty after the enquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14916738", "title": "Asbestos roofs pose a health threat to kids in 60 schools", "text": "KOZHIKODE: For the children of many schools in the district, the asbestos roofs over their head are posing a serious health hazard. Oblivious to the fact that the asbestos is carcinogenic (cancer-causing), they continue to attend classes. Though the State Human Rights Commission prohibited the use of asbestos as roofs in state schools in January 2009, nearly 60 schools, both private and government-run, in the district are yet to implement the order.Though no cases of any asbestos-related diseases have been reported from these schools so far, the surprising fact is that the district education officials don't even have a proper account of the number of schools using asbestos as roofs.\"We do not have a consolidated data on this. Of the 1,162 schools in the government, aided and unaided sectors, less than 100 schools are functioning in temporary buildings made of asbestos roofs,\" said P Ajayakumar, deputy director of education in-charge.Though the official claimed that the number is more in schools run by private managements, he quickly added that steps are being taken to ensure that government schools do not use asbestos. \"We are in the process of ensuring that buildings of government schools that are functioning in the temporary sheds do not use asbestos,\" he said.But the schools which use asbestos have their own reasons to defend the use of this carcinogenic material for roofs. Many say that lack of funds compel them use asbestos for roofing as it is cheaply available.\"We know the health hazards of asbestos sheets. But we are helpless. We don't have money to construct school building by spending huge sums. There were 15 classrooms under asbestos roofs. We have reduced the number to nine,\" said N Basheer, staff secretary of the Government Ganapath Model Girls HSS. He said the school would use Rs 1 crore granted by the state government to build nine new classrooms.But many education department officials also blame the state government for the tardy progress in checking the use of asbestos in schools. \"Though the government issued a circular, no follow-up action was taken to check if the order is being implemented,\" said an assistant education officer who declined to be named.Meanwhile, doctors in the district forewarn that continuous exposure to asbestos also known as the deadly white fibre increases the risk of lung cancer. \"Prolonged exposure can create scratches in the lung. It can also cause incurable mesothelioma cancer ,\" said Dr E Narayanan Kutty Varrier, an oncologist. He said that children also face the risk of asbestosis , a condition in which the breathing ability of lungs is affected.Considering the serious health threats to schoolchildren, the district panchayat is planning a special project as part of this financial year to remove asbestos sheets from government schools. \"We have found 12 government higher secondary schools that use asbestos roofs. An initial discussion on this has already taken place with the deputy director of education,\" said K P Sheeba, district panchayat chairperson of health and education standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919345", "title": "Juna Vadaj residents foil robbery, nab one", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Residents and shopkeepers of Bhimjipura in Juna Vadaj foiled a robbery attempt late on Friday night and managed to apprehend one of the robbers, a 20-year-old man. He was part of a three-member gang which had targeted an angadia firm in the area. On Saturday, police sent out teams to track down his accomplices.According to Naranpura police officials, the incident took place in Parth Towers in Bhimjipura at 10 pm. Rajesh Rawal and his brother run Jai Ambe Tools and an angadia firm in the complex. They were closing the shop when they were attacked. At that point, they were carrying a bag containing cash and jewellery that was meant to be delivered. The trio stopped them on a flight of stairs and tried to snatch the bag. One of the assailants was carrying a country-made gun.\"When Rawal protested, he was assaulted with the butt of the gun,\" said a Naranpura police official. \"He was injured on the forehead. Shopkeepers and residents in the vicinity were drawn out by the commotion.\" The man who had the gun fired in the air and two of the three fled the spot. \"The person who was caught was beaten up,\" the official said. \"Later, the 108 service was called and the youth and Rawal were taken to hospital.\"H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police station, told TOI that the man caught was identified as Vipul Vasava, a resident of Amad village near Bharuch. \"He told us that his sister had married Shailesh Patel in Mehsana,\" Jamod said. \"Through him, Vipul came in touch with Minesh. The trio started targeting angadia firms and had procured a country-made gun.\"The trio was first caught last year by Mehsana police when Minesh was found carrying a firearm. They had confessed to police that they had been involved in an angadia loot of Rs 1.5 lakh in Gandhinagar in 2010. \"Vipul identified the man with the gun on Friday as Minesh,\" Jamod said. \"Vipul has stated that he was asked to reach Vadaj Circle for an 'adventure.' The trio apparently did not have any getaway vehicle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14949495", "title": "Nayantara turns assistant director", "text": "After acting in a couple of movies, generally heroines look towards producing flicks but not directing it. But our spicy beauty Nayantara is quite the opposite to that and is planning to become a director. She has started becoming an assistant director too.Something interesting is happening on the sets of Tamil hero Ajith's upcoming film. Currently Nayantara is paired opposite him in this film that is getting shaped up under the direction of Vishnuvardhan (Panjaa fame). It is heard that during the break times, Nayan is said to be working as an assistant director. She is holding clapboards and writing edit-notes like a regular AD, says a source. However, if Nayan is doing all this for fun or if she really wants to learn the tricks of the trade is not known.They say that Nayan is trying to break the boredom by beating her leisure time with all these activities. Who knows, she might become director too one day!Source: http://www.gulte.com/index.php", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14916800", "title": "Art done by heart", "text": "The Shashtham series, which was a part of the Monsoon Bonanza organized by CISFA at its Choti gallery, concluded on Saturday with a sculpture exhibition of works done by Amit Panchal. With a Master's degree in fine arts under his belt, Panchal has been exhibiting his works in the city and outside too.His works, mostly done in fibre, metal and stone are an expression of his innermost thoughts. The concepts are relevant to contemporary concerns. His ten part series titled Dhwani deals with noise pollution. \"In our field there are no trends to follow. We depict those thoughts and issues which affect us the most,\" says 26-year-old Amit. So, tall buildings with symbols of sound and a collection of ears lying at the bottom done in fibre, address the issue of noise which residents of high rise buildings suffer. \"Music playing in a flat, people fighting and children crying are sounds over which we have no control and have to suffer,\" he says explaining the concept.Moving towards a more peaceful environment his work showing a sermon being delivered and hundreds of ears following it speaks of the quest for peace. \"There are some sounds which are pleasant too, like the sounds of a waterfall,\" he says explaining the sculpture based on this thought.The idea behind his second series 'Slow victory' is explained through tortoises in all shapes and sizes. \"The thought here is that we should not be a part of the rat race but reach our destination at our own pace.\"Selling his art is not much of a problem for Panchal. \"Doing sculptures is commercially very lucrative and buyers are easy to find,\" he says adding that the cost of raw material used is high but the prices have never been an issue.Happy with the response that the event received, the dean of CISFA, Chandrakant Channe said, \"The footfalls have been rising and interest in art has been created through these events. After this we begin with our Shravan Sari in which 12 artists from all over the state will pay a tribute to the late poet Grace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14942999", "title": "Don't think there's anything like 'teesra': Ashwin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tweakers world over are experimenting with what they claim to be new variations but Indian off-spinner R Ashwin can't understand the hype around the 'teesras' and insists that there are just two basic deliveries to work with for an off-spinner.For someone who has been a very successful exponent of carrom ball, Ashwin has a very simple take on the number of variations that any off-break bowler can possess.\"I don't think there's anything like 'teesra', 'chautha' or 'paanchwa' that exists! There are two basic deliveries --- one that comes into the batsman and the one that goes away,\" the 25-year-old said nonchalantly, when asked whether he believes that something like 'teesra' exists as claimed by Pakistan's Saeed Ajmal .Ashwin was also dismissive about comparison with Harbhajan Singh .\"I have never been bothered one bit about comparisons with Harbhajan Singh. I am completely focussed on my job, once I enter the playing arena. Nothing else bothers me. I believe that I do my job just like you journalists do your job,\" said the talented Tamil Nadu off-spinner.Ashwin would say he has enjoyed being the leader of Indian spin attack.\"Leading an attack for your country means a lot of responsibility. You have to perform consistently and keep the flag flying high. It's a challenge that I have always relished. I am looking forward to new season.\"The tweaker, who recently enjoyed a well-deserved break, said it has helped him rejuvenate and his primary aim will be to last the full season.\"I don't want to think too far ahead about what I intend to achieve mentally. But it has been a good break and it has helped me to get fresh before the new season starts. I haven't worked on any specific technicalities.\"\"It will really be a long season and my aim would be to remain fit and last the whole season,\" said Ashwin, who has already played six Tests, 35 ODIs and nine Twenty20 Internationals for India.For someone who already has a Test century and a half century to his credit, Ashwin is determined to better his performances with the willow.\"Along with my bowling which I always work upon to improve, I am putting in a lot of effort in my batting. I am trying to put all the effort to extend my capacity which will help me contribute in a bigger way for the team's cause.\"So, is he ready to fit in as an all-rounder which might give skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni an option to try out five bowlers in Test matches, Ashwin replied, \"That will certainly be the team management's call. But as far as I am concerned, I am ready to contribute, in whatever manner the team wants me to.\"The Chennai Super Kings star also feels that it will be good homework for the Indian team during this upcoming limited overs series in Sri Lanka ahead of the World Twenty20 Championships in the island nation.\"Obviously, when World T20 starts, we will be one up over our other opponents having got a chance to assess the conditions.\"He forged a successful partnership with Pragyan Ojha during the Test matches against West Indies and now they both might operate in ODIs as well. Ashwin feels that there won't be much change in roles from the longer format.\"When two quality bowlers operate from both ends, it only increases pressure on opposition batsman. The fact that myself and Ojha have played together for a long time since our junior days also helped in understanding each other's bowling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14920025", "title": "Sulking NCP skips UPA meeting on vice-presidential candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Peeved over Sharad Pawar being passed over for the No. 2 slot in the pecking order in the government, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Saturday stayed away from the UPA meeting that announced its support for Hamid Ansari for a second term as Vice President.After having led the show of solidarity in UPA for Pranab Mukherjee as President, NCP was conspicuous by its absence at the ruling coalition's meeting held at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's residence to endorse Ansari's seemingly invincible candidature for the post of Vice President. Heavy industries minister Praful Patel , who was supposed to represent the party in the meeting, chose to stay put in Mumbai, as a mark of the party's resentment over rearrangement of ministerial seniority in the wake of Mukherjee's exit.Ansari appears to be shoo-in, considering both the advantage he holds in the electoral college comprising all the elected members of Parliament, and also the fact that Opposition NDA is struggling to find a nominee to contest against him. Although the BJP-led combine on Saturday decided to enter the fray, there was no clarity on who it would field to take on Ansari. Congress managers are hopeful of arranging support for him from BSP, SP and Left, while JD(U) may be reluctant to oppose him.More importantly, Congress is hopeful of getting even Trinamool Congress to back the incumbent for his second shot at the post.NCP's sulks are unlikely to escalate into a crisis, with Congress sources expressing the confidence that they would be able to assuage the coalition partner's hurt ego. On Thursday, however, they took away somewhat from Congress's successful show for Vice Presidential candidature.NCP chose to make light of its absence. According to an agency report from Mumbai, Pawar welcomed Ansari's re-nomination, emphasizing that he was party to the choice. \"Even though I was not present for the meeting in Delhi, there was a consultation process with other constituent partners, including the NCP ... I appeal to all MPs to support Ansari's candidature, his capability has been established beyond doubt in his first tenure as Vice President and Chairperson of Rajya Sabha\".Privately, however, NCP sources made no bones of party's displeasure of what they called a slight to Pawar. In the first meeting of the Union Cabinet, Pawar was given the seat, the one next to the Prime Minister, which Mukherjee used to occupy while in government. But in the next meeting, on Thursday, the arrangement was changed with Mukherjee's seat being assigned to defence minister A K Antony.The seating arrangement does not signify much since, contrary to popular perception, there is no designated number 2 in the government. For all the troubleshooting that he did, Mukherjee never got the official tag of being next to PM in hierarchy. Indeed, by getting defence minister Antony to offer tribute at Amar Jawan Jyoti on January 26, 2009, when PM Singh was recovering from a heart surgery, the government managers ensured that Mukherjee did not appear to be the No. 2 even in public.But that precisely seems to be reason for NCP's peeve. \"Pawar is not hankering after ranking. Not at all. But it becomes an affront if an attempt is made to discourage even the impression of his being important\", said a miffed colleague of the Union agriculture minister.He added: \"He deserves better because NCP has been the most stable of UPA partners. He has supported PM on reforms measures which are opposed by his own Congress colleagues\".The protest came on a day when Trinamool Congress boss Mamata Banerjee , after a conversation with the PM, raised hopes in Congress by refraining from rejecting outright Ansari's candidature. Her nominee at the meeting, railway minister Mukul Roy, did propose Gopal Krishna Gandhi and Krishna Bose as Trinamool's choices. But he did not raise the red flag on Ansari, whom Banerjee had turned down for president. Roy, who briefed Banerjee of deliberations, said that he would get back in the next couple of days after consulting his leader. Home minister P Chidambaram said that Roy had joined others in applauding the announcement.Congress's hopes were encouraged when Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien tweeted to indicate that Banerjee could revisit the issue. \"There is total clarity of purpose on Trinamool's views on President and Vice President. Party has authorized its chairperson to take the final stand. That is that,\" O'Brien tweeted.The PM also spoke with CPM general secretary Prakash Karat . Congress is confident of support from the Left who were the first to endorse Ansari five years ago.Congress unfazed by no-showCongress seems unfazed by NCP's no-show. Its leaders, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid provoking the UPA partner further, asserted that being the single largest party, they deserved certain privileges.What seems to rankle NCP is that Pawar, who left Congress on ground of Sonia Gandhi's foreign origin, is no junior to Antony in politics. Party sources said that while Antony may have become a CM a year ahead of Pawar, in 1978, he happened to be the chief of the Kerala unit of Congress-S that was headed by the Union agriculture minister. They also emphasized that Pawar functioned as the Leader of Congress in Parliament.The ire over seating arrangement appears to have added to the resentment simmering in NCP over being taken for granted, with party sources saying that from now on they would like to be consulted, rather than merely informed of decisions, on issues like who gets to be the deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924925", "title": "Viral activity, gastro on upswing", "text": "MUMBAI: Siya Desai (9) complained of body ache one morning earlier this week. Initially, her mother thought she was trying to avoid school, but soon the Borivli resident got very high fever. Since there was no sign of cough and cold, her mother suspected malaria.\"But before I could take Siya to our doctor, she had an upset stomach as well. On examining her, the doctor said that it was a viral infection,\" said Karishma, Siya's mother.Doctors across the city are seeing a rise in the number of gastroenteritis cases, which, they said, is not only because of contaminated water, but also viruses in the air. Not to forget, upper respiratory problems that viral infections are causing among Mumbaikars.Dr Sunil Dalvi, specialist in internal medicine at Lilavati Hospital, said there is an almost 10% rise in the number of gastroenteritis patients. \"Most of these are caused by contaminated water,\" he said and added that apart from outside food, even home water may cause trouble. \"Water purifiers may not purify water completely. It is thus important to boil water before consumption.\"He said that more than bacteria, parasites present in water-especially in public water taps-are the ones that cause stomach infections such as diarrhoea. \"People only purify the water they drink. But they forget that water taps in offices may also infect one's hands, just by touching,\" said Dr Dalvi.However, Dr Shahid Barmare, consultant physician at Kohinoor Hospital in Kurla, said eating outside food is a secondary cause of gastroenteritis cases these days. \"Ninety per cent of diarrhoea cases we are getting are viral. About 30% of these are gastroenteritis cases,\" he said and added that merely breathing the air is enough to get infected. \"The current weather conditions of intermittent rains are favourable for the viruses to grow. \"We are getting patients with very high fever and body ache accompanied with loose motions. Though there is no sign of cough and cold, the problem ultimately turns out to be viral,\" he said.Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults with Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals said cases of upper respiratory infections are extremely high. \"Since last week, there is a surge in the number of upper respiratory viral infections. We have been getting patients with cough and cold that makes it difficult to breathe and stays on for about 10 days.\"Although there is little one can do to avoid a viral infection, doctors advised paying attention to one's food and water. Apart from drinking boiled water, city doctors say maintaining hygiene is very important. \"Avoid eating roadside food, uncooked vegetables and sea food which is not properly cleaned,\" said Dr Dalvi. \"Frequent washing of hands will also help,\" said Dr Barmare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923494", "title": "1st offline admission merit list on July 16", "text": "MUMBAI: Even though close to one lakh junior college aspirants were allotted a seat in the online round, the rush to bag a seat during the offline process continues. The admission process went offline on July 13 when colleges were asked to announce their list of vacant seats and accept forms from students who couldn't get a seat in the online admission process.\"The fact that the education department has asked us to accept forms from students who can produce original copies of their marksheets and school leaving certificates has made our jobs easier. Otherwise, students keep changing colleges and the admission process never ends,\" said the principal of a suburban college. Close to 1,000 students were left without a seat in the online admissions.\"Colleges should announce their first merit list on July 16 and accept fees from students on July 16 and 17. They can commence regular lectures in the same week,\" stated a circular sent to colleges after the admission process went offline. Students can check the first offline merit list on July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923649", "title": "2 held for acid attack on real estate agent", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men were arrested by the Vanrai police on Friday night in connection with the acid attack and abduction case of Goregaon estate agent Doodhnath Verma (50).On June 18, the victim was abducted, beaten up, had acid poured into his eyes. Later, Verma was robbed and then dumped in a Mira Road forest by unidentified men over a property row.\"We have arrested Manohar Patel and Mukesh Rikame, both 30, in the case. They were produced before a metropolitan court on Saturday,\" said senior inspector Suresh Shinde. \"The two were actually involved in Verma's abduction in a car. At least four more persons, including a developer, are wanted in the case,\" he added.According to the police, Patel is employed with a computer firm and does not have a past crime record. Both are residents of Dindoshi and have admitted to their crime, cops added. \"The two were offered money for the job. We are questioning them about the whereabouts of their associates,\" said a senior police officer. Verma had been fighting a case in the Bombay high court on behalf of his sister-in-law, Basmati Devi, against a developer. The developer was allegedly threatening residents of a transit camp in Kanyapada, Goregaon (E), where Basmati Devi and Verma lived.Basmati Devi was earlier promised a flat after redevelopment, while she is yet to receive the flat, the developer has been trying to evict her from the transit camp.\"The accused's motive was to torture Verma and teach him a lesson for initiating a legal battle,\" inspector D Nalawade said.The victim claims that the accused stole his jewellery, cash and damaged his cellphone. We have slapped charges of robbery in addition to abduction and attempt to commit murder against the accused,\" he added.On June 18, Verma received a call from an unknown person who wanted to get a land deal brokered. The victim agreed to meet the caller near Goregaon station. As soon as Verma reached the spot, he was bundled into a car by four men and threatened with a gun. He was taken to Mira Road and confined to a flat.In the presence of the flat owner, he was blindfolded, gagged and thrashed with iron rods. Acid was poured into his eyes every hour ignoring his screams for help. When he fell unconscious, Verma was robbed and dumped into the forest where a dairy farmer found him and informed the Kashimira police.\"We will try to ascertain the location and ownership of the Mira Road flat where Verma was held in captivity,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14917402", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan in Sawai Madhopur for Big Cat project", "text": "JAIPUR: Actor Amitabh Bachchan arrived here on Saturday to attend a tiger conservation programme launched by a private channel at Sawai Madhopur. After landing at Jaipur airport at 7.30 am, the actor soon left for Sawai Madhopur.He interacted with the local villagers and the officials of Ranthambore National Park to know more about tiger conservation. One hour after reaching Sawai Madhopur, the actor was awestruck and he tweeted, \"A veranda, thatched roof, an aangan, a charpoy, rocking chair, the forest before and stillness beyond stillness ... Ahhh ! Peace!!.\"Later, addressing a press conference, Bachchan, who last visited Ranthambore in 1985, assured that he would keep visiting the national parks in the country for tiger conservation.\"Making a commercial film on tigers is the job of producers and directors. If that kind of film is made and I am approached, I will certainly do it. At the same time I am open to working in a documentary or any other medium if government asks me to do so,\" Bachchan said.\"Jawani main ladayi ki thi ab bachaney ka kam kar raha hun (In younger days, I had fought with tigers now working to save them),\" he summed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917900", "title": "Wait over, CPM readies for battle", "text": "KOLKATA: The CPM's allowance of breathing time for the new government is over.Just days after former chief minister and politburo member Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee urged party activists to hit the streets against the \"anti-people policies\" of the Mamata Banerjee administration and the UPA government, the CPM state committee in its two-day meeting beginning on Saturday planned to go on the warpath culminating in law violation in the districts on July 16, and finally at Kolkata and Siliguri on July 17.The issues and the timing are significant. They include soaring prices of essential commodities, food security (when UPA plans to table the Food Security Bill in Parliament) and the \"onslaught on democracy\". Even as CPM leaders point out that the party had planned it earlier, the date and the time of the agitation have been chosen when Trinamool Congress will be busy fine-tuning its strategy on the president and vice-president polls slated on July 19 and August 7.Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee made it clear in the party meeting that CPM will try to exploit the cracks within the Congress-Trinamool alliance to its advantage.The CPM's agitation will also put to the test Bhattacharjee's professed tactic of taking on the \"neo-liberal policies\" of the UPA government of which Mamata is a part while extending support to the UPA candidates for the president and vice-president polls.The tactic has not been smooth for the CPM as is evident from the dissent in SFI's JNU unit and the resignation of CPM's central research cell convener Prasenjit Bose. CPM expelled Prasenjit and his loyalists in the party's Delhi state committee and SFI had to disband its JNU unit for defying the party line.The defiance has spread though in a limited form in party ranks in Bengal as well. Former land reforms minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah, who was present at Saturday's meeting, gave a piece of his mind during an interview with a news channel the other day.When asked whether he would vote for Pranab, the rebel CPM leader said: \"I will go by the party decision and vote for Pranab Mukherjee . However, the poor in our state won't like our party getting closer to the Congress because we fought the Congress all along to get where we are now.\" The CPM state committee plans a massive mobilization from July 16 along with other Left Front partners to repair the chinks in the Left Front unity over the presidential polls in which CPI and RSP chose to part ways with CPM and Forward Bloc over giving support to UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14919368", "title": "Work stress has made Delhi cops a sickly lot", "text": "NEW DELHI: What one always suspected about Delhi's potbellied policemen has now been confirmed by medical experts - a bulk of them are physically unfit or suffer from serious health issues, ranging from cardiac problems to alcoholism .The customary policeman's paunch seems to be only the tip of the iceberg. Beyond what a fat tummy might suggest, Delhi Police personnel face serious cardiac risk, suffer from insomnia and depression , and, a worrying percentage are alcoholics to boot.A free health checkup camp conducted last week at the Rajinder Nagar police station has left the Delhi Police brass red-faced, and perhaps worried, as to the fitness of the force. The medical report, accessed by TOI from Kalra Hospital, which that conducted the camp, shows that 40% of the 258 personnel examined have heart-related problems.The tests also found that 20% of the policemen suffer from alcohol abuse, those in the 51-59 age group being the worst-hit (35%). on this count; The saving grace was that only 5% of young officers (aged 21-30) have taken to the bottle.Other health problems, found among all age groups, included insomnia, depression, giddiness, hypertension and diabetes. Those above 50 years were most hit by gastritis, constipation and hypertension. In addition to drinking, doctors pointed out smoking as a major problem in this age group, already lugging a fair number of alcoholics.\"It's indeed a matter of concern how diseases associated with irregular working hours and tension have affected our police personnel,\" said a doctor who was part of the camp, that included cardiologists as well. \"We have asked around 35 personnel who visited us to go for further cardiac tests.\" examination. We have also recommended a series of steps that can help these men keep a check on their health.\"The doctor's prescription for these cops: is textbook for the lifestyle-afflicted: Regular health checkup, regular exercise, including a 15-minute post-dinner walk, relaxation, technique, psychotherapy and counselling, sleep and good hygiene. Also on the menu is a high-fibre, low-salt diet. The donts include coffee, tea, before sleep, no TV or reading before sleep. walking for 15 minutes after dinner...\"Besides health screening, the policemen were counselled on de-stressing, given their working conditions and untimely working hours, with special focus on healthy eating habits and a balanced diet. Worried by the results, The writing is clear. \"The department is planning more specialized free health check-up camps are being planned in the near future to cover the remaining police personnel, also,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14937172", "title": "Guru Nanak Dev University vice chancellor stresses on beginning vocational courses", "text": "AMRITSAR: Necessitating on the need of coordination between education and industry requirements so as to generate employment , the vice chancellor of Guru Nanak Dev University AS Brar stressed on beginning of need based vocational courses.Brar held a meeting with principals of various affiliated colleges of GNDU. Among others who were present in the meeting included Dr. Rajinder Kaur Pawar, Dean, Academic Affairs, Dr. Inderjit Singh, Registrar, Dr. M.S. Hundal, Dean, College Development Council and Principals of various affiliated Colleges.Brar who recently got extension for three years as vice chancellor said that during next three years his earnest efforts would be to provide vocational quality education to the students, so that job avenues could be created. He also expressed his happiness over the increase in number of admissions in the various Colleges.Vice Chancellor of GNDU appealed to the principals to look into the problems of the students and try to solve them at priority basis. He said that education imparted to the students should be inculcated with moral and ethical values so that good citizens could be made. He also assured the Principals that during next three years the whole university and colleges administration system would be computerized and digitized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14940442", "title": "Cuttack plans cadaveric kidney transplants", "text": "CUTTACK: After scripting a success story with live donor kidney transplants, SCB Medical College and Hospital authorities now aim to introduce cadaveric (deceased) donor transplant facility at the hospital for the benefit of patients.Some 11 transplants have been performed successfully since the kidney transplant facility was introduced at the hospital in March. Of these, eight transplants were conducted under the supervision of renowned renal transplant surgeon Dr Mukut Minz, while the remaining three were conducted by the team of hospital doctors.\"Dr Minz assisted us in the first eight kidney transplant surgeries but now we are in a position to handle the transplants independently. A team of 14 doctors comprising urologists, nephrologists and anesthesiologists have recently conducted three renal transplants successfully,\" said Dr Duteswar Hota, head of urology department of SCB.\"Our next aim is to introduce cadaveric renal transplant surgery at the hospital. In this process, the kidney is taken from a deceased person's body, especially accident victims or brain dead patients. The facility will come as a boon for chronic patients who cannot find a matching kidney donor within their family. We have plans to start the facility in the next two years,\" said Dr Chittaranjan Kar, nephrologist at SCB.At present, kidney transplants are conducted at SCB only on patients who have a donor (first degree relationship). The renal transplant facility has been receiving an overwhelming response from patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14917305", "title": "Government to collect data on 25% seats given to poor kids under RTE", "text": "AJMER: Information under Right To Education Act from each school will now reveal which caste and religion are deprived of qualitative education in the state. The government has asked every block to send information on 25% free admissions in private schools stating caste and religion of the child.The elementary education department is now collecting information from every private school for implementing 25% seats to students of deprived and poor families in their locality. Under RTE, it became mandatory for every private school to allocate 25% seats to deprived students. The school will give free education to these students.\"This is first time we are seeking such information. We have instructed block education officers to send information,\" said Rajesh Tiwari, RTE cell head.The data sent from every district will collated at state level and then subsidy will be granted to those schools implementing the RTE. \"Last year, when the data was sent to headquarters, a verification was done. It was found that most of them had given wrong information,\" said an official.The department is making RTE provisions very strict. \"Minority and residential schools are exempted from 25% free admission but we are tightening noose on other private and public schools,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14920778", "title": "GMC suspends anti-encroachment drive", "text": "GAYA: Virtually succumbing to the pressure mounted by shopkeepers and vendors, the Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) on Saturday suspended the anti-encroachment drive in the wake of violence and arson on Friday afternoon.Emboldened by the apparently meek response of the GMC to the resistance offered by the encroachers, shopkeepers and vendors went on the offensive on Saturday, forcing the closure of shops and assaulted mediapersons capturing the GB Road vandalism. The vandals targetted a local news channel journalist and the cameraperson of a 24x7 regional news channel. The camera was smashed by the bandh supporters and encroachers.Conceding that the anti-encroachment drive was suspended on Saturday in the wake of Friday afternoon's incident, GMC commissioner Dhaneshwar Chaudhary said the encroachment drive will be resumed on Monday. The commissioner alleged that the police officials were exerting pressure to name the trouble makers while the GMC officials did not recognize them (trouble makers) by name. The GMC will make the complaint on the basis of facts and not present a doctored version of the incident as desired by the police, said Chaudhary.When asked about the GMC commissioner's version, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar said that the verbal statement made by the GMC officials on Friday night was at variance with the written version submitted on Saturday morning. Videorecording of the statement made by the GMC officials was available with the police, claimed the SSP.According to the SSP, six persons have been arrested and forwarded to judicial custody on the charge of violence and arson as well as instigating the mob to indulge in unlawful activities. More than a dozen persons have been identified in the video footage available with the police and attempts were being made to arrest the remaining offenders, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14925591", "title": "Sarabjit makes his innocence his weapon for seeking presidential pardon", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sarabjit Singh has made faith of his fellow countrymen in his innocence , absence of his name in FIR and his misquoted statement given before special judge as shields in his appeal made to Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari while seeking his pardon on Pakistan's Independence Day on August 14.In a one page handwritten letter sent to president Zardari in Urdu and signed by Sarabjit Singh in Punjabi, a copy of which is with TOI, Sarabjit Singh pleaded that people of India believed that he was innocent and he was mistakenly involved in the bomb blast case, in which he had no role to play and was yet tried in court of law and sentenced to death. He has also mentioned about the movement generated in his support in India and abroad.He has informed the president that his statement given before special judge was misquoted and misrepresented and clarified that he had never made any confessional statement of being a spy. \" I am neither agent of Research and Analysis Wing nor I carried out bomb blasts, \" he said in his appeal. Sarabjit has also stated that even his name was not included in the FIR .\"The culprit nominated in the FIR is Manjeet Singh about whom my lawyer had produced relevant record of his frequent visits to Pakistan, his involvement in legal and unlawful activites,\" he wrote. Without naming , Sarabjit Singh has also blamed on his former counsel for having failed to appeal in court in compliance to the notices.\"On the default of only two notices, the case was decided ex-parte and the death sentence was confirmed\". He has also questioned Zardari whether being an Indian prisoner his life was lesser important . He also mentioned about his pain and anguish to him on the flip flop of his government, when Surjit Singh was released after making formal announcement from jail.Sarabjit's counsel Awais Sheikh told TOI that he was hopeful that the Pakistan president would consider Sarabjit's pleas and would give him a fresh lease of life, so he could spend rest of his life with his family in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915036", "title": "Kerala Ayurveda's US mission", "text": "KOCHI: Aluva-based Kerala Ayurveda Ltd (KAL) is on a mission in the US. Through its Kerala Ayurveda Academy, a training centre in the Seattle, KAL has trained 600 ayurveda practitioners in the country.\"Our target is to train 2,000 ayurveda practitioners in the US by the end of fiscal year 2014,\" says Dr K Anilkumar, executive director, KAL. When the course first started in 2010, there were 100 students and Anilkumar says that the academy has doubled its intake the next year. \"There is 100% growth in this area and we will train 300 students in FY 13,\" he says.Kerala Ayurveda Academy, the clinic-cum training centre in the US earned Rs 3 crore as course fees and consultation fees in the last financial year. The academy offers Ayurvedic Wellness Counselor (AWC), Ayurvedic Wellness Practitioner (AWP) - two certification programmes. \"These are short courses conducted with online as well as classroom modules,\" he says. The courses are of varied durations, the shortest being 500 hours and the longest being 2,000 hours.The graduates of these courses later work as alternative medicine practitioners or continue their masters studies in ayurveda with Hindu University of America. KAL is a major manufacturer of proprietary ayurvedic medicines and runs 18 treatment centres in Kerala. \"We have 50 proprietary medicines and we are the largest producer of proprietary medicines in Kerala,\" says Anilkumar. The company had recently formed a joint venture with the Tata Global Beverages Ltd for developing beverages and food products based on ayurvedic prescriptions. It had also signed an MoU with Banaras Hindu University to validate its products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919371", "title": "Dentist who forced wife to drink his urine held", "text": "BANGALORE: A woman has accused her dentist husband of forcing her to drink his urine after having sex when she was menstruating. This was just one of the many ways he would torture her, Priya has said in a police complaint. Her husband, Akash Raj, was arrested in Puttur and brought to Bangalore.Priya (name changed to protect her identity) said she was subjected to cruelty after she refused to meet his demands for dowry, though her family had given 1 kg of gold and 5 kg of silver during their year-long marriage.Priya told STOI every moment of her married life was painful. \"I was living in hell on earth. I was confined to the house. If I spoke to any outsider, particularly a man, Akash would suspect my fidelity. He would ask who I had slept with. It was disgusting.\"Priya, who is firm that she will not withdraw any of the allegations, recalled the details: \"He forced me to have sex when I was menstruating. Then he threatened and forced me to drink his urine. He would demand Rs 25 lakh from my family,\" she told STOI.Asked why she chose to remain quiet for a year, she said: \"I was provoked to approach police when there was talk of him marrying a girl from Karkala.\"The torture happened at their residence in Puttur in Dakshina Kannada district.A special team of Jnanabharathi police left for Puttur and arrested Akash. They brought him to Bangalore on Saturday. DCP (West) SN Siddaramappa confirmed Akash had been arrested on charge of harassment for dowry.A senior police officer said it is a tough case to investigate. \"The alleged incident happened a year ago. We will question him.\"Expressing shock over the way his sister had been treated, her brother Sachin K, who lives in Bangalore, said: \"Small misunderstandings are common in any marriage. We are shocked at the way Akash conducted himself. No sane person would do this.\"Sachin said his parents are depressed; they are living at an undisclosed place. \"I have strictly told them not to read newspapers or watch TV. Controlling my mother is next to impossible.\"Priya, a native of Davanagere, married Akash on June 6, 2011. Strangely, one month before her marriage, Akash's elder brother Anil Raj divorced his wife, who had also accused him of harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916414", "title": "Ravindra Devangan's accomplice Sunil Yadav gets cop custody till Tuesday", "text": "NAGPUR: A holiday court on Saturday granted police custody to Sunil Yadav, accomplice of extortion case accused Ravindra Devangan, till Tuesday. Yadav was arrested on Friday following Devangan's interrogation. The duo have reportedly confessed to committing several armed robberies in the city.Senior police officials claimed that the recoveries made as evidence in the case had been done with utmost care. TOI raised questions on the recoveries done by the Ganeshpeth police and crime branch.After it was reliably learnt that police had made the recoveries of the arms and ammunitions, used by Devangan and Yadav, from the dickey of the scooty, TOI had reported that a similar two-wheeler was also parked in front of Devangan's residence at Shriram wadi and another inside. TOI was told that by a family member that the both the two-wheelers were taken away by police on Thursday.Additional commissioner of police (Crime) Ravindra Kadam claimed that the Scooty parked outside Devangan's house belonged to his sister. \"We have even recovered the parking coupon of the Scooty from Devangan which was sufficient to prove that it was kept near Ganeshpeth bus stop,\" he said.Devangan has two sisters. While the elder is married, the younger was at home when this correspondent visited Devangan residence on Friday. It was not clear how the Scooty owned by Devangan's sister reached Ganeshpeth bus stop when she was at home.Questions are being raised over how could the firearms and ammunitions, found in Devangan's Scooty, appear brand new when shown to the media.The question also remains how the firearms and ammunitions looked so brand new with its shine still present when shown to the media. It was also not clear how the paper cuttings of advertisements and other documents remained so intact when they were left in the dickey for so long with the two-wheeler in the open.Defence counsel Mangesh Moon representing Yadav, who is employed with a biscuit company, questioned the need for prolonged police custody when most of the evidence had been already seized by the cops. Senior PI Dilip Jagdale, attached to Ganeshpeth police station, argued that they required time to establish Yadav's link with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920431", "title": "Implementation of Laadli scheme comes under flak", "text": "PANAJI: While the government came under criticism in the Goa legislative assembly from the opposition for its much-publicized Laadli Laxmi scheme, some civil society groups are also critical of the manner in which it is being implemented, which is through MLAs at the moment.\"The chief minister should not make the eligible girl child for the 'Laadli Laxmi Scheme' run after MLAs/political leaders to get the benefit of these schemes,\" demanded president of Lokhancho Adhar Trajano D'Mello.At a press briefing in the city, he said it would be a great shame as many of the girls belonging to the needy segment of the society could also be put in a vulnerable position. He appealed to the lone woman BJP legislator and cabinet minister Alina Saldanha to take up the matter with the chief minister.Bailancho Saad convenor Sabina Martins also said that the women's organization is opposed to putting what is legitimate to the eligible girl, in the hands of the MLAs. \"The job of the MLA is to make laws and policies,\" she said, pointing out that when there is a system in place for the implementation of government schemes, it should not be routed through an MLA.The organization's members also said that the scheme fails at the implementation level as the realities of the poor in accessing schemes are not taken into account.D'Mello said that the hue and cry that only some MLAs (ruling) are distributing forms is a clear indication that the women &amp; child development minister Dilip Parulekar has thrown the directions of the chief minister at the inaugural function to the winds.The chief minister had made a clear averment that the scheme would be implemented in the most transparent manner and that two-three banks would be involved in disbursing these amounts and the forms would be made available at the bank counters as demanded by him, D'Mello stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921115", "title": "Pressure on Singareni Collieries to start medical college", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Centre-state owned Singareni Collieries Company Limited (SCCL) may find itself at the centre of a regional controversy. Crying foul over the Telangana region getting a 'raw deal' in the number of government medical colleges compared to the other two regions, the TRS has zeroed in on Singareni Collieries as the 'ideal outfit' to host a new medical college for the Telangana region. And being at the receiving end, the state government too is said to be not averse to such an idea.Although a coal company, SCCL, with a strength of nearly 30,000 employees, is running a well equipped 300-bed hospital in Kothagudem in Khammam district. Under pressure from the TRS, whose former MP B Vinod Kumar has already written to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy seeking to consider Singareni as the location of the new medical college, the state is said to be seriously considering the option.What is building the case in favour of Singareni is of the 60 applications of expression of intent that the state directorate of medical education (DME) has received so far for starting a new medical college, not one of them is said to possess the eligibility criteria. September 30 is the last date for filing applications (expression of intent) and the authorities want SCCL to come forward as it 'fits the bill'.As per the rules laid down by the high-powered committee headed by Justice I Panduranga Rao, an institute intending to start a medical college must have a hospital with not less than 300 beds and should be in service at least for five years. While a healthy financial status is expected, the institute must have at least 5 acres of land in its possession. \"SCCL fits the bill as it fulfills all the criteria and is also sitting on a cash reserve of Rs 2,000 crore. Therefore, a company like Singareni Collieries should come forward,\" Dr Vasanth Prasad, director of medical education, told STOI.However, the authorities of SCCL say that it is a coal company and that the hospital exists to cater to the large number of employees. \"The SCCL management will first have to agree to take forward the proposal. It can hardly take a positive view,\" sources said. Sutirtha Bhattacharya, chairman and managing director of SCCL, who was away in Delhi, told STOI that running a medical college was a distraction from the core business of coal mining. \"We have a good hospital and we are looking at various aspects when it comes to development. For instance, we have already started the process of upgrading it to super specialty level and super specialists are being invited,\" said Bhattacharya.Singareni authorities may not be upbeat about the proposal, but apart from the TRS, even the Medical Council of India ( MCI ) seems to want the coal company to step in. \"MCI is particular on the eligibility criteria. We will be happy if someone really capable of running a medical college comes forward,\" Mantha Srinivas, in-charge of MCI's assessment cell, said.Meanwhile, the TRS is planning to turn the demand for a medical college in Singareni into another aspect of its Telangana struggle. \"As a matter of fact, Telangana must have at least six medical colleges as we are entitled for 40% share. The state government must consider Singareni Collieries for opening a new medical college apart from starting one on its own in the region,\" said TRS former MP and politburo member Vinod Kumar. Out of the 14 government medical colleges in the state, 10 are in Seemandhra and the remaining four in Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14940004", "title": "Diabetes patients now have a reason to cheer", "text": "Diabetes patients now have a reason to cheer. A special initiative was launched earlier this week with a view to provide a better blood sugar management system for diabetes.With chronic and lifestyle disease diabetes making an inroad into the society, managing it is itself a challenge for many who suffer from diabetes. Management of diabetes is like a daily combat with that little extra sugar resulting into unnecessary complications affecting the daily routine. With the new initiative, 'Swastham', it will now be possible to manage the disease easily with a daily management of sugar by experts who will be available 24/7.\"Swastham Diabetes Care on a mission against diabetes, is a joint effort between the patient and the doctor. It will ensure that we form a strong barrier against diabetes,\" said Pankaj Sindhu, CEO, Health Impetus adding Swastham focuses on controlling the uncontrolled diabetes. \"We will fight against Diabetes and ensure healthier lives.\"\"\"The team of dieticians, diabetes counselors and patient care executive ensure that every member adapts a better quality of living free of stress and unwanted daily pressure. Swastham gives you the best diabetes management program with specialist doctor's care. Also Swastham team will ensure that your sugar levels are kept under control. We will not only partner to control sugar levels but would also incentivize for keeping the sugar under control a unique combination of healthy lifestyle packed with surprises,\" said Dr Somesh Vedi, senior diabetologist.Patients will get more than 4,300 special diet plans especially designed by dieticians to manage diabetes. Almost, 234 scientific interventions and services planned in collaboration with diabetes specialists which will be executed in the journey undertaken by the programme to manage the disease. Partnering with the initiative would also share almost 107 patients in depth study about the behavior of diabetic patient being counseled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14925187", "title": "How diseases became fashionable", "text": "It may be of little consolation to anyone suffering from them but diseases can be fashionable too.A new research project aims to look at why some medical conditions seem to epitomise the zeitgeist, catch the media's attention or are even seen as perversely attractive.Dr Clark Lawlor, a reader in English literature at Northumbria University, will oversee the three-year project, funded by a \u00a3250,000 grant from the Leverhulme Trust.\"From consumption and gout in the 18th century to 'thinspiration' websites praising anorexia, and Sars or Swine Flu more recently, diseases come and go \u2014 sometimes with alarming rapidity,\" said Dr Lawlor.Consumption \u2014 a condition we now know as pulmonary tuberculosis \u2014 has become inextricably linked to the high poetic aesthetic of the Georgian age. John Keats contracted tuberculosis around 1820, eventually dying in Rome the following year. His decline was chronicled by his companion Joseph Severn who accompanied him to Italy, and the pathos of his premature demise has added to the myth surrounding his life and work.Dr Lawlor said: \"Consumption, for example, was known as a 'poetic' or 'beautiful disease' , and those who suffered from it had symptoms thought to be beneficial: men and women became thin with alternately red and pale cheeks and allegedly had a greater degree of sensibility and intelligence than others.\"Other conditions such as gout were regarded as a sign of wealth, social success , even wit \u2014 even though they could be excruciatingly painful. Celebrity sufferers of the \"patrician malady\" included Edward Gibbon , Samuel Johnson and Robert Browning .The research team will look at the rise of diseases such as Aids and the effect this had on medical research and the allocation of resources. They will also look at conditions such as Gulf War Syndrome which commanded considerable media attention following the first conflict in Iraq in the 1990s.\"We will be looking at the paradox of people considering some diseases as fashionable. Gulf War Syndrome, for example , was constantly in the media for a short space of time but has now dropped off the radar.\"There's a certain amount of social trending with disease and this research will shed light on how different diseases are tackled by society,\" added Dr Lawlor, author of From Melancholia to Prozac: a History of Depression, which cites the explosion in the number of cases of depression coinciding with the marketing of Prozac.\u2014THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14947714", "title": "Software engineer reported missing from Bangalore park", "text": "BANGALORE:A software engineer working with an IT firm has been reported missing since Saturday evening from Bannarghatta National Park.Police said the man had been to the park with his two friends and added that a search was on with forest department officials to locate him.The park is surrounded by a biological reserve of the forest department.The reserve has an elephant corridor and is connected with B R Hills and Sathyamangalam forest areas extending all the way upto Waynad in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14921665", "title": "Khap-like justice: Lovebirds forced to wed, divorce", "text": "PURNIA: In what can best be described as Khap-like justice, two lovelorn youths were forced to tie the nuptial knot after they were caught in an objectionable position, and asked to separate within 12 hours, but not before they were tied to a rope, thrashed and branded with hot iron rods.The gory incident would have remained buried if the harried girl, 19-year-old Neha (name changed), had not lodged an FIR with Baisi police station in Purnia district on Thursday. This incident took place in Milliktola under Baisi police station on June 28.Neha and Mohammad Hasnoor, a resident of Bakhariya village under the same police station, were in love for the past few months. On June 28, the girl's widowed mother went to attend a social event to another village. However, before leaving, she asked a neighbourhood girl to give Zakerun company and sleep in their house that night. But, Neha turned the girl away on some flimsy ground, police sources said.Hasnoor was tipped about Neha's mother's absence over cellphone probably by Neha herself. Eagerly waiting for this godsend opportunity, Hasnoor, who lived at Bakhariya village a few km from Milliktola, came rushing to his beloved's house at Milliktola the same night. However, the villagers who had by now got wind of the development through the neighbourhood girl's whispers, caught the lovebirds.The love-stricken youth and girl were dragged out of the house, tied with rope, beaten black and blue, and even branded with hot iron rods, police said quoting the FIR. The villagers, at an instant gram 'panchayat', ordered the two to tie the nuptial knot around 1 am.Hasnoor was also asked to give a 'meher' of 29 gold coins, sources said. But Hasnoor's father, Mazharul Khan, took strong objection when he heard that his son was forced into a marriage without his permission.\"How can anybody marry my son to a girl without taking my consent,\" he said angrily. Faced with Khan's refusal to give permission, Milliktola villagers again sat in judgment and ordered their separation all within a space of 12 hours.Hasnoor shelled out 'meher' of Rs 75,000 to his now \"estranged\" wife, Neha, on the panchayat's diktat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14920486", "title": "Bonalu celebrations start today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The two-day Bonalu festival will kickstart with Mahabhishekam of the goddess at the Akkanna Madanna Mahankali temple in Shah Ali Banda in the early hours of Sunday.The temple management expects devotees to arrive from all parts of the city and surrounding districts and has made arrangement to facilitate darshan until late in the night.On Monday, the concluding day of the festival, the ghatam procession will be taken out from the temple at around 4 pm.This procession will be joined by processions from other temples and will pass through Shah Ali Banda, Charminar, Pathargatti, Madina and will reach the Mahankali temple on the banks of Moosi River near Nayapul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14923974", "title": "Death and despair in Meghalaya mines", "text": "The 15 people trapped in a coal mine in Meghalaya's South Garo Hills have been given up for dead and rescue operations called off on Friday. This is not the first time such a disaster has occurred there. A few dozen people, including minors, die every year in Meghalaya's coal mines and none of these is reported. That's because most of the miners are poor and illiterate migrants from Assam, Bihar and Jharkhand and a sizeable section are illegal settlers from Bangladesh. The deaths occur due to the very nature of mining that the government has made little attempt to regulate.Meghalaya has coal reserves estimated at 640 million tonnes, but all this is in privately and community owned land. An estimated one lakh MT of coal is extracted daily. Mining is highly unscientific and hazardous: a square or rectangular pit is dug till seams of coal, varying from 30 to 300 cm in thickness and embedded in sedimentary rocks, sandstone and shale, are found. Small holes are then dug into the seams for labourers to crawl in and extract the coal. The holes are so small that miners have to chip away at the coal while inching forward. That's why children, even as young as six years old, are employed to crawl into the pits, say human rights and environmental bodies. These amateurishly dug holes often collapse, trapping the miners inside. Most often, the mine owners don't even bother to extract the bodies and the deaths go unreported, allege state rights bodies.At times, such 'rat holes' as they're called, go vertically down along the seams of coal. It was in one such narrow pit about a 100 feet deep that 30 miners got trapped on July 6 when they accidentally hit the wall of an abandoned mine that was filled with toxic water. Despite the dangerous working conditions, thousands of migrants work in the mines as the wages here\u2014they earn on an average Rs 500 a day\u2014are much more than what they would have earned back home.All miners, say health authorities, suffer from a host of ailments, especially respiratory disorders and TB. Unscientific mining, says environmentalist Arwat Challam, has caused irreparable damage to environment in the Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills districts. Large amounts of shale are brought to the surface as the mine spoils while mining and iron pyrites in the shale decompose when exposed to air and water, producing sulphuric acid and ferrous hydroxide. These seep into water and thus polluting them.Studies carried out by the North Eastern Hill University's Centre for Environmental Studies found all rivers and streams in the mining belts had turned poisonous red and brown (from sulphur discharge) and are highly polluted. Challam says there are no 'living' rivers in the mining belts.The varsity experts observed that water from these contaminated rivers had turned vast stretches of fertile farmlands arid. Four years ago, the state drafted a mining policy, but the powerful mining lobby, which is said to control netas, rejected it. The mine owners were against the move to make them clean up the environment, implement safe mining practices and undertake welfare steps.Those provisions were watered down through amendments, but the policy is yet to be enacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914979", "title": "Muktangan to begin new science sub-centre", "text": "PUNE: The Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan's Muktangan Exploratory Science Centre will start another sub-centre in collaboration with Jnana Prabodhini Navnagar Vidyalaya at the latter's campus in Nigdi for school principals, teachers and students in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Ramesh Joshi, director of the Muktangan centre, said, \"There will be seven laboratories for physics, chemistry, biology, electronics, maths, science and computer. We will teach 1,200 students in a week in two batches from 3 pm to 5 pm and 5 pm to 7 pm on Monday to Saturday. The timing for Sunday is from 8 am to 12 noon while Thursday is a holiday. The students of Std V to IX can enroll their names for these batches. There is no entrance test to get admission.\"He said that the students will be able to get the basic concepts cleared and will perform experiments on their own and get an opportunity to handle equipment. Each group will have only 12 to 15 students to enable teachers to give them full attention. There will be no home work.Giving information about the work of Muktangan exploratory, Joshi said, \"The centre completed two decades in the field of innovative science and maths education in April this year. Currently, 1,500 students from 60 schools attend our regular course throughout the week at our main centre on Senapati Bapat Road and sub-centre at Kothrud.\"Suman Shenoy, principal, Jnana Prabodhini School, Nigdi said, \"Our teachers who will be working in the exploratory were trained by Muktangan in April and we hope to start the first batch from July 16.\"V N Abhyankar, trustee of the school, said, \"The centre will utilise the school library, but a new library will be started soon. We will give educational CDs on loan to the students and parents. The students of our school have won medals in science Olympiads.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14921615", "title": "Information about midday meals to be online", "text": "NASHIK: A one-day workshop for principals and clerks of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) schools and private schools was held on Friday to train school staff on providing online information regarding mid-day meals to help make the meal provision procedure more transparent and efficient.The The state has directed schools to provide online information about midday meals in order to maintain transparency and to make all the procedures regarding midday meals easier.A workshop to train the headmistresses/headmasters and clerks of schools was held to inform them about the online procedures.\"Forms will be made available online and information such as daily food quantities and quality of food required will have to be filled in by the schools. nformation about the quantity of foodgrains, fruits, etc that has been received by the schools from the government, the quantity used by the school per day, etc will have to be entered in the columns provided in the form.The government has circulated a timetable mentioning the daily menu for the week. The school will have to provide information about food such as grain and fruit required on a daily basis,\" said officiating education officer, Naseer Khan Ibrahim Pathan.Pathan added that the task of filling the information would be given to the NMC's self-help groups.Deputy municipal commissioner Deepak Kasar said that rather than maintaining a daily register the online system will be easier and could be accessed by the government immediately. \"This would control the implementation of midday meals scheme in civic schools,\" he said.Six hundred employees of 245 schools were guided by Ganesh Phulsunder, the superintendent of the midday meals scheme, of the Niphad zilla parishad, and Uday Deore, an official handling the scheme at Nashik zilla parishad. The trainingwas also attended by NMC and education department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14941455", "title": "Nagaland government asks employees to help flood victims", "text": "KOHIMA: The state cabinet on Friday asked all government employees through their respective heads of department to contribute a day's salary to the chief minister's relief fund in order to help the flood victims of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh.In an official communique, state chief secretary Lalthara said the cabinet also decided to appeal to the civil society and NGOs to contribute to the chief minister's relief fund for the purpose.\"The donations in the districts will be collected by the deputy commissioners for the respective districts and submit it to the home department through the office of the commissioner of Nagaland. The donations at the state and directorate level will be submitted to the concerned head of departments. The NGOs will also give their donations to the home department,\" it said.Meanwhile, the cabinet also decided to institute a special investigation team (SIT) to be constituted by the vigilance commission to verify the claims of unpaid bills overdue to contractors and suppliers.The Nagaland Contractors &amp; Suppliers' Union (NCSU) had demanded the immediate release of their claimed liabilities amounting to Rs 35.83 crore, the government said.The government said, \"As per records, the state government had released all the pending bills of NCSU members in 2009 and earlier years. Therefore, unless the claims of Rs 35.83 crore liabilities are properly verified and found to be genuinely incurred as per the procedures laid down in the Nagaland PWD code and the standing instructions of the state government contained in finance department , the government will not clear these claims\"The cabinet said that all the claims \"may first be verified by a special investigation team to be constituted by the Vigilance Commission and only those claims found to be genuinely incurred as per the procedures and norms will be paid by the state government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "14917497", "title": "Visva-Bharati girl: Probe panel submits final report", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The four-member committee, formed to probe the Visva-Bharati incident, submitted its final report to the university's vice-chancellor Sushanto Dasgupta on Saturday.However, neither the committee members nor the university officials disclosed the content of the final report.During submission of the preliminary report the committee had confirmed quoting the accused warden in which she admitted to having asked the girl to lick the soiled bedsheet to cure her habit of bedwetting. After the submission of the report, the vice-chancellor had even held a press meet and disclosed the report's content.Dasgupta had then confirmed that the warden had confessed to her action. On Saturday, the content of the final report was kept strictly confidential.While the preliminary report had made no mention of the victim and her parents' version of the incident, on Thursday the committee had summoned the 10-year-old and her parents to record their statements which were included in the final report.Though the report sent to the Prime Minister through MHRD drew ire from the PMO, the university authority has not yet decided to send any fresh report. A senior official of the university said, \"It is not possible to completely change what was mentioned in the first report. We can only inform the PMO what actions we have taken so far as to bring back the confidence of the girl and her parents in our system.\"Meanwhile on Saturday, the parents of the girl took away her belongings from Karabi hostel. Though the university officials and Patha Bhavan principal had allowed the girl to continue with her studies at Patha Bhavan as a day scholar, the parents stuck to their stand and said that their daughter was not ready to go back to school.The four-member probe committee which was formed to probe the 'urine' incident submitted its final report on Saturday to the vice chancellor of the university Sushanto Dasgupta. Neither the members of the probe committee nor the university officials disclosed the content of the final report. In its preliminary report the probe committee confirmed quoting the accused warden that has had asked the girl student to lick the bed sheet which was soiled with urine. In a press meet after the submission of the preliminary report of the committee the vice chancellor held a press-meet and disclosed the content. Dasgupta quoted the report and confirmed that the warden had confess her action. But after the submission of the final report they did not do so. It should be mentioned that before preparing and submitting the preliminary report the members of the probe committee had not talked to the victim girl and her parents. On Thursday they summoned the girl and her parents and recoded their version. The final report of the probe committee obviously would mention the detail of the conversation with the girl and her parents.Meanwhile on Saturday the parents of the girl took away her belongings from Karabi hostel where she would stay. Though the university authority had allowed the girl to continue her study at Patha Bhavan as a day scholar till Friday the parents stuck to their stand that the girl would not go to the Visva Bharati -school again. Though the report sent to the Prime Minister through MHRD drew ire from PMO the university authority has not yet decided to send any fresh report. A highly placed official said, ' It is not possible to completely change what was mentioned in the first report. We can only inform the PMO what actions we have taken so far to bring back the confidence of the girl and her parents to our system.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14936260", "title": "People to give feedback on population programme", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The officials of the health department decided on Sunday to take feedback from masses to make population stabilization programme successful.The officials admitted that it was not an easy task to convince uneducated eligible couples. Concerted efforts are needed to convince such couples to adopt family planning methods.The population of Allahabad has already crossed 59.59 lakh, the officials and health department have prepared the list of eligible couples to convince them about family planning methods.Chief medical officer Ramesh Kumar Srivastava said: \"We are promoting the use of safe and secure family planning methods like contraceptives and condoms among eligible couples.\" Deputy chief medical officer Vivek Srivastava: \"We have identified big families and approaching eligible couples of there to take advantages of family planning. Basic health workers like ANMs and ASHAs are apprising them about the benefits of family planning and trying to convince them that they could take care of the family better if there were less members.\"\"Counseling is an important factor to convince eligible couples for family planning methods in rural areas and teams of doctors are doing it.The department is also focusing on high fertility areas for population stabilization,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "14951522", "title": "131 arrested in Sri Lanka for illegal migration", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lankan Navy has arrested 131 would-be asylum seekers, most of them Tamils, from a fishing trawler for illegally heading to Australia.109 people with their fishing trawler were nabbed by the Navy 25 nautical miles northeast off the coast of Kalmunai in the eastern province, Naval spokesman Kosala Warnakulasuriya said.There were 101 Tamils and 8 Sinhalese who were heading for Australia, he said.Another group of 22 people were also arrested for preparing to leave the country illegally at Chilaw in the west coast.Sri Lankan authorities last week announced that a three tier programme to curb illegal immigration had been implemented.Police spokesman superintendent Ajith Rohana said over 400 people have now been arrested since end of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921249", "title": "Interesting battle on the cards for film chamber elections", "text": "HYDERABAD: An interesting battle is on the cards as the A P Film Chamber of Commerce (APFCC) is scheduled to elect its new body here on July 29. The filing of nominations which began on July 9 ended on Saturday.The 44-member executive committee comprises representatives from exhibitors, distributors, producers and studio owners. The executive committee in turn will elect the office-bearers. The all-important post of president of the film chamber this year has been reserved for the producers' council. Every year, the post of president is reserved in turns for the four different divisions of the film industry. Last year, the post went to studio owners' association which chose D Suresh Babu as its nominee. This time, since the post has been reserved for the producers' council, it is learnt that it will not be a smooth affair.According to sources, the incumbent president D Suresh Babu, could also be a candidate for the post as he is also a producer and therefore entitled to contest. A keen contest can be expected as the name of Tammareddy Bharadwaja is also being floated by a section of producers. That means, it can be a straight contest between Suresh Babu and Tammareddy Bharadwaja, unless some other group of producers decide to throw their hat in the ring. The exhibitors and distributors seem to be in favour of Suresh Babu as he understands every aspect of the trade.Apart from office-bearers, the exhibitors, distributors, producers and studio owners will also have to elect one of them as chairman of their respective bodies.The Telugu film industry has been going through a rough patch with problems pertaining to VAT, service tax, the issue of dubbing films, issues with the regional censor board and wages of cine workers haunting it. Those who get elected will have to take up these issues at the highest level to restore normalcy to the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917225", "title": "Students may soon have a second shot at HS", "text": "KOLKATA: Students upset with their higher secondary scores can take the examination next year even if they have got the pass marks. The West Bengal Higher Secondary Council is all set to introduce this new system to give students, who will appear in the board examination in future, an opportunity to improve their HS scores. The proposal will be placed in the HS executive council meeting and then sent to the government for approval.However, there is a rider. A student will not have the option to take the examination in a single subject, such as mathematics or physics. Under the proposed system, the student will have to sit for all five subjects - three compulsory, one optional and language. And more, the student taking another chance has to surrender his marksheet, said HS Council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay. Going by what Chattopadhyay said, the student has to wait for a year before taking admission in higher education institutes.How then is the decision going to help students if he/ she loses a year? According to a higher education official, the new system, if introduced, is likely to benefit students aiming for the IITs and the JEE.\"The IIT-JEE 2013 would be a two-tier examination. CBSE board will conduct the Level 1 JEE for all. Only those coming within the first 1.5 lakh ranks can take the JEE advanced level test. Students will be admitted on the basis of their JEE ranks only if they are in the top 20 percentile band (100 percentile to 80 percentile) of their respective state board or central board examinations. The new HS system will benefit those who can't make it to the top 20 percentile bracket that is a must for their entry to engineering colleges irrespective of their JEE ranks,\" a school education department official said. Even the AIEEE has decided to take 20% of the marks obtained in plus two examination during admission.Students who can't make it to the top 20 percentile band won't be eligible to take the advanced JEE test for admission to the IITs. \"The new system gives the student a scope to improve his scores in case he doesn't meet the eligibility criterion for the IITs,\" said a member of West Bengal Higher Secondary Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944749", "title": "Gautam Buddh Technical University counselling begins behind schedule", "text": "KANPUR: The counselling for admission in engineering colleges affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University ( GBTU) and Mahamaya Technical University ( MTU) began about four hours late at Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute, Pranveer Singh Institute of Technology and Kanpur Institute of Technology. The counselling, which had to commence at 9 am, could begin at 1 pm and the students got an opportunity to lock the courses and the colleges of their choice. The delay was due to snag in the server.The verification of documents had commenced in the morning.On the first day, students from 1 to 8,000 rank had been called to take part in counselling. On Sunday students from rank 8001 to 20,000 have been invited.At HBTI, 341 students reported, out of which 150 students had done choice filling work by 7pm. At PSIT, 307 students reported and 192 students filled the choice when the reports last came in.At KIT, 81 students took part in counselling and 47 had completed the task of choice filling.The counselling at HBTI and PSIT went on till late in the night.The students also submitted a demand draft of Rs 500 each which was the counselling fee. They also submitted a DD of Rs 5,000 which was security money.The students who had not brought the affidavit about the gap after intermediate were asked the submit the same on Monday. This affidavit should have reasons why the student did not join any course after passing out of class XII. Meanwhile, the students remained particular in selecting the colleges and the engineering branch.They were accompanied by parents or guardians. The parents were not allowed to go inside the counselling centre but the students could come out and meet them following snag in the server.They made the choice, based on the repute of the college, placement record, library and lab facilities. The engineering courses in demand were computer science, civil engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering and electronics and communication.Some of the students told TOI that they chose government engineering colleges like HBTI, Kanpur, IET, Lucknow. UPTTI, Kanpur, KNIT, Sultanpur, Madan Mohan Malviya Engineering College, Gorakhpur, BITE, Jhansi and Government College of Architecture.The second round of counselling would be held from August 9 to August 12. From July 28 to July 31, a special counselling will be organized for students of SC/ST and OBC category.On July 21, counselling for BTech and Biotech would be held.On July 22, counselling for BPharmacy would be held. On July 23 and July 24, counselling for fashion designing and BArchitecture would be conducted. Counselling for MSc will be conducted on July 24. Counselling for MBA and hotel managamenet would be held on July 25 and July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14944817", "title": "MJ\u2019s estate clears his massive $500m debt", "text": "Michael Jackson's estate has almost paid off the 500 million dollars debt that he had left behind when he died, after making a fortune since the pop legend's death. The estate has generated gross earnings exceeding 475 million dollars as of the end of May, TMZ.com reported. According to the documents, all of the late singer's debts have been paid, with the exception of a big debt involving the King of Pop's publishing catalog and executors expect that will be fully paid off by the end of the year.It's good news for the lawyers who have been handling all the legal and business affairs. The lawyers fees from May, 2010 through November, 2011 exceeds 13.6 million dollars. Katherine has been asking for an additional 34,700 dollars a month to pay for lawyers and accountants, and another 205,041 dollars to cover lawyer and accountant fees from 2011. However, there are still some unresolved creditors' claims and several lawsuits to clear up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917271", "title": "One held for issuing fake offer letters", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person has been arrested for issuing fake offer letters to two people at a shop at IGI airport. Prakash Jha, an employee at a shop in the international departure area, was arrested on a complaint by the store manager and owner.Victims Kiran Gupta and Zuber Ahmed realized they had been conned when they went to the shop on Wednesday and met the manager to ask for the joining date. They told the manager that Jha had given them offer letters and taken Rs 10,000 from each.\"We have seized three security passes, which seem to be forged, a fake offer letter belonging to Whorra Enterprises, and a photocopy of Kiran's fake offer letter,\" a senior cop said.In another case, the central district police arrested one Mahesh Kumar Thapar for cheating three people on the pretext of sending them abroad. It was found that the complainant had credited Rs 45,000 in the bank accounts of two people - Ved Parkash and Pappu Chauhan. The amount was siphoned off to accounts at different branches of a public sector bank. It was revealed that one of the accounts was opened using a fake ID. Another account was found to be under the name of a person who had been also duped by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918729", "title": "UP lags behind in Ganga conservation programme", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP is the biggest beneficiary of the Central funds for conservation of the Ganga, but the state is a slow performer when compared to the works undertaken by other states for saving the national river.The Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) has sanctioned projects worth Rs 2,598.47 crore under the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) to UP, Uttarakhand, Bihar and West Bengal.Though UP has got maximum funds - Rs 1,341.60 crore -- from the Centre's kitty for pollution abatement works on the Ganga, the state's progress is slow on the sanctioned projects. Sewage Treatment Plants of 313 mld capacity have to be set up in UP, which is the maximum capacity among all the beneficiary states.Contrarily, West Bengal , Bihar and Uttrakhand, which have bagged lesser funds, are making better progress.The National River Conservation Directorate (NRCD) under MoEF revealed the facts and figures on NGRBA in response to a query by an RTI seeker Mahendra Pratap Singh.NGRBA has been in existence for the past three years. The Centre had set up the authority in September 2009 to give Ganga-conservation the needed impetus. The Centre government released funds to UP, Uttrakhand, Bihar and WB between 2009 and 2011 for the development of sewer networks, sewage treatment plants, sewage pumping stations, electric creamtoria, community toilets and river fronts.In UP, projects have been sanctioned for Allahabad, Varanasi, Garmukteshwar, Kannauj and Moradabad (Ramganga) stretch of the river. The projects include installing sewerage systems and STPs, development of ghats and making community toilet complexes.The present status of most of the works, however, is 'under implementation'. The state got seven projects sanctioned for Ganga conservation. The state has started work on five projects, but is yet to begin work on two projects. For the development of area under Assi ghat in Varanasi, state twice invited tenders but no response was received.The other states, however, have made noticeable progress. West Bengal, which got funds released around the same time and for similar projects, has made 75-100% progress on most of the projects. The state was sanctioned 27 projects in 23 towns and has started work on 21 projects while Bihar has started work on all the four sanctioned projects.These projects are funded on 70:30 cost sharing basis between the Centre and states. The projects, once functional, will have a sewage treatment facility of 465 million litres per day (mld). UP Jal Nigam is an implementing agency in UP.The industrial pockets in the catchments of Ramganga and Kali rivers and in Kanpur city are significant sources of industrial pollution. The tanneries in Kanpur, distilleries, paper mills and sugar mills in the Kosi, Ramganga and Kali river catchments are also major contributors.In the Ganga basin, about 12,000 mld sewage is generated, for which presently there is a treatment capacity of only 4,000 mld. A project with World Bank assistance for abatement of pollution in the river at an estimated cost of Rs 7,000 crore was approved in April 2011. The World Bank approved the project proposal in May 2011. The Centre's share will be Rs 5,100 crore while that of Uttarakhand, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand and WB will be Rs 1,900 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916824", "title": "'Common Accounts Code' implementation a tightrope walk for Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: In a new development, the Maharashtra Government has asked all universities in state to implement 'Common Accounts Code (CAC)' from April 1. Nagpur University has accordingly issued a notification on its website stating that now onwards all payments to be made in the university's name should be addressed to the Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO), instead of the registrar. However, NU officials have slammed the government's move stating that CAC's implementation would be a tough job for them considering the severe manpower shortage in the university.NU officials stated that CAC guidelines make it mandatory to have staff of 92 for every 150-200 colleges, which was next to impossible for the university considering its large-scale vacancies, including that of registrar and controller of examinations (CoE). NU has nearly 828 colleges and the addition of new ones makes it the highest for any university in Maharashtra. Over four lakh students pursue various courses in NU. This means, NU would require at least 400-500 employees in accounts section alone to work as per CAC guidelines. NU also has 52 departments of its own and manages other colleges, including Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT) and many of its employees are already working in the capacity of non-academic staff.Admitting the contentious issues, FAO Puran Meshram said the government first finalized the staffing pattern and later introduced CAC. \"When the staffing pattern of the universities was finalized, it was according to the number of students with it. After CAC was finalized, it was realized that more employees were required. Perhaps next year, the government will consider increasing the employees' number,\" he said.He added though NU had started procedure for CAC's implementation, it would be a tightrope walk for them to adopt all its provisions considering the shortage of employees. \"We have forwarded our application for requirement of more number of employees to NU's Establishment Section. It's now up to them to decide,\" he said.Sources in the government told TOI that decision to implement CAC in all universities was taken about four years ago at a meeting of Joint Board of Vice-Chancellors (JBVC) in Mumbai in January 2008. TOI had reported in detail about CAC becoming reality on April 8, 2008.According to sources, once implemented, it would be a historic decision to be executed on the lines of 'Standard Code of Administration' that already exists in the state's universities. With this, the finance and accounts departments in all universities would have same hierarchy, same budget, same set of salary and general funds, same procedures of assessments and to calculate expenses among others. Moreover, all these departments would be interconnected online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14937457", "title": "Seminar on forensic science held", "text": "SURAT: Surat District Legal Service Authority Board and Surat District Bar Association (SDBA) organized a seminar on 'The aspect of forensic science relating to chemical analysis report, examination of documents and postmortem' here on Saturday.At least 800 criminal lawyers practising in the district and sessions court took part in the seminar held in the presence of Justice A L Dave, principal district and sessions Judge B U Joshi.Forensic science experts from Surat and Gandhinagar such as Hitesh Sanghavi, assistant director, FSL, Gandhinagar, R N Guna, assistant director (documents), FSL, Gandhinagar and forensic and medico legal expert Dr Vinesh Shah were also present.SDBA president Ashit Mehta said, \"The seminar was aimed at spreading legal awareness among the lawyers about forensic science and its legal aspects. There are many aspects in the field of forensic science that are still untouched and the lawyers need to understand them closely in order to deal with criminal cases in courts.\"Dr Shah said, \"Most of the lawyers consider postmortem only to know the cause of death. But there are many other aspects to be looked for in the postmortem, which the lawyers miss during legal proceedings in the courts. The aspects are time of death, mode of death, position of the body at the time of death, weapon of assault, type of injury, age of injury etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920313", "title": "Goa 2035 vision document calls for facelift of govt schools", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa 2035 vision and road map has called for efforts from the state government to change the impression on the minds of parents that private schools impart better education as compared to government schools. It has stressed the need for a face lift of the primary and secondary government schools.The vision document prepared by Goa Golden Jubilee Development Council (GGJDC) has recommended that there should be provision for primary, secondary and higher secondary education being imparted at the same location. \"This means integrated education complexes should be promoted. This will lead to merging of schools that have far too small a number of students to sustain as independent schools,\" the report said.Keeping in view the national policy that each state should have a high quality institution of learning, GGJDC said, \"The state should pursue setting up an Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) and Indian Institute of Management (IIM) in Goa. Such institutions will help evolve Goa into an educational hub,\" the council recommended. GGJDC also stated that the transport system of Bal Rath should be strengthened to facilitate access to education.The vision document notes that a key handicap of the education system in India is absence of hands-on training in schools. \"There is a need to change this situation and create an environment that nurtures curiosity among the children by encouraging them to do things with their own hands and this requires enhancing laboratory facilities in schools and creating a system whereby each student gets to participate in the excitement of doing science by themselves,\" the council recommended.The report has also stated that Goa has had a long history of maritime seafaring and should become a leading provider of education in this area. Education in ship building is another area that the state should support. \"The state should examine the possibility of setting up of a campus of the National Maritime University in Goa during the next decade,\" GGJDC recommended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14919633", "title": "Rising crime wave worries cops", "text": "MARGAO: In view of the rising property offenses and prevailing law and order situation in the state, Goa director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar held a meeting with South Goa superintendent of police (SP) Allen de Sa and other high ranking police officials on Saturday, where he gave instructions to intensify patrolling and combing operations across the district.While addressing mediapersons after the meeting at his office in the Margao police station, de Sa said that from Friday night onwards, night patrolling across South Goa had been intensified and specific action and response instructions were given to the those on duty.De Sa stated that day patrolling would also be conducted but for night patrolling, there would always be a PI and DySP on duty and that 50-60 police personnel would be on duty including two platoons of India Reserve Battalion (IRB) and additional Goa police staff from outposts in remote areas.De Sa further stated that the decision to carry out such an exercise was in view of the recent case where five youth from Delhi were held for their alleged involvement in several house-breaking cases. It may be recalled that in this case, in a Bollywood style car chase, a 21-year-old girl Geeta Sharma was also arrested.\"We found out that their modus operandi was to have this girl roam around a residential area, asking questions about people staying in the locality and others in the gang would carry out the house breaking thefts according to her information,\" said de Sa, while stating this was a precedent of sorts.Sources at the Margao police station further pointed out that in a separate case, Nilesh Chowgule, who is the prime accused for a series of robberies in Margao in cases spanning over the last six months, was arrested by the Pune police in Maharashtra. Police sources, who said that Chowgule is considered to be ring leader of the gang, has given leads that there was indeed the presence of organized crime in the state.\"The target of this exercise is to keep a check on attempts at house breaking thefts, property offenses and motorcycle thefts,\" said de Sa, while adding that the police were giving instructions to bring in people found wandering near residential or market areas acting in a suspicious manner to the nearby police station for questioning. Police sources said that the DGP insisted that the police on patrolling duty were given specific instructions on the route and style of patrolling and that they would have to constantly give a location status report on the wireless network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14921463", "title": "Investment firms duped over 100", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Central agency to enforce economic laws and check economic crime Directorate of Enforcement is investigating complaints against Unipay2U Channel and Best Genious Malaysia online investment companies, both based in Chennai.Sources said the investigation revealed these companies cheated several residents of neighbouring countries too, including Bangladesh, Pakistan and Nepal. An FIR under various charges of cheating, forgery and sections of IT Act was registered on July 13.More than 100 people from Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh have also filed a criminal complaint against these firms with Punjab and Haryana high court. The investigation brought to light that both companies had attained their registration with the Centre after they started functioning and not before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14919514", "title": "Bhowmick lights up Churchill training", "text": "PANAJI: The sprawling Chowgule College campus in Margao is unusually crowded at night. Apart from the regulars who train at the state-of-the-art gymnasium and noisy construction workers labouring on a new block, the sight of action on the football field adds to the intrigue.Those slogging out on the field way after sunset are no junior enthusiasts honing their skills, or work-going veterans who find little time in the day. These are hardcore professionals in every sense of the word, and they don colours for one of India's finest football club: Churchill Brothers.\"This is more out of compulsion than choice. We have been forced to train at night because we cannot find any other slot,\" said coach Subhas Bhowmick who -- handed with complete control by boss Churchill Alemao -- is redefining ways and means to make Churchill the top team in the country.As a standard coaching rule, Bhowmick does not conduct any training session beyond 75 minutes on the field. In this season when rain plays spoilsport, Bhowmick feels dual training sessions in a day are a must to obtain optimum physical fitness.\"The (training) schedule is elaborate but varies. We have three days in the gymnasium, then one swimming session. When we go to the gym in the morning, I need to slot a session in the evening as well,\" said Bhowmick.The Indian under-17 and under-19 occupies the ground between 4-8pm leaving Churchill to start their training when most professional footballers prepare to go to bed.Two training sessions can be killing in pre-season, especially because the players are used to waking up early, packing their bags and slogging it out. With the Churchill players now tied up the entire day -- all spend their free and rest time at the impressive Club House in Varca -- it could effectively mean an additional burden. Bhowmick, though, disagrees and feels training at night has its own advantages.\"There is no humidity, it's relaxed and the atmosphere is more fun. I have not heard any complaint so far, and the day the players feel it is not conducive, I will think of alternate ways,\" said the coach.Defender Denzil Franco , who has just been recalled to the India team, concurs with his coach. \"This arrangement, we have been told, is for two months and the players have taken that in the right spirit. If we train hard in the morning, the coach is kind enough to spare us for the night session,\" he disclosed.Bhowmick has cut the flab around Churchill and maintained a squad of just 33 players with an average age of 22. It's a welcome change from the oversized squad he inherited last year and Bhowmick now believes his team would be far better in the second season.You can argue that any coach's side would be better in the second year. The difference is, not many coaches get a second season with Churchill after finishing third. Bhowmick's charisma works for sure, but, he would know, the clock is ticking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14950891", "title": "Maitri completes talkie part shooting", "text": "Navdeep's upcoming film \"Maitri\" has completed shooting the entire talkie part of the film and is now left with couple of songs. Actress Sada will be sharing the screen space in this film, which is directed by debutante Surya Raju. Maitri is about a settled young man and a woman, and their growng friendship.The director says that the two songs will be shot in Hampi and Chennai from July 20 and shall be wrapped up in a fortnight. The film was shot non-stop thus far and the unit has taken a break for a week. Sources say Sada and Navdeep have essayed interesting role while Brahmanandam's comedy will be a major asset.Navadeep and Sada, who have been waiting for success for a long time, are now pinning hopes on his romantic entertainer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14926164", "title": "Most suitable time to include herbs in menu", "text": "KOCHI: More than a dozen herbal shops in Tripunithura are gearing up to meet the increasing demand for herbs in the month of Karkidakam when people go for rejuvenation of the mind and the body. At this time of the year, there are many takers for the herbal medicinal mix prescribed by Ayurvedic doctors, as also for the ready-to-use 'marunnu kanji' kits.\"With Keralites becoming more aware of the importance of traditional rituals in Karkidakam, the demand for medicinal kits prepared by even small scale manufacturers is increasing,\" said Vijayan, a salesman in a herbal shop near Sree Poornathrayeesha Temple.People often bring the prescriptions by Ayurvedic medical practitioners and seek each of the ingredients of the 'marunnu kanji' separately, Vijayan says. According to Vijayan, one does not need to buy these ingredients from shops as they can be grown in one's courtyard. Punarnava, commonly known as thazhuthaama, is an important medicinal plant that cures all kinds of disorders of liver, kidney and other vital organs.According to ayurveda, the body becomes weak during this time of the year. And it's believed that the impact of a fracture or a muscle fatigue occurring in Karkidakam, especially in the first seven days, will last long. So the first week of this Malayalam month is considered the most suitable time for taking herbal medicines.\"Our ancestors used to include more leafy vegetables in their diet during this period,\" says Ammini Thampuran of Bungalor Palace, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921411", "title": "3,000 students score more in Plus 2 after re-evaluation", "text": "COIMBATORE: R Harshita, a student of a Stanes Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Avinashi Road received an information from the education department asking her to reach Chennai to get the papers she had applied for revaluation of the higher secondary examination. She is happy to have received 19 marks more in her higher secondary examination after revaluation.Her uncle, G Senthil Kumar says that she has become the school topper after the increase in marks. \"Harshita had expected better marks than what she had received. Therefore, she applied for the photocopy of her answer sheets and after going through the answer papers, she applied for revaluation,\" he said.Like Harshita, around 3,000 students in the district had applied for revaluation in the higher secondary examination. Most of their results have come. School principals said most students have by now received their revised results. A principal of a government school said such issues were bound to happen as the evaluation is not done properly.The principal of a matriculation school says, \"There is a lack of proper mechanism in the correction of answer sheets especially of the English medium students.\" \"The Tamil medium teachers are asked to correct the answer sheets of the English medium students. This creates confusion,\" she added.Meanwhile, some senior teachers say the procedures are systematic these days. K Sathyanarayanan, the head master of Mani Higher Secondary School said since students can get the photocopy of the answer sheets, they can go through the answers and decide. \"This has made it better and more transparent,\" he feels.However, education department officials said the valuation processes may not be entirely at fault. \"Poor handwriting can also be a cause of students receiving less marks,\" says a senior official. But he agrees there are issues of genuine oversight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14950245", "title": "Shankar's &amp; Venkat Prabhu's films launched", "text": "The month of Aadi is generally considered inauspicious in Kollywood. Which is exactly why producers of high-profile projects rushed to have their puja before the month begins tomorrow.Mega-budget filmmaker Shankar's Vikram-Amy Jackson-starrer I had its official puja today with the production team literally going to town by plastering the posters of the film all over the city. The romantic thriller is being produced by hotshot producer Aascar Ravichandran and boasts of a terrific crew including A R Rahman , P C Sreeram and dialogue writers Subha.Venkat Prabhu's Biriyani too had a rather subdued puja at the office of Gnanavel Raja, whose Studio Green is producing the film. The film has Karthi and Richa Gangopadhyay in the lead and is said to be a fun entertainer, much like the director's earlier films. The film also marks the 100th project for composer Yuvan Shankar Raja.In addition to these two films, a couple of small budget films also had their pujas today making it one of the busiest days in K-Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14950989", "title": "Shoot-at-sight orders against stray pigs", "text": "HUBLI: In the wake of rising pig menace in the twin cities, the HDMC has decided to take stringent measures to check the population of stray pigs.At a meeting held on Saturday, Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil said the corporation has decided to recommence shooting down of pigs if they are found on the streets.The decision was taken on the heels of Friday's incident in which a six-year-old boy was bitten by stray pigs and was admitted to KIMS hospital. The mayor visited the injured boy in the hospital and expressed his concern over the risk stray pigs are posing to public, especially children.The corporation will issue a shoot-at-sight order in a week to eradicate stray pigs in the city, the mayor said.All preparations will be made to ensure safety and efficacy of the operations, he added.The mayor told pig owners to move their animals off the streets with immediate effect.He appealed to people not to throw garbage on the roadside and help the city corporation keep the twin cities clean to control the population of stray pigs and dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919395", "title": "Can't wait to see India from space: Sunita Williams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Just a few hours before undertaking her journey into space, Sunita Williams had one eye on the land of her forefathers - Gujarat. She wrote a special message for the country. \"God bless all the people of India! I can't wait to see your beautiful country again from space. It is truly a unique vantage point which really highlights the energy and power of our planet. We are lucky to live in such a wonderful place,\" she wrote to her father Deepak Pandya.Sunita had a message for the entire human race too. \"Earth is filled with so many gifts of nature which are evident from space. So I request a couple of things. Please take care of her, our planet. Please have tolerance for each other - we are all really only one. Please love every gift of nature God has given us.\"Pandya told TOI, \"I will watch the Soyuz launch on July 14 at the Massachusetts Maritime Academy. My wife will be in Cleveland with her family, relatives and lots of friends attending a function and watching the launch.\" Her sister Dina would be the only one from the family who would be seeing Sunita off at the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .In a mail to her cousin Pratik Raval, Sunita wrote, \"Over and out from the cosmonaut hotel. Next time you hear from me via email, we'll be on the International Space Station!\"A family member Jayant Pathak led a prayer meeting for her safe journey at the Ashapura temple at Madhapar in Kutch. About 50 students of the MSV High School participated in the prayer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14946016", "title": "Want to revive my grandpa's legacy: Aditya Samanta", "text": "Debutant actor Aditya Samanta, who is making his foray into films with home production \" Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai\", says he joined Bollywood to revive his late grandfather's banner Shakti Films.Filmmaker Shakti Samanta had churned out classics like Aradhana, Amar Prem, An Evening in Paris and Aditya said he hopes his modern day love story also leaves the same impression on the audience's mind.\"Our banner is known for producing some of the best films in the Indian film industry. People still remember my grandfather for delivering back to back hits and I hope I continue his trend. I am nervous and excited. We all have put in so much effort in the film to meet audience's expectation,\" Aditya told PTI.The 26-year-old actor will be seen playing the lead role in the love story set in the backdrop of Rajasthan. He has being cast opposite Sanjay Dutt's niece Nazia Hussain.Aditya said that he wanted to be a director but it was his grandfather's wish to see him as an actor and Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai was his idea.\"It was last in my wish list to launch myself as an actor. I was always interested in film production and direction. My grandfather attended a play, where I was acting as a lead. He liked my performance so much that he told my father (Ashim) that he wanted me to cast him as the lead in his next project. But, unfortunately he passes away,\" he said.The film will hit theatres on July 20 and also stars Rati Agnihotri, Farida Jalal, Mukesh Tiwari and Mohnish Behl.Aditya started his career a little late as compared to other star kids, but he has no qualms about it.\"I may be couple of years late as compared to others but I feel I am confident now to be an actor at this age. I feel prepared to play any character now,\" he said.As a newcomer, he does not want to restrict himself to any particular genre and would like to be part of a mixed-bag of films.\" Yeh Jo Mohabbat Hai is a do or die project for me. I think it will decide my fate as an actor. If I perform well then only I can get other offers. It's not mandatory that I will work for my home production, I am ready to work with other production houses too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14929552", "title": "Rajesh Khanna back in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Rajesh Khanna , seriously ill since the last few months, was readmitted to Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai a week after he was discharged. Lilavati COO Narendra Trivedi confirmed the actor was admitted on Saturday, but refused to comment further. A family source insisted the actor \"was not very serious\" and maintained he had been shifted due to weakness.A family friend Bhupesh Raseen told TOI, \"He was feeling low and weak so the doctor asked him to get admitted for a day. he has been put on saline drip. He may be discharged on Sunday evening or Monday morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14942682", "title": "Central help for Arunachal tourism development", "text": "ITANAGAR: A team of officials led by state tourism minister Pema Khandu called on Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay in New Delhi recently, asking for central help for tourism development in the state, particularly infrastructure, capacity building and marketing.The team that met the minister on Thursday discussed the strategy and plan for development and promotion of tourism activities in the state. A memorandum was also submitted to the the Union tourism minister seeking special attention for development of tourism in the state, sources said on Saturday.Sahay assured the delegation of all possible support and assistance for making Arunachal a premium tourist destination of the country, the source said.\"The tourism ministry has decided to provide cent percent financial support under the 'Hunar Se Rojgar Tak' scheme for skill development of school dropouts, who have passed class 8, for six to eight weeks of training under various tourism activities. A target of 500 trainees has been fixed by the ministry,\" Sahay informed the delegation.He decided to invite Arunachal tourism department to participate in the various road shows being organized outside the country for marketing Arunachal's tourism products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918893", "title": "Rein in Samajwadi Party supporters to improve law &amp; order: BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ruckus started by the 'uncontrolled' Samajwadi Party workers since the party took over the charge of Uttar Pradesh continues unabated, alleged BJP and said that law and order cannot improve in the state without reining in the SP workers. Without putting a check on the SP cadres there is no point in holding meetings to review law and order in state, said state BJP spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak on Saturday.\"It seems that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has no control over the government and the party organisation. This is the reason while police is being beaten up by SP workers, a sub-inspector did not fear in attempting rape inside the police station,\" he alleged. In Mirzapur, a junior engineer was brutally assaulted by the supporters of a minister in the state government, he said.\"The same day SP workers created ruckus at Salempur village in Kanpur. How the law and order of the state will improve without reining in the SP workers. They also attacked a sub-station in Kanpur and assaulted a junior engineer on May 23 and in Faizabad an executive officer was thrashed,\" he alleged.Pathak said that while chief minister was repeatedly claiming that law and order would be improved, his own partymen were posing threat to it.\"The CM should make arrangements to put a control on those becoming challenge for law and order situation in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14930423", "title": "Golden day for Karnataka as hosts pick four golds", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a golden day for the hosts as Karnataka picked up four gold medals on the second day of the National Youth Athletics Championships on Saturday.Leading the medal hunt were the hurdlers as high jumpers and hurdlers as Fakeerappa V Bangi (boys 110m hurdles, Meghana Shetty (girls 100m hurdles), Jesse Sandesh (boys high jump) and Sristhi Sunil (girls high jump) all won gold medals at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium.The gold rush began through Meghana Shetty, who ran away with the hurdles gold with ease with a new meet record. The II PU student from Mount Carmel college timed 14.06 seconds. Meghana's rivals couldn't do much to trouble the bubbly Bangalore girl as Kerala's Arya TS (14.81s) and Dhana Lakshmi of Tamil Nadu 15.01s emerged distant second and third. Bangi quelled the challenge of Rahul Kr Mishra of Jharkhadn and statemate C Shivakumar winning the title in 14.51 seconds.A product of SAI Dharwad, the Belgaum boy is doing his PU course in Karnataka Arts and Commerce College in Dharwad. Next it was the turn of high jumpers. Jesse took the gold clearing 2.04m followed by Sreenith Mohan of Kerala (2.02m) and Ajay Kumar of Haryana (2.00m). The girls' high jump saw a close battle with the medal winners decided on count back after all the three podium finishers cleared 1.54m. Sristhi, who returned after a stint in USA, took gold followed by Nikit Kochrekar and Sangeetha PG.Dutee Chand completes doubleDutee Chand completed a sprint double winning the 200m equaling Ranjitha Mahanta's national record. Ruma Sarkar and Himashree Roy finished second and third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14920742", "title": "JD(U) may support Ansari for vice presidential post", "text": "PATNA: Major partner of the NDA government in Bihar , the JD(U) is expected to take a stand different from the BJP in supporting a candidate for the post of vice-president. Indications are that the JD(U) may back the UPA candidate as it is supporting the UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee.While praising Vice-President Hamid Ansari's intellect and deep thoughts, state JD(U) president Vashisht Narayan Singh on Saturday said, \"One should not read much if we adopt a line different from the BJP on any issue.\" While retaining Ansari, the UPA has declared he is the candidate for the second term.To a further query, Singh muttered, \"All parties should be ready to meet any eventuality.\"He, however, declined to explain. He said after the NDA's decision, the JD(U) will declare its stand. In Delhi, party's national president Sharad Yadav maintained that his party would clear its stand only after the UPA's vice-presidential candidate is announced.Chief minister Nitish Kumar also appears to be in favour of Ansari. A few days back, he had asserted that the JD(U) would discuss the issue in the party after the NDA's decision on its vice-presidential candidate. His statement indicated that the JD(U) might break ranks with the BJP on this issue, too.Meanwhile, animal husbandry and fisheries minister and senior BJP leader, Giriraj Singh, who has been openly expressing his displeasure over the JD(U) stand on presidential election, on Saturday, lashed out at the disciples of Lohia, JP and Karpoori Thakur for leaning towards Congress.The BJP leader, who had earlier made stinging remarks against chief minister Nitish Kumar following his interview on 'secular PM' and rushed to support Gujarat CM Narendra Modi for the PM post, said Lohia had raised a strong anti-Congress forum that changed political contours of the country.\"All those socialists, including H D Deve Gowda, Mulayam Singh Yadav and Lalu Prasad, are now standing with Congress. Unfortunately, for the reasons better known to him, Nitish Kumar has also joined the same bandwagon,\" the minister told TOI. \"Had Lohia been alive today or his philosophy was followed by his followers, the Congress nominees for the presidential and vice-presidential elections would have been defeated easily,\" he said.The JD(U) leaders are neither in a mood to react to the BJP leader's statement nor saying anything on the party's stand on vice-presidential election. In a cautious tone, they said first the NDA and then the JD(U) would disclose their choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14922481", "title": "China beats India again, this time in corruption", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918467", "title": "Widened service tax ambit may hike consumers' woes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The onset of the new service tax regime has added to the misery of consumers. And, it not only the common man, but also the creamier section, which is likely to feel the pinch. \"In 1994-95 when service tax was introduced, only three services were covered. Almost 18 years later, the number of services covered under the service tax net stands at 119. Only a few essential items have been put on the negative list, which are exempted from the tax,\" said Amit Agarwal, a city based charted accountant.From speed post, express parcel service of post office to air tickets and overseas holiday package bought from online portals will come under the 12% service tax bracket from July 1 with the Centre embracing the new service tax regime based on negative list. With the exception of 38 services, which figure in the negative list, all other activities would attract 12% service tax.The government has widened the definition of 'Services' to bring in more activities under the tax net. Till now, 119 services that come under 'positive list' are subject to the levy. The switch-over to a negative list would help in expanding the tax base, and is also expected to increase the Centre's service tax collection to Rs 1.24 lakh crore in 2012-13, up from Rs 97,000 crore in the last fiscal.Though the additional list of services incorporated into the service tax net would surely add to government coffers, and will make the common man cough more from his pocket. TOI has compiled a list of services, where consumers would have to take extra pain to cough more money:Eating Out: If you are planning to dine out with family in a club or starred hotel (three, four or five star), then be prepared to shell out additional Rs 50 due to revised service tax. \"For savouring a cappuccino in a coffee shop of a three-star hotel, one will have to pay 4.94% service tax against the previous rate of 4%. And if one is throwing a party in the banquet, service tax of 12.36% will be imposed,\" said Amit Sharma, who looks after reservations in a five-star hotel on Kanpur Road. People will have to spend more for get-togethers at the club or pubs as well.Holidaying: Business or luxury travel has already made an impact. \"I remember spending Rs 1,200 for a room in a budget hotel, when I came to Lucknow in April to meet my son. But this time, I got the same room for Rs 1,600,\" said Dr RN Singh, a private practitioner in Gorakhpur. City-based tour operator Prateik Hira affirmed the same. \"Service tax was levied at the rate 10% earlier, but now it has increased,\" he said. Industry sources say that certain hoteliers had inflated their cost significantly on account of the new service tax regime.Travel: Tickets bought for overseas destinations are also subjected to service tax. On transportation, the service tax is charged at 4.95% which was earlier 4.12%. \"A 0.83% rise in the tax will not be a very substantial load on the commuters, as they were already being taxed,\" said RK Sinha of an international tour operator. The cost of rail travel may also swell. However, in response to a letter written by Union railway minister Mukul Roy, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh (who is also holding the finance portfolio) has put on hold the inclusion of passenger fare and freight fare in the service tax net for three months. In another development, consumers will have to pay more for availing passport and visa services through an agent. Keeping this in mind, secretary, Passport Employees Association, Sudhir Tiwari said that people should liberally avail online services and save money.For the exclusive look : Personalised services particularly those relating to engaging a designer for exclusive clothes and dresses have been brought under the service tax loop. Thus, designer dresses and accessories will make one shell more. \"And this is surely to hurt the would-be-brides the most,\" said Roma Bhalla, a city-based fashion designer. \"This would be over and above the cost factors that the textile industry is facing on account of depreciating value of the rupee. All those who do not want to compromise with quality, will make their consumers pay more,\" she said. A store owner in Hazratganj however said that they may be forced to compromise with quality, if they were to keep their articles affordable. Even marriage bureaux, astrologers and numerologists will also be taxed. There will be 15-20% hike in consultancy price in this segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916381", "title": "'Regional-level quota system to cure trend of cancelling postings'", "text": "NAGPUR: Employment guarantee scheme minister Nitin Raut on Saturday said that the forthcoming regional-level quota system will help curb the tendency of senior level officials to cancel postings in Vidarbha so that they could retain them in western Maharashtra. The trend has plagued policing in Vidarbha as there are many vacancies for senior officials at the supervisory level.Raut said that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is keen on introducing the quota system so that officers compulsorily work in a region for a fixed period. \"The decision to implement the plan has already been taken,\" said Raut while talking to a section of the media at Ravi Bhavan where he convened a meeting of senior police and traffic officials to review the crime scenario in the city. The minister also heard crime-related issues of citizens, leaders, corporators and social workers.While issuing instructions to senior officials, Raut suggested that the police should concentrate on forming new committees for peace and harmony with people of standing from different walks of life.\"Let citizens approach the police with the help of peace committee members whose names and numbers along with that of senior PIs should be displayed prominently at every police station,\" said Raut.Earlier, the issue of inducting citizens from respectable backgrounds into the peace and tanta-mukhti committees was taken up with state home minister RR Patil by social and political worker Nutan Rewatkar.Raut also instructed traffic police officials to check the fitness certificates of vehicles and licences of drivers ferrying construction material. The minister also stressed that police should increase night patrolling after several residents of north Nagpur highlighted a spurt in thefts.On citizens' grievances about roadside stalls and vendors creating a nuisance by selling liquor, Raut urged corporators present at the meeting to take up the issue with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation. He urged the civic body to remove encroachments. \"We widen roads but they get encroached upon on either side,\" said Raut.He urged the police and citizens to join hands to curb crime and enhance security. \"It should be viewed as a collective responsibility,' he said. Activities like gambling and sale of country liquor in different localities have risen, citizens told the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14941666", "title": "Meghalaya coal mine collapse: NDRF team returns, no bodies found", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team returned to the city on Friday after no body was found in the three-day rescue operation at the mine collapse site at Nagelbibra of South Garo Hills district in Meghalaya.\"The NDRF team, comprising deep divers, water rescue specialists and all responders, made all efforts to find the bodies of the 10 miners trapped in the coal pit. They even went 300 to 400 feet inside the channel and sub-channel of mine, searching it thoroughly despite threat to life. Sniffer canines and life detectors were also used, but no body was found. The NDRF team continued their search operation for two days amid incessant rain. All subjected areas were cleared by canines and the technical group ruled out possibility of victims being alive inside the pit,\" said the NDRF operation incharge.He added that they had to call off the rescue operation as there were threats like presence of methane gas and electric current flowing inside the water-filled mine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917251", "title": "Khurshid stresses two-fold approach to tackle pendency", "text": "NEW DELHI: The judiciary across the country seems to be girding up to deal with the problem of huge backlog of cases. Not just Delhi, but courts of other states such as Kerala, Maharashtra, and Gujarat are also rolling up their sleeves to clear the pendency of cases, which have been stuck due to long dates and longer hearings.The results of the 'Five-plus free' campaign last year were quite impressive. A net reduction of six lakh cases in subordinate courts was noted at the end of 2011. This reversed the trend of increase in pendency by about five lakh cases in 2010, and a significant reduction was seen of over 1.36 lakh cases relating to senior citizens, minors, disabled and marginalized sections of society. These figures were part of a recent letter written by law minister Salman Khurshid to the Chief Justice of India. In the letter, Khurshid stressed the need of extending the term of the campaign.Khurshid said that about 26% of the cases pending in trial courts across the country are more than five years old and a sustained effort was required to reduce the number. Khurshid stressed the need of having more judges to tackle the ever increasing backlog. \"This will need to be pursued and efforts are required both for filling the vacancies in district and subordinate courts as well as reducing the pendency by direct action in a campaign mode,\" the letter said.While results of last year's campaign show the potential of courts to dispose of pending cases, Khurshid said filling up existing vacancies would help further. For hiring more judges, substantial funds have been made available to the state governments, he said, adding the funds could be utilized for creation of special courts and ADR centres for achieving the reduction in pendency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14939060", "title": "BJD agog over presidential candidate PA Sangma welcome", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The BJD will roll out the red carpet for presidential candidate P A Sangma when he comes calling to the state capital on Sunday.BJD sources said Sangma would reach Bhubaneswar around 11 am and go to Naveen Nivas to meet chief minister Naveen Patnaik. From there, he would go to the BJD party office where he will address a meeting of the ruling party MPs, MLAs and other leaders. He will also visit the state BJP office here before leaving for Guwahati around 3:15 pm.The BJD camp is very enthusiastic about Sangma's visit because it was party president Naveen Patnaik would had first proposed his candidature for Rashtrapati Bhavan on May 17. \"Sangma is a BJD candidate. Only after our party announced its support for him, others backed him,\" BJD vice-president Damodar Rout said. \"We would appeal to everyone to vote for Sangma as he is a distinguished tribal leader,\" BJD youth wing president Sanjay Dasburma said.The excitement was visible at the BJD office on Saturday as leaders were supervising the arrangements for Sangma's meeting. The BJD leadership to ward off the possibility of cross-voting during the July 19 elections, is believed to be working overtime by contacting 'suspect' elements, party sources said. The BJD has 108 MLAs, 14 Lok Sabha and seven Rajya Sabha members.Even close aides of Naveen are trying their best to win over MLAs and MPs considered close to Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra following the May 29 failed coup. During the last few days, legislators like Anjali Behera, who was sacked from the ministry after the coup, and Pravat Ranjan Biswal and Bibhuti Balbantray (both suspended from the party along with Pyari since June 1) have gone on record, pledging their support for Naveen and Sangma. Even Khurda's Independent MLA Rajendra Sahu, who was said to be close to Pyari has sworn by Naveen and Sangma. Only Sanjib Sahu and Sarada Nayak, both expelled ministers and regarded as key aides of Pyari, are yet to reveal their cards.\"There is no reason to apprehend cross-voting. Suspended or not, everyone is in the BJD. I personally do not feel anybody will violate the party line,\" finance minister and senior party leader Prafulla Ghadai said. State BJP president Jual Oram , in turn, said Sangma is not a controversial person. \"As the party central leadership has already announced its support for Sangma, all state BJP MLAs (six) would vote for him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916797", "title": "No action taken on CPCB report about Okhla plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A report by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) on the Okhla-Timarpur waste-to-energy plant has found several issues of concern, starting with a deviation in technology on the basis of which the environment impact assessment was carried out. The existing technology is a simplified version of what had been mentioned in the project report, leading to questions on the efficiency of the system.CPCB also issued a list of conditions that should be fulfilled by project proponent Jindal Ecopolis, on the basis of which they were to be granted a provisional consent to operate. The report is with the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), and also Delhi Pollution Control Committee (DPCC), but sources in Jindal say nothing has been communicated to them so far.In January 2012, responding to a ToI report on complaints of rise in pollution after the plant started operation, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had asked DPCC to set up a committee to solve the problem. Sources say the committee has not met so far. \"We are not aware of any such direction but DPCC is regularly monitoring air pollution and we are satisfied that everything is in order. A second three-month-long provisional consent to operate has been issued to the plan. During this time we will be carrying out fortnightly tests,\" said Sandeep Mishra, member secretary, DPCC.Sources in Jindal added that, without a formal communication on the said report, they were working as per norms. \"Full production has started in the plant and everything is working well,\" said a source.However, CPCB's report claims that all is not well and Delhi government needs to impose strict control over the project so that it does not pollute. \"There is a list of about 25 conditions that were to be ensured, especially since the plant has deviated from the technology outlined in the detailed project report. No study has been carried out on the efficiency of the system finally used under Indian conditions,\" said the source.Officials said that while the plant is expected to function properly under \"normal\" conditions, barely any provisions had been made for forced shutdowns. \"Water used in the plant will be treated but no arrangement has been made for its storage or disposal. It is the state government's responsibility to ensure that such issues are addressed before the plant starts functioning, especially since it is in the middle of a residential area,\" said a source in MoEF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14942103", "title": "Sunny Leone in Shekhar Suman\u2019s next film?", "text": "The Adult film actress has been approached by Shekhar Suman to be in his directorial debut.Actor, tv presenter Shekhar Suman is keen on casting adult film actress Sunny Leone in his directorial debut as the lead heroine. The film will mostly have Shekhar's son Adhyayan Suman playing the hero. That however depends on Adhyayan's dates and availability clarifies the proud dad as his son has four films in hand already.Speaking of Sunny, Shekhar revealed, \"I will be coming up with my own first film. I will be directing it later this year. It's my directorial debut. I am in talks with Sunny Leone. I am keen on casting her not just for the oomph factor. She has an extremely beautiful face and that attracted me.\"Sunny has already stepped into Hindi films with Pooja Bhatt's Jism 2.Inputs: Vijayalaxmi Tiwari", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14920065", "title": "Techie held for sending lewd SMSes to collegemate", "text": "BANGALORE: KR Puram police arrested Keshavamurthy Gopalappa, a 26-year-old software engineer working with an IT major, for allegedly sending lewd messages to another software engineer in a different company.She was his collegemate in 2007. Gopalappa befriended her when they were students at UVCE, Bangalore.He opened accounts on email and social networking sites and sent obscene messages to her friends, colleagues and relatives. These included indecent comments such as 'I counted the moles on her body'. What's worse, he also set up fake accounts in her name and sent mails to her friends claiming she was in a physical relationship with him.In April 2011, her parents filed a compliant with JP Nagar police saying Gopalappa was harassing their daughter but police let him off with a warning. Enraged by the complaint, he scaled up the harassment, police said.Unable to bear it, her parents filed another complaint with KR Puram police in June. \"Sensing we were closing in on him, he went underground for more than 15 days. Finally, we zeroed in on him at his room in Narayanapura early Saturday morning and arrested him,\" KR Puram police said.Friendship in college busDuring investigation, Gopalappa told police he befriended the victim while travelling in their college bus. Their ancestral homes were opposite each other in Kolar. He proposed to her in 2008 but the girl turned him down. Since then, he had been harassing her.In the beginning, he sent lewd messages. \"But he crossed the limit after JP Nagar police warned him. He sent nasty messages to the victim's elder sister and her husband,\" police said.Police are summoning Gopalappa's family to counsel him. \"He has an aged mother. We'll also question his brother-in-law Lakshmaiah, an assistant director with the social welfare department in Kolar,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918861", "title": "Post-vaccination deaths spark debate on side-effects", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu health department does not appear to be following the post-vaccination protocol of making visits to homes of children administered the pentavalent vaccine. Officials claim that not one of the 2.9 lakh children vaccinated in the state till July has suffered any adverse reactions.According to the 'operational guidelines on surveillance and response to AEFI (adverse effects from immunisation)' of the Union health ministry, there must be around 600 adverse reactions per million vaccinations. In reply to an RTI query from a Delhi-based paediatrician Dr Jacob Puliyel, the TN health department said none of the children vaccinated in the state since December had fever, experienced convulsions, collapsed or cried incessantly.Doctors say this is plain impossible. \"While we can't quote numbers, mild side-effects like fever, swelling and pain are common, which is why we always prescribe a paracetamol when we send them back home,\" says Meena Thiagarajan, a paediatrician with Apollo Children's Hospital. The practice is followed in all government health centres.The pentavalent vaccine protects children from diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus (DPT), hepatitis B and HIB (Haemophilus influenzae type B), by combining five drugs each with side-effects of their own. According to the World Health Organisation website, DPT alone causes high fever in one of every 330 vaccinations and convulsions in one of every 1,750 children vaccinated within 48 hours. Other side-effects include swelling, redness, pain which causes incessant or inconsolable crying for more than three hours. Effects like collapse, anaphylaxis and seizures also occur but rarely.This, experts say, points to a trend of children not being followed up and defeats the purpose of the national technical advisory group for immunization (NTAGI) creating a trial period of one year.The pentavalent vaccine was in the news recently when a three-month-old girl died in Chennai hours after being administered the injection. This is the sixth death in the country suspected to be caused by adverse effects of the vaccine. Though the cause of death has been proved in only one case, WHO guidelines state that any death occurring within 48 hours of being vaccinated, has to be suspected to have been caused by the vaccine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14916711", "title": "Art done by heart", "text": "The Shashtham series, which was a part of the Monsoon Bonanza organized by CISFA at its Choti gallery, concluded on Saturday with a sculpture exhibition of works done by Amit Panchal. With a Master's degree in fine arts under his belt, Panchal has been exhibiting his works in the city and outside too.His works, mostly done in fibre, metal and stone are an expression of his innermost thoughts. The concepts are relevant to contemporary concerns. His ten part series titled Dhwani deals with noise pollution. \"In our field there are no trends to follow. We depict those thoughts and issues which affect us the most,\" says 26-year-old Amit. So, tall buildings with symbols of sound and a collection of ears lying at the bottom done in fibre, address the issue of noise which residents of high rise buildings suffer. \"Music playing in a flat, people fighting and children crying are sounds over which we have no control and have to suffer,\" he says explaining the concept.Moving towards a more peaceful environment his work showing a sermon being delivered and hundreds of ears following it speaks of the quest for peace. \"There are some sounds which are pleasant too, like the sounds of a waterfall,\" he says explaining the sculpture based on this thought.The idea behind his second series 'Slow victory' is explained through tortoises in all shapes and sizes. \"The thought here is that we should not be a part of the rat race but reach our destination at our own pace.\"Selling his art is not much of a problem for Panchal. \"Doing sculptures is commercially very lucrative and buyers are easy to find,\" he says adding that the cost of raw material used is high but the prices have never been an issue.Happy with the response that the event received, the dean of CISFA, Chandrakant Channe said, \"The footfalls have been rising and interest in art has been created through these events. After this we begin with our Shravan Sari in which 12 artists from all over the state will pay a tribute to the late poet Grace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916221", "title": "Fire officer moves court for change in date of birth", "text": "NAGPUR: When former Army chief Gen VK Singh had moved Supreme Court for change in date of birth (DoB) to get extension in his services, a big furore was created before the apex court rejected his claims. Perhaps taking inspiration from him the chief fire officer of Nagpur Municipal Corporation Abdul Nayeem Khan has also knocked the judiciary's doors praying for the correction in his DoB with the view to get extension in his retirement date. He claimed that his date of birth in the fire department records is incorrect and demanded a stay on his retirement order issued by the corporation.Justices SC Dharmadhikari and MT Joshi at Bombay High Court's Nagpur bench here issued notices to the commissioner, assistant and deputy commissioners of the corporation who were made respondents in the case. Senior counsel RB Pendharkar assisted by Gauri Venkatraman and Gaurav Belsare represented the petitioner.Lawyers representing Khan contended that his DoB was mentioned as July 6, 1954, on NMC records as per his school leaving certificate , which he claims as incorrect. They argued that Khan obtained his birth certificate in 1995 when he applied for a passport. It was then that he first realized his true birth date is June 6, 1955, and hence he is due for retirement only after another year. Even after repeated applications to civic officials, his date of birth was not changed in official records as well as the seniority list.On March 7, the petitioner received a notice informing him that he will be retiring on July 31 as he will be completing age of superannuation according to his DoB in the service records. He filed an application under Right to Information (RTI) Act, 2005, to know about steps taken regarding his applications for change of DoB in the records. But he was told that his official DoB could not be corrected as it was too late, and only three months were left for his retirement. Khan therefore decided to move judiciary for justice.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "story", "code": "14988943", "title": "Mullamottum Munthiricharum", "text": "Story: The story revolves around a ruffian who is transformed by some sudden turn of events.Movie Review: If the tale of a ruffian's change of heart has to work, it should involve moments overwhelming in nature. In Aneesh Anwar's Mullamottum Munthiricharum , these moments are scarce, despite being backed by a central character who invokes dread, pity, anger and sometimes good humour.Indrajith effortlessly absorbs the essence of Churuttu Jose. He appears strong and stern. His skin has a deep brown tinge, he smiles rarely and has an irascible temper. Jose has to go through anger, anguish and agony and Indrajith does justice to his role.Meghana Raj plays a poor, country girl yearning for help. However she does not conceal her coloured, finely pruned strands of hair even while donning the garb of a quintessential village girl. Villainy is vested with Ashokan and Tini Tom who laugh aloud, shout louder and work out their schemes without any apparent risks.In a script that resembles a placid lake, even the mild ripples caused by Indrajith go unnoticed. The green backdrop and village scenery is left idle as the camera fail to etch their essence. Aneesh Anwar's unwanted haste in piecing together sequences results in a film that is nothing more than a tepid affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "14917405", "title": "Train runs over two at unmanned signal", "text": "Midnapore: Two persons, including a child, were killed and another critically injured after being hit by an express train at an unmanned level crossing near Bankra railway station in West Midnapore on Saturday afternoon. Services on the Kharagpur-Bhadrak railway section were disrupted for about four hours after the local residents squatted on the track protesting against the accident.The incident took place around 1.15pm when the victims identified as Sachin Jana (31), his niece Riya Dutta (5) and her father were crossing the Jathageria level crossing.Locals rushed them to Kharagpur Railway Hospital where Sachin and Riya were declared brought dead. Manik is reported to be critical.Locals alleged that accidents were commonplace at this unmanned crossing and despite several appeals, the railway authorities had not taken any initiative.South Eastern Railway PRO, Soumitro Majumdar, said, \"Railway services were disrupted following the blockade. We are looking into the allegations by the locals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14942621", "title": "A special aarti will take place at Jhulasan for Sunita Williams' safety", "text": "Palanpur: At her ancestral village of Jhulasan in Kadi taluka of Mehsana district, people are praying for the safe return of Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams , who will take off for her second expedition on Sunday morning for six months. \"The villagers held yagnas and lit a round-the-clock diya,\" a resident of the village Vikramsinh Vaghela said. The diya was lit on Saturday afternoon after a large procession was taken out.\"It will continue to light till the time she departs. Also, a special aarti will take place in Gaurmata's temple at that time,\" village sarpanch Manishaben Patel said. The villagers proudly relate that Sunita's forefathers lived there and her father Dipak Pandya had settled in the US more than two decades ago after studying in Ahmedabad.\"Ever since the villagers learnt about William's six-month-long journey over a month ago, they started to offer prayers for her,\" Patel said. Born on September 19, 1965, Sunita has visited Gujarat thrice and is very eager to visit again.Principal of C P Gajjar High School in the village Ambalal Prajapati said over 700 students have been holding prayers every day for the safe return of Sunita. Husband of the sarpanch Prahalad Patel said, \"The students are eager to meet Sunita when she comes to the village.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14941032", "title": "Shankar\u2019s \u201cI\u201d first look unveiled", "text": "The first look of director Shankar's new movie \"I\", starring Vikram has been unveiled. The film has started shooting today (July 15) at a private studio in Chennai and the makers have unveiled the first look poster of the film. This romantic thriller is produced by Oscar V Ravichandran and the trio is coming together \"Aparichitudu\". Shankar is pretty happy with the way the script has turned out and the unit is gearing to leave to China for the foreign schedule.Amy Jackson is the leading lady and she plays the role of an international model in this film. AR Rahman is scoring the music while PC Sreeram cranks the camera. The makers have roped in international technicians for this movie, which also stars Suresh Gopi and Ramkumar in pivotal roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14914990", "title": "Bar Council of India chairman opposes judicial standards accountability bill", "text": "Bar Council of India (BCI) chairman Manan Kumar Mishra said on Saturday that the BCI was in principle opposed to the Judicial Standards Accountability Bill, 2010, as it gave politicians the power to finalise appointments of judges. Mishra said that the BCI would strongly oppose the bill.The council had earlier given a nation-wide call to lawyers to abstain from work to protest against the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2010, which seeks to divest the elected, statutory lawyers' body of its jurisdiction over legal education.Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar suggested that experts from various fields be made in charge for appointing judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14904136", "title": "How Facebook, Twitter can affect your job", "text": "If social media websites like Linkedin, Twitter and Facebook can help you find a job and build your corporate network, when used the wrong way can also backfire and jeopardize a job offer or even your current job told experts to TJinsite, research and knowledge arm of TimesJobs.com.It is therefore important to be careful and consider what you shouldn't do, as well as what you should do, while using social media to search a job or anything concerning your employment or employer.\"Rants about your boss or your job, which were once reserved for after-work drinks are now being voiced in the social media sphere. Workplace complaints are surely not good for your social profile\", remarked Gitanjali Puri, Director-Marketing, CSC India.Adding further, she advised employees to be really careful about what they tweet. \"Hiring managers and bosses are using Twitter, too, and if you say it someone will probably read it. Tweets show up in Google search and you don't want to lose your job because you didn't think before you tweeted, even if you hate it.\"In view of Faisal Farooqui, Founder, Mouthshut.com, \"The most important thing amongst social media etiquettes is to avoid making irrelevant posts, in any careless moments. In the social sphere, you are watched by just not friends and family, but also by your current and future employers.\"He also mentioned that nowadays HR managers do a routine check of the candidates' social media profile pre and post hiring. So, don't post anything that you can't justify or can cause embarrassment.Employees should not disclose company's confidential information on the social networking sites or if necessary should add disclaimer.According to Sundararajan Narayanan, VP and Global HR Head, Virtusa Corporation everyone in a company has access to information now; not just leadership team. That shouldn't be parked at social media platforms.\"So, it makes sense to encourage learning and knowledge about best practices, and make employees aware about the company's social media policies.\"In conclusion, social media is testing the limits and boundaries of professional versus personal worlds. The faster both employer and employees understand this space and follow some basic rules, social media can become a great way to engage and connect with team members.Most important It should go without saying, but don't ever use racial or ethnic slurs, slam others with personal insults and obscenities or engage in conduct that would not be acceptable in the workplace or anywhere elseRemember to be considerate of other people's sensitivities to certain topics like politics or religion, too. Therefore, think before you hit \"post\"Before commenting in a public forum, remember that you are representing your company. Join online groups on social or professional networking sites with care. The rest will fall into placeDon't pick screen names for which you would have to defend yourself.Companies monitor what their employees are up to on social media. The reason is simple: what you voice out there might in somewhere reflect the values of the company. Do not tarnish the image of your organization in public view.--Text courtesy: TimesJobs.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920169", "title": "Tribute to French composer Debussy", "text": "PANAJI: On the occasion of the 150th birth anniversary of the great French composer Achille-Claude Debussy, Alliance Francaise, Panaji, Child's Play (India) Foundation and the Fundacao Oriente will organize a 'tribute event to Debussy' on July 21, at 5.30pm, at Fundacao Oriente premises, Fontainhas, Panaji. Entry is free.Public speaking course for adults:Live Life and Workplace India are conducting a four-month certificate course 'CAPS-Communication and public speaking' for adults and college students at Vasco, Margao and Panaji and Vasco. The classes will be conducted in the evenings. The programme is designed to help overcome stage fright and enhance communication and public speaking skills. Classes will at Margao on Thursday at BPS Club, at Ponda on Friday at the IMA Hall, at Vasco and Panaji on Saturday at the Rotary Hall (Tilak Maidan complex) and SAG conference hall, Campal. A four-member team of trainers will guide the participants. Details and entry forms of the programme are available at BPS Club in Margao, Raj Travels (near Azad Maidan) in Panaji, Goa Optics in Vasco and Nalanda Book store in Ponda.Monte de Guirim past pupils' meet: The annual general body meeting of the Monte de Guirim Past Pupils' Association will be held on July 29, at 10.30am, at the conference hall of St Anthony's High School, Monte de Guirim. The meeting will be preceded by a Eucharistic celebration at 9.30am at the school chapel, states a press note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14940130", "title": "Taki tryst for Ritwik flick", "text": "Ariver, an immersion and a childhood journey \u2014 Kamaleswar Mukherjee shot scenes of his film based on Ritwik Ghatak's life at Taki recently.The sequence Kamaleswar shot shows the childhood of Nilkantha Bagchi, the character inspired by Ritwik Ghatak and played by Saswata Chatterjee. \"The film is actually Nilkantha's journey through his mindscape. The film shows how he goes back to his childhood memories that still haunt him. We zeroed in on Taki as it is an amazing place on the banks of the Ichamati river. Bangladesh is on the other side. Nilkantha was born in Pabna in Bangladesh and later shifted to Moymansingha. So, this place helped us to show both places at one go,\" said the director.A boat-stealing sequence was also shot at Taki. \"Nilkantha remembers this vividly. He runs to a deserted house with his friend, where he gets the first glimpse of a riot. The Durga immersions that used to take place in his childhood are also vivid in his memory, We also shot that part. Dui Banglar bisarjan hoy ek i nodi te, which is unique. I wanted to capture that. They keep the idol in the middle of two boats and slowly the boats separate and the idol is immersed,\" he said. At the outdoor shoot, Kamaleswar also shot the folk song \"Namaz amar hoilo na aday\" by Goutam Baul.\"Swarnadeep, who essays the role of the child Nilkantha, has done a brilliant job. So has Ayush as Nilkantha's childhood friend,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14921428", "title": "Man struggles to get challan papers back", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The non-efficiency of a challaning officer of Sector-34 police station resulted in a resident of Ambala, Sanjeev Bakshi, to run from pillar to post to get his seized documents back on Saturday.Sanjeev was challaned for driving without helmet near Sector 34 and was asked to clear his challan from traffic police lines in Sector 29, on Friday. However, on Saturday, Sanjeev came to know that his challan had still not come to the traffic police lines in Sector 29 and was still with the challaning officer, head constable Rajinder Singh, of police station in Sector 34. When Sanjeev approached the police station in Sector 31, he found nothing as PS-31 personnel refused to acknowledge that the issued challan was slapped by policemen of their police station.Later, Sanjeev came to know that his challan is lying in police station in Sector 34 and finally managed to get his documents from there. Taking to TOI, Sanjeev said, \"I was asked to collect my documents from traffic police lines in Sector 29, but found them in Sector-34 police station after struggling for more than two hours.\"Senior police officials have passed strict instructions to all police station personnel to deposit the receipts of issued challans in traffic police lines, Sector 29, on the same day when challan is issued.The instructions were passed when challan books were issued to police station personnel authorizing them to challan traffic offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14941320", "title": "Murder accused shot dead", "text": "SILCHAR: A miscreant accused in a case of murder was shot dead by suspected members of his rival group at a village in Karimganj district early on Saturday.An officer at Bazaricherra police station said at 1 am on Saturday, a group of 15 armed miscreants, in camouflage attire, raided the house of Ajir Uddin at Sashinagar village in the locality where Jalal Uddin (45), an accused in a murder case, was taking shelter for the past one month.The miscreants barged into the house by breaking the main door and tied the hands and legs of all members of the house with the help of a rope. They later dragged out Jalal Uddin outside the house and pumped bullets into his body from a close range. The gang members decamped well before locals gathered there by hearing gunshots and cries of victims.Police soon rushed to the spot and has started a hunt for the killers. However, no one has been arrested till last reports came in on Saturday evening.Police and locals rushed Jalal Uddin to Patharkandi Government Hospital where he was declared dead. His autopsy was conducted at Karimganj Civil Hospital during the day, a source said.Sources said Jalal Uddin was accused of murdering Kabir Hussain, another miscreant, on May 15. While Mastu Mian, another accused in the Kabir's murder, was arrested, Jalal, a resident of Kilorbandh village near Patharkandi, was on the run. He was taking shelter in the house of Ajir Uddin, his brother-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916418", "title": "Youth arrested for raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 14-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her neighbour in Mundka, southwest Delhi, on Friday night when she was alone at home. The 21-year-old accused has been arrested.\"The accused had forcefully entered her house and then raped the girl, a Class IX student in a government school. She was earlier harassed by the accused,\" said a senior investigating officer.When her parents returned home, the girl told them about the incident and the father went to police. \"We conducted a medical test of the girl and doctors have confirmed rape,\" said the officer.In another incident, three sweepers of the south Delhi corporation have been arrested from Vasant Kunj in south Delhi for allegedly molesting a married woman.The accused, identified as Raghuveer, Manoj and Ashok - in their early twenties, attacked the woman when he was going home with her husband on Friday night.\"The victim's husband reported the incident to the Vasant Kunj police station and the accused were arrested within hours of the incident,\" said a police official. The accused were drunk when they were arrested, the official said. \"They attempted to sexually assault the victim but she managed to flee with her husband,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14922220", "title": "Nashik to host last leg of national car rally this December", "text": "NASHIK: The fourth and last leg of the national car rally this year will be held in Nashik. The 2012 edition of the Indian National Rally Championship, which is one of the most popular four-wheeler rallies in India, will be kick-started on September 21 at Bangalore, to be followed by Mysore (Oct 19-21), Chickmagalur (Nov 16-18) and Nashik (Dec 21-23). This year, only four events will take place, unlike last year when there were eight legs.The new rule of hundred percent dirt-track routes has forced many other centers to back out, as according to Ashwin Pandit, the newly-elected councilor of the FMSCI and the chief of the Nashik-based motor sports body Western India Sports Association (WISA), \"The 100-percent dirt-track rule has made many sports bodies turn their back on this very popular event at the last moment. It is very difficult to get a very long barren stretch of land of around 800-1,000 acres to create a track for races like this.\"When asked about WISA's plans to hold the last and fourth leg of the event in Nashik this December, Pandit's reply was, \"We have more or less finalized a deal with some land-owners who own big pieces of land near Rawalgaon in Malegaon, Nashik district. We are sure they will cooperate.\"If this deal succeeds, then WISA and Nashik will witness the top-most drivers in India in no-holds-barred action in the INRC for the eleventh year in a row since 2001, when it was conducted for the first time. WISA has already bagged the best organizer award as many as five times so far.The WISA, in addition to fixing the dirt-track deal, will also have to find the sponsors, as some top sponsors who were supporting the event have withdrawn due to financial constraints and the gloomy fiscal situation in the country.\"To organize such a huge event, any firm requires manpower and a very strong financial backing. We in the WISA are lucky to have both. I am confident things will fall into place by December and Nashik will see the INRC in all its colours,\" said Swati Pandit, the director of the WISA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14947866", "title": "KK get floored by Ajith", "text": "Actor Krishnakumar aka KK was floored by Ajith's kindness recently.The shoot of Billa 2 was going on, and it was a fight sequence involving Ajith and KK, where Ajith was supposed to stab the latter with a knife. The knife didn't have a blade, but KK got injured on his foot by its haft. \"My foot started bleeding but I ignored it, since injuries are common in film sets. What surprised me was the reaction of Ajith, who rushed to the spot, full of apologies. \"He didn't rest until he had personally attended to my injury and dressed it. I was amazed at the humility of the actor. He could have ignored the whole thing or just asked for help.\"During the entire shoot, Ajith was extremely friendly and never threw airs, he adds. KK plays a cop in Billa 2 , which is a prequel to the original.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14952077", "title": "Sharwanand goes bilingual", "text": "Actor Sharwanand has been keeping a low profile since the debacle of his last release, \"Nuvva Nena\". The actor however, has quite a bit on his plate currently, and seems to have a foot each in the Telugu and Tamil industries. He has just begun shooting for his maiden production, \"Ko ante Koti\". Yes, Sharwanand has turned producer and has started his own production house along with some friends. He is playing the lead in the flick, directed by Aneesh Kuruvilla of \"Avakaya Biriyani\" fame. Touted to be an edgy thriller, the film has Priya Anand playing the female lead. The talented actor is also simultaneously shooting for a Tamil rom-com, \"JK Enum Nanbanin Vaazhkai\", with director Cheran. Nithya Menen is playing the female lead in the movie, which will be released in Telugu as well. GV Prakash is composing the music for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14940171", "title": "Air India's winter flight schedule hit due to suspense over availability of pilots", "text": "NEW DELHI: The scheduling of international flights, including those to new destinations, which Air India will fly this winter has been affected as the fate of 101 sacked pilots still hangs in balance.The availability of the exact number of pilots is a crucial factor in deciding how many flights an airline would be able to operate.\"We are facing a peculiar problem right now. We know the number of aircraft we will have, but we still can't plan our winter schedule. This is because the management is yet to take a decision on taking back the sacked pilots,\" an Air India official said.A total of 101 pilots, owing allegiance to the Indian Pilots Guild, were sacked during the 58-day long strike that was recently staged over career progression and other issues. The matter is also pending before the Delhi high court.\"We don't know how many pilots would be available to us for winter schedule. Even if they are taken back, it will take about two to three months for them to clear all the necessary formalities and resume their active duty,\" the officer said.\"This suspense is also creating hurdles in announcing new international flights, like those to Melbourne, which we had planned very early. If the situation persists, then we would not be able to reap benefits,\" he said.Maintaining that the pilots have to be informed at least a month before their scheduled date of operation for an international flight, he said the winter schedule, beginning in October, has to be cleared by aviation regulator Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).The national carrier had been operating 38 out of 45 international flights as part of its contingency plan, which has been extended till August. These flights are being operated by about 120 executive pilots, who are in the management cadre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14920993", "title": "Plea against legal assistance to mantris under fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: A public interest petition has been filed in high court challenging the recent decision of the state government to extend legal support to those ministers who have received notices from Supreme Court for their alleged role in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.The petitioner, social activist OM Debora, described the decision of the government as unconstitutional as the state is not a party in the case before Supreme Court.Nellore resident P Sudhakar Reddy had filed a plea questioning CBI's decision not to probe the role of the six ministers and eight IAS officers in issuing the 26 government orders (GO) that form the crux of the illegal assets case.Supreme Court issued notices to all the above who now have to defend their actions in court, the petitioner said.However, upon a representation by ministers Kanna Lakshminarayana, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, J Geeta Reddy, Sabita Indra Reddy and Dharmana Prasada Rao, the government announced that the state exchequer would bear the legal expenses incurred by the ministers.The petitioner, however, has argued that since all the officials and ministers concerned were respondents before the apex court in their individual capacities, they could not expect the government to help with their defence, the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14919950", "title": "VGG demands probe into industrial plot allocation", "text": "MARGAO: Village Groups of Goa (VGG) has demanded a thorough probe into the allocation of industrial plots by the Goa Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC), especially plots that were transferred to persons for purposes other than industrial use.Addressing mediapersons in Margao on Saturday,VGG, a consortium of NGOs across the state hailed the initiative taken by the chief minister and chairman of GIDC Manohar Parrikar , but urged the CM to do more.\"The GIDC which is an arm of the government has been functioning in the most non-transparent and arbitrary manner in violation to the GIDC Act and in violation to the terms and conditions laid down in the citizen's charter,\" said VGG member Franky Monteiro.VGG demanded a probe into the allotments made to the kith and kin of officials and directors of the board.VGG claimed that plots had been allotted for warehousing, installation of mobile towers, car showrooms which did not come within the defination of industry and demanded an investigation of allotments of areas marked as open spaces and utility plots in the plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14951838", "title": "Laila Khan murder case: Parvez Tak's confession", "text": "MUMBAI: Laila Khan, her mother Saleena's and as well her sisters-Zara and Asmina's nightlife, their friendship with several men and an un-Islamic life, false promises and their lies triggered anger in Parvez Iqbal Tak who in order to teach the family a lesson killed them one by one.TOI gets hold his 12 page detail statement which unfolds his 32 years of life starting from a small village of Kshitwar in Kashmir and ending with the six murders and fleeing to Nepal. Tak, a tenth failed from government high school Kshitwar in Kashmir is born 1980 in a poor family of a carpenter Iqbal Mohammed Tak and mother Sakina and a younger brother Riyasat.In 1998 after failing the 10th exam, he dropped out and started working with his father as a carpenter. His father used to take government contracts for making furnitures in the valley. In 1999 he took up a job at Jay Prakash Bijlee power project at Kishtwar but within two years he left the job as he was not satisfied with the money.In 2004 he got the government contract of road near his village. The valley was heavily under the influence of Lashkar-e-Taiba , a terror outfit and Tak said that he often saw Saeed Hafeez who was one of the main conspirators of 26/11 terror attack.Tak said that local Congress MLA Gulam Ahmed Sururi helped him with the road contract. Hafeez group had threatened him to stop the road work because if the road cum bridge was built the army would easily come there and hamper Laskar's activities.Despite this threat he continued to work until in August 2004, he was kidnapped by a terrorist named Javed who confined him to a room for three days. Tak alleges that he requested Javed to free him and he would arrange Rs 5 lakh in return and he was freed.Between 2005 to 2007 he got lot of contracts and came close to MLA Sururi.Parvez became financially strong and thought he too could become a politician and in 2007 went to Delhi and joined NCP through a local leader Mohammed Ashrafi. And Ashrafi introduced him to Saleena Patel.In 2008 Tak stood for the election from Inderwal constituency no 52 from Kshitwar and lost. He told that he spend Rs 10 lakh and was under debt. The same year he met Saleena in Delhi and told her that he was disturbed. Saleena asked him to come to Mumbai with the video clippings of the election campaign as she would try to help him some donation.Saleena asks Tak to stay in her Mira road flat where they get into physical relationship.On Tak's insistence, Saleena's friend arranges a kazi and duo get married. Duo goes to honey moon to Mahableshwar. Tak often drives down from Mira road to Saleena's daughter Laila's flat in Oshiwara where he sees a man by name Asif Shaikh whom Saleena introduces as her brother.In 2010 Tak sees Asif and Saleena in compromising position in bedroom for which he objects and argues with Saleena. Saleena breaks down and says that Asif is her 2nd ex-husband. Tak asks Saleena about Rs 3.6 lakh. Saleena says that money will be spend on joining gym, acting classes and dresses for himself to get a break in Bollywood.Tak raises objection to Saleena's daughters late night parties.In April 2010, Saleena starts renting out bungalow for parties for Rs 25,000 per night.Tak objects to it saying that giving their home for liquor sex and women was not religious.He calls his friend Shakir Hussain from Kashmir to work as caretaker of the house.In July 2010, Tak learns about a man name Sonu in Laila's life. Sonu wants to keep relationship with Laila without Nikah, upsets Tak. Tak argues. Tak says that in September 2010, Sonu offered to take Laila and her family to Dubai. Sonu had taken their passports for visas.Tak is upset again as Asif is seen in the house. Tak is more upset on learning that family had plans to go Dubai and settle. Moreover, they were not taking him and secondly Saleena gives the power of attorney to Asif instead of him as he believed he was the head of the family.In February 2011, Tak chalks out a plan with Shakir. He told Saleena that there is water shortage in the bungalow and hence he was building an underground water tank storage inside the compound and digs a huge pit 8x 8 and six feet deep.Finally Feb 2, as per plan, he tells Saleena that as they were separating and they should have a farewell party.Saleena and Reshma alias Tali joins them on Feb 2 but he is waiting for all of them to assemble at one place-Laila's farmhouse in Igatpuri.On Feb 7 Tak along with Saleena and Tilu returns to Laila's Oshiwara flat after waiting for four days. Tak is shocked to see Asif in the house. He tells Laila and others to go ahead, he was tired of driving and will take a rest and come next day. Laila, Imran, Zara, Asmina goes in Scropio car while Saleena, Tak and Tuli stays back.On Feb 8 Saleena Tak and Tuli reaches farm house in afternoon. They have party music, dance and barbeque food till late night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917213", "title": "One killed in robbery bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A shoe-factory employee was stabbed to death after he tried to stop some goons from looting his salary, police said. The incident took place around 11pm near the Alipur police lines in outer Delhi. The 19-year-old victim was robbed of Rs 9,000 cash and stabbed repeatedly with a knife.According to police officials, atleast two men were involved in the crime and they are also investigating the angle of personal enmity. The victim, Amit Kumar, was returning to his rented accommodation in Tigri village on Friday night when two goons stopped him at an isolated spot and stabbed him in the leg. Kumar is from UP and worked in a private factory in Alipur.\"The accused left the spot after the loot and left Kumar bleeding. A passerby spotted Kumar and informed the police. Kumar, however, succumbed to his injuries due to excessive bleeding\", said a senior officer.\"We have not ruled out the victim's personal enmity angle in the case though some cash was missing from his possession,\" the officer said adding they have detained some persons and are questioning them in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920394", "title": "Taluka-wise procurement centres for veggies soon", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state horticulture corporation is planning to start procurement centres in each taluka for vegetables produced by registered farmers at prefixed prices. However, the scheme is still in the drafting stage. The horticulture corporation has about four schemes. Under the assistance for promotion of vegetables with assured market scheme, vegetables are procured by the corporation from local farmers at prefixed rates. Under the assistance for solar-powered cold carts, battery operated solar-powered cold carts are provided to the vendors for selling fruits and vegetables. The carts are mobile and mounted on paddle operated tri-cycle.In the scheme for assistance for cultivation of vegetables by self-help groups or individuals, assistance of 80,000 per hectare is provided for self help groups or individuals for cultivation of vegetables. Under the scheme for provision of vegetable vending carts, vendors on these carts are provided with identified vegetables under the 'scheme of government intervention for control of price rise' for sale at controlled rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14915374", "title": "Khadakwasla water for Pune", "text": "City MP Suresh Kalmadi has demanded that the water in Khadakwasla dam be used only to meet the drinking water requirements of Puneites. Kalmadi met district collector Vikas Deshmukh to raise the matter of the proposal to release 0.5 TMC water from Khadakwasla for Daund and other villages that are facing acute water shortage. Kalmadi demanded that the water from Khadakvasla dam must not be given to other areas as there has been only 9.5% rain in July in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915319", "title": "HC seeks state's stand on Plus One admissions", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court has sought the stand of state government's department of education on a petition challenging the switching over of students, who passed Class X through school-administered CBSE exams, to state syllabus for pursuing studies at Plus One.Considering a petition by Kolenchery-based Teachers Club and two students, a division bench comprising acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique ordered to issue notices to secretary of department of education, and director of public instruction (DPI).In the petition filed through advocate P K Ibrahim, Teachers Club has contend that admission of CBSE students, who passed Class X through school-administered examinations, in Plus One courses of the state board is causing injustice to students who passed state board's exams.According to the petitioners, answer sheets of examinations conducted by state board and CBSE are evaluated through a centralized system maintaining strict confidentiality whereas in school-administered exams, answer sheets are evaluated by the staff of the respective schools.Thus, students passing through school-administered exams have the possibility of getting a higher grade when compared to students appearing for state board and CBSE board exams, the petitioners said. They also said that according to CBSE norms, students who pass Class X under CBSE syllabus are required to continue their education in CBSE stream itself.The certificate issued by CBSE doesn't specify whether the exams attended were evaluated by school or CBSE- board. Hence, the switching over of students, who passed in school-administered tests, to Plus One under the state board, adversely affects the prospects of students who qualified under state board or CBSE-administered exams, the petition said.The petitioners are seeking an order to identify students who passed Class X under CBSE through school-administered tests and cancel admissions granted to such students to various higher secondary schools under the state board for the academic year 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bundi (rajasthan)", "code": "14951836", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Women's panel team to submit report tomorrow", "text": "BUNDI (RAJASTHAN): A National Commission for Women (NCW) team which visited Guwahati to probe the molestation of a 17-year-old girl will submit its report on Monday.Expressing deep concern over the \"shameful\" act of molestation of a teenager in Guwahati openly, NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma has said here \"the report by the NCW members would be submitted on Monday to the commission\".Action would be taken against the culprits within 10 days of the submission of the report, she told reporters here on Sunday.NCW members visited the victim and personally met her on Saturday and assessed the entire situation. The team would fly back to Delhi on Sunday and would submit the report on Monday, she said.Asked about NCW's strategy to check such acts of molestation and harassment against women, she said the commission takes cognizance of such matters and legal awareness camps and training programmes are being organised to address such issues.Police had said that some girls and boys, apparently known to each other, had entered a bar in Guwahati on Monday night, where they subsequently had a brawl and were forced outside by the establishment's security.When they came out on the streets, local people taking advantage of the situation pushed and pulled one of the girls and attempted to strip and molest her.The incident led to a public outcry after a video of the assault, recorded by a TV channel, was uploaded on Youtube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14917753", "title": "Colouring their way back into a new way of life", "text": "JAIPUR: Colours are slowly crawling their way back into the dull and stigma-ridden lives of several convicts at the Jaipur Central Jail.Under a new initiative, selected inmates, including under trials, are being taught painting by one Yashwant Srivastav, a post graduate student of Rajasthan School of Arts.Man Bahadur Thapa (35), who is serving life term for murdering someone with a hammer, now wants to devote all his energies towards pursuing his passion for arts.Popularly called 'Guruji' by fellow inmates for his painting skills, Thapa said, \"I was a professional cook. I admit that murder was a mistake and that's why I am in jail. I have always had a passion for drawing and painting.\"Thapa, in the past, has sketched portraits of Maharana Pratap, Subhash Chandra Bose and Mother India. However, it is the Indian mythology that has now captured his imagination. Thapa is now trying to depict figures from the Mahabharata on his canvases. \"Such creative pursuits are a great stress buster,\" said Thapa, who's been in the jail since 2002.He is all praises for the art teacher. \"He is a very nice man. He has helped me brush up my skills. He taught us the basics so well that nobody thought painting was a tedious task.\"The 40 selected inmates on Thursday were seen sitting at the jail's auditorium giving final touches to their paintings.\"For a moment's mistake, we have to face the consequences throughout our life,\" said Chetan Meena, a 30-year-old inmate serving life term in a murder case for the past six years. \"Painting and drawing is my way of remembering the God,\" he said.For 33-year-old Abhishek Bajaj, painting is one way to unleash the pent up frustration and stress. \"Through painting, I want to bring out all my emotions on the canvas,\" said Bajaj, an under trial in a case of abetment of suicide of his wife.Director General (jail), Omendra Bhardwaj said the jail authorities are planning to talk to an art gallery which can mount an exhibition of the inmates' works.\"In the initial stage, we wanted a professional to train the inmates. In the later stages, we are looking at organizing an art exhibition of their works, and if possible also allow some of the inmates to visit the gallery,\" Bhardwaj said. Srivastav is elated at the response to the workshop. \"When DG (Jail) invited me to teach the inmates painting, I was a bit apprehensive. But, all my students are disciplined and are hungry to learn more,\" he said.Sixty-year-old Surendra Mohan Singh, convicted for murdering his wife, was busy painting a herd of cows. When asked what he would do if his cows run away, Singh cheekily said, \"Yeh jail hai yahan se gaiya bhi bhaag nahi sakti.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tn)", "code": "14951392", "title": "Five fishermen injured in Sri Lankan navy attack", "text": "RAMESWARAM (TN): Five fishermen were injured when they were attacked allegedly by Sri Lankan naval personnel near Katchathivu islet near the island nation.They were part of a group of 2,788 fishermen who had gone out to sea in 697 boats yesterday, fisheries department officials said.The officials said Sri Lankan Naval personnel came to the area in four patrol vessels, fired in the air and surrounded them. They later boarded a boat and beat up the five fishermen with sticks, damaged their nets and threw the nets into the sea.In another incident, fishermen in 10 boats off this coastal town were warned at gunpoint not to cross the International Maritime Boundary Line, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14919430", "title": "Trichy-Tirunelveli intercity express flagged off", "text": "TRICHY: The long-awaited demand of having a day train to Tirunelveli from Trichy through Madurai was realized on Saturday with the flag off of the inaugural run of the intercity express. With this introduction, there will now be a total of three express trains originating from Trichy, the others being Pallavan and Cholan.DMK's Rajya Sabha MP Trichy N Siva and the AIADMK's state minister for school education, youth and sports N R Sivapathy shared the dais at the occasion while local AIADMK MP P Kumar and divisional railway manager Manjula Rangarajan, mayor A Jaya were prominent among the dignitaries to grace the function on platform No 1 of the junction railway station.However, the fact remains that Trichy, despite enjoying the distinction of being equidistant to its borders was neglected time and again, thanks to an absence of concerted political lobbying and the perennial one-upmanship of splinter groups, admit railway officials. On the contrary, a number of trains that earlier originated from Trichy were sadly cancelled once for all on the pretext of gauge makeover and the contingent requirement of a different locomotive. The Rockfort Express, then exclusively running between Chennai and Trichy, was cancelled in 2000 on the pretext of gauge makeover. It was extended up to Thanjavur in 2006 when it was reintroduced, and then to Kumbakonam in 2008.Moreover, the Cholan Express running between Trichy and Chennai via Thanjavur, Kumbakonam, Myladudurai, Chidambaram, Cuddalore and Villupuram did not stop at Ponmalai and Thiruverumbur lying on the outskirts of Trichy after the meter-to-broad gauge makeover. Nevertheless, the makeover instead of broadening the convenience of Trichy-bound passengers further aggravated the situation as the authorities cancelled the Trichy-Tiruppathi Express and the Trichy-Ernakulam Express was converted into the Ernakulam-Nagore Express. Likewise, the Trichy-Mysore Express was converted to Nagore-Madurai Express, leaving Trichy with the dilemma of having no train to go either to Tirupati or Kerala, nor are there any express trains originating from Trichy at night.While the political parties on Saturday tried to take credit for the Trichy-Tirunelveli Express, the complete neglect of Trichy was lost in the din of it all, observed a railway employee. \"This is not my achievement; it is all in the budgetary proposal. My job is just to ensure that the train runs on time,\" DRM Manjula told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921490", "title": "Kovai corporation to get aid, expertise from Manila body", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation has decided to seek assistance for external support and aid from the Philippines based organisation, Cities Development Initiative for Asia (CDIA). In a meeting convened between the two member team from CDIA and senior officials of the corporation, it was decided that there were ample scope for the participation of an external organisation to enhance the infrastructural projects being implemented in the city through various schemes funded by both the central and state governments.As of now the CDIA will participate in preparation of the revised city development plan and also ensure that a proper filtering and prioritisation of project plans will be conducted to ensure that the most apt and vital city specific projects are included in the document.\"We held a meeting with the city corporation commissioner and also the senior officials where the ongoing and the proposed infrastructure projects were discussed. The city corporation has decided to submit an application to our head office in Manila seeking our support in the implementation of projects in the city,\" said Balakrishnan Elangovan, senior programme manager, India Operations, CDIA.CDIA is an international partnership programme based in Manila which is supported by Asian Development Bank (ADB) and German International Co-operation with additional funding from the government of Sweden which assist medium sized Asian cities to prioritise their infrastructure projects in the most cost-effective manner. Paul Schuttenbelt, the South Asia coordinator of CDIA was also present at the meeting held at the Muncipal Corporation Head Office.After the meeting it was identified that there were four projects where Coimbatore corporation could seek external support from CDIA. These include the proposed 24*7 water supply project for which a Detailed Project Report (DPR) has already been sent to the state government for its approval. The CDIA could help the civic body in linking with financial agencies for support. Another project that was included in the discussion was conducting pre-feasibility studies for exploring the feasibility for investments in energy generation from municipal waste and other non conventional sources of energy. CDIA could also provide international expertise in the preparation of DPR by TWAD board for underground drainage work in the newly added areas of municipal corporation. The proposed monorail project was also mooted in the meeting but it is still in the initial stage.\"The engineer wing officials of the meeting also attended the meeting along with the senior corporation officials. Further discussions will be held in the coming days,\" said S Baskar, coordinator at IC Centre for Governance, anchor NGO for JNNURM projects of Coimbatore municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919617", "title": "JD(S) rallies to woo Muslims", "text": "BANGALORE: Ahead of the 2013 elections, the JD(S) is aggressively working on social engineering and an image makeover. On Sunday, it's holding an exclusive convention for Muslims.With two dominant castes -- Lingayats and Vokkaligas - polarized to a great extent, political parties are looking towards other groups. The JD(S) has earnestly begun wooing Muslims, who constitute 12 % of the state's population.JD(S) state unit chief H D Kumaraswamy has promised to field 15 to 20 candidates in the next assembly polls. Currently, it has one Muslim MLA of its total 26 members.\"The benefits meant for Muslims are not reaching them and they continued to be neglected. The Muslim convention is to unite them and press for their rights,'' said Kumaraswamy.Traditionally, Muslims have supported Congress. The emergence of Janata Parivar gave them an option. Over the years, with multiple splits, Janata Party had to face erosion in its earlier base. After the coalition government, most Muslim tilted towards the Congress, questioning the credentials of the JD(S).The party has realized that the political landscape of the state has changed dramatically in the last five years and hence is giving special emphasis for wooing Muslims. The party feels the Vokkaliga plus Muslim combination would help in capturing more assembly segments and thereby inch closer to assuming or partnering power. The BJP is wooing Lingayats, while the Congress is focusing on Dalits and OBCs.The Gowda clan has realized that the Muslim community in the state neither has a proper political representation nor a popular leader. It is a known fact that Muslims have never been able to get proportionate representation either in the assembly or in council in the post-independent history of the state. To be properly represented (if population is considered), Muslims candidates should win about 26 seats. But, at no time did the state assembly have so many MLAs. The maximum was 18 MLAs. In 1978Muslims are spread across the state and this is reflected in the seats that have returned Muslim candidates. They have been won by garnering votes from all communities. However, they are more in number in Dakshina Kannada, Bidar, Gulbarga, Dharwad, Kodagu, Haveri, Bijapur, Raichur, Ramanagaram and Bangalore rural districts. The JD(S) has planned to field more candidates from the community in these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14919664", "title": "Cops rescue minor girl at Arpora", "text": "MAPUSA: Anjuna police has rescued a 14-year-old minor girl from a house at Nagoa-Arpora on July 11.Police arrested a 67-year-old man in this connection and are in the process of recording the statements of all those connected in the case.According to Anjuna police, a child helpline team gave them a tip off about a minor child's abuse at Nagoa-Arpora and requested them to conduct a rescue. Accordingly, an Anjuna police team along with the child helpline team raided and rescued a minor girl aged about 14 years from the house of Felix D'Souza at Nagoa.There was also a complaint lodged at the Anjuna police station by the child helpline team that the victim girl was sexually abused. Acting on the complaint, the house owner Felix D'Souza was arrested.Presently, the child has been sent to the Apna Ghar protective home at Merces.During the course of the investigation by the Anjuna police, it was revealed that the child was restrained in a room similar to a scrap yard attached to the house. The conditions where the girl was staying were pathetic. The victim child was also not sent to school. \"We feel heartbroken to see the place where the girl was staying, it was similar to a scrap yard. It was in a very shabby state,\" a police officer said.Police sources also informed STOI that in another room attached to the room where the girl was staying, the accused used to reside.Police sources also said that the victim girl was sexually abused by the accused. Police will be recording the statements of the victim girl. Police were told by the accused that the girl was adopted by him.However, police said that there were no documents of the adoption of the child with the accused or his family.\"Further investigations are in progress and we are recording the statements of all those who are connected with the case,\" a police officer said. The accused has applied for bail and the matter has been kept for hearing on Monday at the children's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bibipur (jind)", "code": "14923640", "title": "Now, Haryana women conquer khap bastion", "text": "BIBIPUR (JIND): Over 200 women participated in a khap mahapanchayat for the first time and passed a resolution seeking slapping of murder charges against those encouraging female feticide at Bibipur village in Haryana's Jind district on Saturday.Leaders of over 100 khaps in the region attended the meeting to discuss the issue. Even though over 800 men also participated in the panchayat, women managed to raise their voice against the ill-treatment meted out to women in the society. Braving summer heat, women from nearby villages wearing traditional dresses came to the panchayat and showed their singing and dancing skills.For the first time in her life, an excited 98-year-old Santosh spent almost four hours with the khap leaders and addressed the gathering twice. \"I am happier today than even attending a marriage,\" said Santosh. But the panchayat refused to listen to the demand for women's rights in parental property and asked participants to focus only on feticide. Ritu Jaglan, a post- graduate from the village and the driving force behind the campaign, urged khap leaders to wake up and save the girl child.Girls, who came prepared with several cultural programmes, presented a play \u2014 'Beti hai Anmol' \u2014 to send out a message against feticide. But a few women complained they were not given enough time to express their feelings against discrimination in the society.Jagmati Malik, a participant from a neighbouring village, said, \"You talk about equality but don't want to give us equal time.\" Sheela, 62, who had prepared a speech and did not get a chance to address the crowd.Some leaders expressed concern over the plight of women. \"We take women out of home only when we go to a funeral,\" said Yudhbir Singh, general secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Jat Mahasabha. \"But I'd have been happier if a woman had presided over the panchayat,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14887151", "title": "Uday Chopra takes Nargis home", "text": "The newest playboy in town reportedly introduced the model-actress to his parentsJust a couple of days ago, TOI told you how Uday Chopra , once the quieter, lesser-known of the two brothers, is turning out to be the industry's rather unlikely ladies man. After dating Parineeti Chopra briefly, Uday was spotted at a cosy dinner with Nargis Fakhri.Earlier, the two were seen sipping coffee at a suburban five star. The latest TOI has is Uday took his newest girlfriend home to meet his parents last week; something he has never done before, not even during his much-publicised affair with Kajol's sister Tanisha Mukerji.Needless to say, people in the neighbourhood of the Chopras' iconic bungalow in Juhu were taken by surprise when Uday walked in, Nargis in tow, proceeding to introduce her to his parents Yash and Pamela.Apparently, Chopra Sr had just returned from the London shoot of his directorial next starring Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif . We can only imagine what his reaction may have been.As for Nargis, Uday ensured she was dressed for the part. \"Nargis was at her best, clothes and attitude wise. The introduction made it clear that Nargis is very special in Uday's life,\" a source close to the Chopras told TOI.HEARDTHIS? Looks like Uday is well over his break-up with Tanisha. Reportedly, the Neal 'N' Nikki jodi had been going strong for many years and was headed straight for the mandap until Tanisha insisted on a pre-nuptial agreement to secure her future in case things didn't go happily ever after.Our source said, \"He is very, very serious about Nargis. They share a lot of common interests. This relationship is definitely something special,\" quickly adding, \"But what's wrong if someone hangs out at a friend's place?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14918120", "title": "Disintegrated body of baby boy found", "text": "GURGAON: The disintegrated body of a newborn baby boy was found near a godown at Arjun Nagar. Police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons and are investigating.According to the police, one Ramlal, resident of Arjun nagar, noticed a newborn baby's body parts in a black polythene bag. He informed others and found two legs of the baby in the bag. At a distance, they found the head of the baby. After receiving the information, Rajendra Singh, SHO of city police station, reached the spot. \"We have lodged an FIR and are trying to look for the mother of the deceased baby,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14935958", "title": "Laila Khan murder: Mumbai crime branch team in Kishtwar to nab Parvez Tak's accomplice", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fresh development, the Mumbai crime branch on Friday sent a team to Kshitwar in Kashmir to trace Parvez Tak's accomplice Shakir Hussain Wani who assisted Tak in killing six of Laila Khan's family.Sources said that the Mumbai crime branch team will not take the assistance of the Jammu police to trace Hussain who is Kashmir based. There are reports that Hussain has fled away to Pakistan or Pakistan occupied Kashmir (POK) and hence it would be difficult to trace him.Tak told police that Hussain has been staying out from his home since the Jammu police started the trail of Laila's outlander car which was found abandoned in Kashmir. Further when there were reports of same car being used to ferry explosives used to the Delhi high court blast, Hussain went underground and never ventured even near his house. Mumbai police have asked the Jammu police to help them find out whether he has any offences registered against him in Kashmir.Tak said that Hussain hit, stabbed and killed Irman, Zara and Asmina. Tak may anything at this stage in the absence of Hussain and absence of any eye witnesses. Until we get Hussain and corroborate what he said with Tak, it would not be proper to say who killed whom but both have equally responsible for killing, dumbing their bodies and than trying to destroy evidence by setting the farm house on fire.'' Said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).On Thursday the crime branch added murder charges against Tak who was earlier booked for kidnapping Laila Khan family. Sources said that the police are now trying to figure out whether sections of theft can also be added as Tak and Hussain had indeed stolen any booty from Laila's Oshiwara flat in Andheri after the murder. Immediately after killing and burying their bodies, duo had gone to Laila's flat from where they believed to have stolen gold ornaments and cash totaling Rs 56 lakhs.Both then returned to Igatpuri from where they went to Ghoti village and hired two drivers-Mahboob Shaikh and Jhonny Girdar . Tak and Hussain with the help of the drivers drove Laila's two car to Kashmir. One of the two cars was outlander which was found abandoned by Jammu police.Investigating officer Sanjay More said that they are planning to make Asif Shaikh, Mahboob Shaikh and Jhonny Girdar as a witnesses to the criminal conspiracy of Tak.On Tuesday the crime branch officials with the help of local police dugged the pit inside Khan's farm house and recovered the skeletons. Police are likely to carry DNA test of Saleena's husband Nadir Patel to match with the DNA of skeletons. The six skeletons are believed to be of Saleena Patel, Laila Khan alias Reshma Patel, siblings Zara Patel, Imran Patel, Asmina Patel and cousin Sagir alias Tilu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "14920523", "title": "Vice-presidential poll: Yechury backs Ansari", "text": "GUNTUR: Clearing the clouds over backing vice-president Ansari for a second term, CPI (M) politburo member Sitaram Yechury said that it was his party that had first proposed Ansari's name for the VP post five years ago. Following the confusion caused by CPM general secretary Prakash Karat's statement that they are ready to back only a non-congress candidate, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called up Karat to seek his party's support for giving an extension to Ansari.However, clearing the ambiguity, Yechury told the media here on Saturday that they do not mind backing Ansari as the VP for another term since he was their nominee during the first term. The CPM leader said they have decided to support Pranab Mukherjee , UPA nominee despite him being a Congress leader keeping in view his vast political experience. He said that the party felt that Pranab's experience would help safeguard the constitution.Yechury, however, lashed out at the UPA's policies and poor governance in the last five years. He said that left parties would hit the streets in the national capital protesting against the anti-national bills that UPA government intended to introduce in the winter session of the parliament.He said that they would intensify the agitation across the nation if the Centre did not relent after their five-day protest near Parliament from July, 30. He criticized the union government for contemplating to introduce an anti-people food security bill, foreign universities bill, FDI in insurance sector, banking bill and pension bill in the next session of parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "14941802", "title": "Rain brings relief to Gumla farmers", "text": "GUMLA: The much-awaited rains that lashed the district on Saturday brought some relief to the farmers here.It was a heavy downpour for over one-and-half hours, tending to boost agro activities that had slowed down over the past few days. However rainfall was not uniform across the district.\"We hope the rainfall will brighten prospects of good harvest, this season,\" said Bhikhram Oraon, a Gumla block farmer.According to district agriculture science centre (ASC), there has been scattered rainfall in the district so far. Still there is hope of agro growth if there is sufficient rainfall in the coming days, said ASC scientist S Kumar.However, he added, the current spell has been life saving for the saplings. There is still time of about 25-26 days for sprouts transplantation, he said, advising the farmers to go for direct seeding (broadcasting) method for short duration (90 days) paddy seeds like Ashoka , Kalinga, Anjali in the present situation too. Hybrid and high yield varieties like Lalat and Abhishek takes 120 days to grow, he saidFor maize over 40% targeted area has been covered in the district while for paddy alone 1, 88,000 hectare has been prepared in the district. However, Saturday's rainfall will be advantageous to kharif pulses like urad, arhar and moong which are yet to be sown, said district agriculture officer, DN Manjhi.Saturday's rainfall will accelerate farm work which has been low so far, he said. Generally kharif agro works, including transplantation, gets completed by August 15 in the district, according to Champa Oraon, a local farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915834", "title": "Three held for selling drugs", "text": "KOCHI: The city police arrested three people, including an auto driver, in two separate incidents for allegedly selling ampoules, which fall in the category of narcotic substances, on Saturday.The arrested have been identified as Nisaj (30), an auto driver from Cherthala, Sherin (25) and Inshad (31).The city police said that they seized 50 ampoules from Nisaj, who has been under the observation of the shadow police for the past several days.Sherin and Inshad were arrested on a tip off received by the city police and they seized 30 ampoules from them. According to the police, the arrested people were allegedly selling ampoules to school and college students in various parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14944087", "title": "Prerna wants Shradhha Kapoor for her debut venture", "text": "After producing a romantic comedy serial, Aashik biwi ka and writing a novel, The word-keeper, Allahabadi girl Prerna Wadhawan is all set to turn director and try her luck in movies.But what is even more interesting is the fact that Shraddha Kapoor might play the lead role in this flick. \"Talks are going on and if all goes well then Shraddha might work in this project. Actually there is a little problem with the dates. I want to start shooting in October but she in not free during that time, so we are trying to find a solution,\" shares Prerna and adds, \"It is going to be a love story and I feel Shraddha is the right person to play the character which I have in mind. Moreover, since this would be my directorial debut too, I want the project to be really big.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14901551", "title": "Prabhu Dheva directs Virat Kohli", "text": "Prabhu Dheva is just back after directing his first advertisement film. The Rowdy Rathore director was in Bangkok last week to shoot with cricketer Virat Kohli for a shoe brand.Quiz him if he got Virat, who is known to be a good dancer, to dance and Prabhu says, \"Not at all. Now, people call me an action director. After Wanted and Rowdy Rathore , people think of me as someone better with action, as opposed to choreography. We shot an extensive stunt sequence in our two-day shoot.\"Prabhu says, \"It was something new for me and the good bit was that shooting with Virat was nice, we got along well. He is good in front of the camera. The advertisement featured him and a few models. We've tried to shoot it like an action sequence straight out of a Hollywood film.\"Meanwhile, the choreographer-director is set to kickstart his next flick in Hindi. \"It is the remake of my first film in Telugu, Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana , which was remade in Tamil as Unakkum Enakkum . It is a cute romantic story and I think Bollywood will like it,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14925162", "title": "Hiking is new de-stress mantra", "text": "THANE: Monday mornings are usually uninspiring for many rushing to work after a lazy Sunday.However, for Reuben NV starts the week's first day with a lot of motivation, having spent the weekend walking in salubrious surroundings and relaxing in the solitude of mountain tops in Thane, Lonavla or Pali.The senior art director with a portal firm, Reuben, has been trekking for the last 18 years. He joins a growing band of people from the urban heartland of Thane and Mumbai, who prefer the natural retreat to the idiot box.Monsoon trekking is fast catching up with hiking clubs and amateur groups organizing treks even for families. Many trekking spots are a short drive from the city, which makes several groups look forward to a rejuvenating weekend.\"Nature is the best stress buster. Initially, walks for about two to four hours with brief halts can be tiring. Over time many come back home refreshed and motivated to take on new challenges,\" said Reuben, whose hiking group, 'Unnecessary Hikers' has become 'one big family'.That trekking is gaining popularity can be gauged from a visit to popular spots such as Karjat, Neral, Lonavla, Malshej ghat, Shahapur and Yeoor forest in Thane, where families and youngsters assemble on weekends for a hike.Professional organizers of adventure sports and outdoor activities such as the Mumbai-based group, The Nomadic Quest, has started special monsoon packages where people are taken on a day-long tour to Tikona mountain near Kamshet, or Tung fort near Lonavla.Trekking club regulars feel the reasonable cost of a trip attracts many people.\"I go on treks twice a month and I have paid as low as Rs 200. It is easy on everyone's pocket and we get to enjoy amazing sights,\" said Kalpesh Prabhulkar, a resident of Vartak Nagar.Even for overstressed professionals of the corporate world, trekking has proved to be an effective tool. Salil Menon, a senior manager with an FMCG, said trekking brought clarity to his presentations.\"It is not only rejuvenating given the clean air and simple people in the villages, but trekking is all about team building and lending a hand to the weak,\" Menon said.\"Unlike the corporate world, which is competitive, trekking teaches you bonding with colleagues. A weaker team-mate is not left behind but is always cared for and everyone ensures that he reaches the mountain top along with the rest. It is a gives a new perspective in honing leadership skills,\" he added.\"Hiking introduces children to rural life and how to overcome the challenges of everyday living,\" Lalitha N, a trekking enthusiast from Thane, said.\"On occasions when we approach villagers, they are more than willing to cook and offer us waterIt is a new experience in humility and generosity,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14940348", "title": "Indore city residents are affectionate, sensitive", "text": "INDORE: \"Indore is a place where you still find people who are affectionate and sensitive to others emotions. I was born and brought up here and has watched the city grow and this has given me all the reasons to love it and be proud of it,\" says Ajay Bagadiya a lawyer and president of Indore High Court bar association.\"Despite being on the road to be a metro, Indore still enjoys a good level of closeness among the people. In fact Indore is the best place to develop personal relations with people; this is something big cities don't offer you\".Having completed his education from Indore Bagadiya considers it to be the new education hub for central India. \"The city always had the best of schools, I completed my schooling from Daly College and even today you see a large number of excellent schools around the town.\"While talking about Indore how can one miss out about its mouthwatering Malwa cusine? \"The city has one of the best food cultures and has among the best eateries in the country. Sarafa is there serving traditional snacks and food while Chappan is competing with celebrated MNC joints like McDonalds , KFC and Subway. One can never starve in Indore, no matter what part of the country he is from.\"Besides food and the people, Indore is also bestowed with a very moderate climate by nature. It has the best climatic conditions for a city growing so fast. Indore is situated on a plateau which makes its weather all the more moderate and pleasant.The lawyer based in Indore is thoroughly in love with the city \"I love my city and will continue to love it as long as I live\" says Bagadiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14919058", "title": "Rank list for vet courses announced", "text": "CHENNAI: The rank list for admission to veterinary and allied courses in the state has been released by Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University. Counselling for bachelors courses in veterinary sciences, food technology, poultry production technology will be held from July 24 to 26. The list has been uploaded on the university's officials website - www.tanuvas.ac.in.The cut off mark for BVSc and AH course in the open category is 195; 193.50 for backward castes; 188 for backward caste (Muslim); 192.50 for MBC (most backward class); 188 for SC (schedule castes); 186 for SCA; and 178.25 for schedule tribes. The university has called 976 students for counselling, but stated that students who have not received the call letters but have scored above the cut-off mark, may attend the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14897784", "title": "I\u2019m very scared of getting married again: Chahatt", "text": "Chahatt Khanna on the casting couch, acting offers and her fear about tying the knot again, in a chat with Neha Maheshwri BhagatInitially you were reluctant to continue with Bade Achhe Laggte Hain post leap. Did you feel sidelined in the show?I've never played a mom on screen before and I wasn't sure if I would want to play one at this young age. What if it harms my career? I did feel sidelined but I took it with a pinch of salt and waited patiently. When the show was offered to me, I was told that I will be the parallel lead in it though I didn't get much to do in it, once it went on air. But, now when my role is shaping up the way I expected it to, leaving the show didn't seem to be a wise idea.Don't you fear getting slotted in the moms' category now that you have agreed to be a part of the show post leap?I don't think now we should fear getting typecast. It also depends on how you look when you age on a show or play a young character. If I'm scared of the future, I wont be able to succeed in the present.On the personal front, you are dating actor Kanan Malhotra. Is marriage on the cards?Not yet, Kanan has signed a new show so it's not happening until next year end. Also our families have to approve of our relationship, which is more important than anything else.Are you a bit wary of tying the knot again since you have had a failed marriage?I'm very scared of getting married again. But when I see the good side of Kanan and his family, I feel relieved and fortunate.Do you feel that those divorced are treated differently in the industry?Everyone has been kind and supportive to me. I believe a woman who has dated five people in her life is no better than a woman who has dated just one guy, married him and then gotten divorced. Divorce is just another breakup and it cannot really harm your character.Your co-stars often complain about your short temper and say that you are extremely moody. Comment. I'm the most chilled out and jovial person to work with. Rumours are bound to float when you are a part of this industry. This at least is a decent rumour and I am glad that people aren't talking much bad about me.You were seen in movie titled Thank You. Why didn't it materialise into more films? I have been in both worlds and find TV to be comfortable and safer. Bollywood is a bigger business, which also means bigger compromises. I don't want to be part of the casting couch just to see myself on a bigger screen. Hence, Bollywood is not a place for me. I make almost the same money with a little less fame but with my dignity intact.Have you also faced the casting couch?Oh! a lot of times. I was offered the casting couch by the biggest names from Bollywood for roles. Many girls succumb to it but giving into their demands may not necessarily culminate into movies.Does it happen in TV too?It is an increasing phenomenon in TV. I hear that boys are more unsafe than girls in the television industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14939205", "title": "Only 'extreme' diktats of khap should be condemned: Ramdev", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Khap order in Uttar Pradesh's Baghpat village may have sparked a nationwide outcry, but Baba Ramdev has some good words about it. According to the Baba, any 'extreme' diktat of Khap panchayat can be condemned, but not everything because these try to protect age-old customs that are beneficial to people.\"I would not support the Khap panchayats if they come up with Tughlaqi decisions. But when they try to protect matters relating to our values, culture and ideals, they should be lauded,\" said Ramdev, who was here on Saturday on a day's visit to mobilise support for his August 9 movement in Delhi against black money.The Baba said the Khap panchayats discourage marriages within the same 'gotra' (clan). This has been scientifically proved because such marriages could lead to producing diseased and brainless children. \"This is a good work that Khaps do. But they also violate their mandate. So neither running them down nor accepting everything is a good idea,\" he said.Baba Ramdev took a dig at the prime minister for not doing anything about black money when his Pakistani counterpart had to go on the same issue. He said nearly 80% of black money stacked abroad is being routed to India through FDI. He said the UPA government should investigate the 'real sources and owner' of FDI funding. \"The movement launched against black money will help people decide which party should govern the country,\" he said.The Baba accused the government of following two sets of laws, one for the common people and the other for tax evaders. \"The common people are punished by the income tax department on small issues, but nothing happens to those who have stashed away thousands of crores of black money in foreign countries,\" he said.He said the August 9 movement would focus on the plight of farmers and demanded the government to set up a National Farmers Income Commission to examine the plight of farmers and come to their rescue. \"Nearly 40 to 50% farmers are forced to give up agriculture because they don't get the minimum basic price on their produce,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940358", "title": "CRPF trains tribal youths in job skills", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) will scale up employable skill development training of unemployed youths from Maoist areas, special director general of the paramilitary force P M Nair said here on Saturday.Speaking to around 200 tribal youths selected by the CRPF from extremism-hit districts for the training, Nair asked them to be the agents of change in their areas. \"You will improve your own life, that of your family's and community at large by learning employable skills. You will be the messengers of peace in your locality and tell people to shun violence and not get trapped by extremism,\" the CRPF special DG said. \"Livelihood skills will bring prosperity to you,\" he told them.The CRPF is currently training around 250 youths in different trades like security guard, data entry operator, electrician and masonry. As many as 1,000 tribal youths will receive such training this year. Fifty youths, who have been trained as security guards since May 15 have secured jobs.Another 40 are receiving three-month training as data entry operator since the same date. While around 30 girls are taking training as security guards at Jhirpani of Sundargarh district, another 50 girls are being trained in fabrication and welding.Interacting with the media, Nair said the CRPF is training the youths after gauging their work potential. \"Here is an opportunity for us to explore the work potential of the youths of an area. The Centre has been providing funds. CRPF with the help of the state government has tied up with NGOs to carry forward the skill development programmes,\" he said.To a query on use of aircrafts to tackle Maoists, he said, \"We go by government protocol. We can't use aircraft because it will result in civilian casualties.\" On whether logistics is a problem for paramilitary forces, Nair said it has certain challenges because the force moves from one place to another and has to arrange water and electricity every time. Speaking about CRPF's human rights records, Nair said the paramilitary force has not received single complaint of human rights violation in Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921273", "title": "Army's Strategic Forces Command can fire Agni-I on its own", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Strategic Forces Command (SFC) can now independently fire the 700-km range nuclear capable Agni-1 missile when the occasion arises. The SFC will need no help from defence scientists as the test firing of the missile from the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler island, Balasore in Odisha on Friday demonstrated that SFC had acquired complete knowledge of it.The SFC which forms part of the Nuclear Command Authority (NCA) in the country is the agency that will have to use the missiles if need arises.\"When the test firing was carried out by the SFC, we were merely spectators. The DRDO has developed the technology and the production facility of the missiles is in place. The SFC now has the capability to fire the missiles,\" DRDO chief and scientific advisor to defence minister, V K Saraswat told STOI by phone from Balasore immediately after the test firing of the Agni-I.Saraswat said the Agni-1 missile would add strength to the defence capabilities of the country. \"There are no more improvements needed for the Agni-1 as such but we have our own plans of developing variants,\" Saraswat said.In December last year, the Agni-1 was test fired by the Army as part of the training to be able to use the missile on its own. The Friday's testing fire was one more trial carried out by the user to the satisfaction of the defence scientists. \"Our satisfaction is complete,\" Saraswat said about the way defence personnel had gone about the task of test firing the indigenous missile.Avinash Chander, chief controller of R&D; (missiles and strategic systems) and director of Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL), Hyderabad, described the test firing of the missile by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) on Friday as a 'major step' in the preparation of the use of the weapon. He said the missile that was test fired was taken from the production line.Agni-1 is a 12-tonne, 15-metre long surface-to-surface ballistic missile which can carry payloads up to 1,000 kg.It may be mentioned here that the missile has been developed at the missile complex in Hyderabad with the Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL), Defence Research and Development Laboratory (DRDL) and Research Centre Imarat being involved in it. The production of the missile is also being done by the Bharat Dynamics Limited in Hyderabad.The Agni-1 missile was successfully flight tested from the launch complex at Wheeler's island off the coast of Bay of Bengal in Odisha. The missile took off at 10.06 am from a road mobile launcher and followed the path perfectly computed by the explicit guidance running in the state of art On Board Computers (OBC). Defence scientists said the missile reached the target point in the Bay of Bengal with a zero accuracy as witnessed by two naval ships located near the target.The missile test fired by the Strategic Forces Command as part of the routine training exercise met all the mission objectives. The Inertial Navigation System (INS) performed excellently and navigated the missile within a few meters from the intended target point. The Electro Optic Tracking System (EOTS) radars located all along the coast traced the missile and monitored all the parameters in real time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14917244", "title": "Foreign ministry fumes as sports ministry team ignores China snub", "text": "BEIJING: A visiting Indian delegation was surprised when a senior researcher from the state-run China Institute of International Studies began his presentation this week with a picture of a dog in a yogic meditative position in Beijing to underline his country's \"calm approach to security challenges\", including its border disputes with India.But the artificiality of the claim was evident a day earlier on Wednesday when New Delhi's Chinese embassy denied visa to a member of the delegation from Arunachal Pradesh. China claims Arunachal as a part of its territory and has often denied visas to residents from the northeastern state.Sports affairs ministry secretary Nita Chowdhury, head of the delegation, justified the decision to go ahead with the trip despite Beijing's snub saying there was nothing they could do as \"visas were issued just before we were to depart for the airport\". \"The visas were given at the last moment. There was no time to do anything,\" she said.Sources said the ministry of external affairs (MEA) is unhappy with the way the sports ministry handled the issue. Given Beijing's prickliness, no one from Arunachal should have been included in the team, or following the refusal, the trip could have been called off, sources said.Govt not told of visa denialChowdhury said she would inform the ministry of external affairs about the incident. But the sports ministry wasn't informed at least for a day about the refusal.A karate player from Arunachal Pradesh \u2014 which China claims is its territory \u2014 was refused visa last year and the visit of a delegation of civil servants was cancelled after an officer from the state was refused a Chinese visa.In Beijing, Jia Xiudong, a senior researcher from the state-run China Institute of International Studies, gave a presentation to the delegation and tried his best to convince the team about his country's position on the boundary dispute. He rubbished the \"string of pearls\" theory and emphasize that China was not interested in encircling India by getting access to the Indian Ocean and building influence in countries like Nepal and Myanmar.Chowdhury praised the presentation. \"They were very transparent. They said they accepted there was a boundary dispute. But they have resolved a border dispute with Russia and wanted to do the same with India,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14937873", "title": "BJP chief questions Time magazine's criticism of Indian PM", "text": "BHOPAL: Taking a stand which is at variance with his party's national leadership, Madhya Pradesh BJP President Prabhat Jha today disapproved of 'Time' magazine's criticism of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .\"No foreign magazine has a right to look down upon the Prime Minister of India,\" Jha said while talking to reporters here.The BJP leader said there can be ideological differences with the Prime Minister but these will be dealt within the country.Jha recalled that when Singh became Prime Minister in 2004, the same magazine had lauded him and expressed the hope that India would achieve high economic growth rate under his leadership.He said it must not be forgotten that America uses magazines like 'Time' to conduct its \"ideological warfare\".'Time' had flayed Singh and the UPA-II Government for failing to act at a time when India's growth was slowing down. The international publication had dubbed the economist-PM as an \"underachiever.\"BJP used the magazine's latest issue to attack the Prime Minister and his Government. \"It is sad that India is perceived as the one of the most corrupt countries in the world. Dr Manmohan Singh's Government is the most corrupt,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said early this week.\"Definitely, he is not an achiever.... All that he has achieved is corruption, scam and bad governance,\" another BJP spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi had said.Interestingly, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister and BJP leader Shivraj Singh Chouhan , too, had dismissed the magazine's criticism of the PM, saying \"we do not need a certificate from a foreign media publication for our Prime Minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14932755", "title": "I'm concerned about India not World: Aamir Khan", "text": "A dilemma that all mainstream media,including TV face is whats important isnt always the most interesting.Did that worry you when you were conceptualising Satyamev JayateI completely agree;it was a challenge.The advantage of TV is that its in every home.The disadvantage is: You don't have a committed viewer.Cinema has a viewer,who leaves home,travels to theatre,buys the ticket,commits to sitting there for two-and-halfhours.If its a bad film, hell abuse the hell out of you. If its really bad, he may leave half way through. But he still commit to you his full,undivided attention.The flip side to TV is that there are 120 channels,you can switch to any,there are other things you could be doing: cooking,the child may want your attention...Do you then wish to sit through an hour-and-half of somebody elses domestic violence issues You have to make that topic reach out to peoples hearts,hold their attention,take them along. In other words,I have to struggle with all my skill sets as a communicator and apply them in storytelling.Lets take the first episode on female foeticide.I could have started the episode with,Today were going to be discussing a grave issue,female foeticide: Kanya gunn hatya . Hamari mahilaon ke saath bahut atyachar ho raha hai.. . My guess is people wouldve tuned off in five minutes : Haan,mahilaon ke saath bahut problem hai. So how do we communicate this I ask the audience,who is the most important person in their lives.They all say, mother,quite naturally.Whatever we are is because our mothers looked after us.Otherwise we would've died.And then I ask them,How are we treating our mothers these days I don't say ,mahila , I say maa ,though I mean the same thing. I am being honest with accuracy of my research,which is the journalistic aspect.The creative aspect concerns how you convey it.Practically all your episodes stress on the individual being the change they wish to see.The pesticide episode seemed an anomaly.Theres little I can do about pesticides as an individual.What made you chooseThe subject We chose the topic because it is connected to each one of us at a basic level.We eat to survive.And the food were eating today is not free from chemicals and other poisons.This affects our health,our own future and of generations to come.We go to the market,shop for groceries, feel we eat a healthy diet.What healthy We haven't spoken to you about heavy metal contamination or genetic seeds.Those are other problems.But just by focussing on one aspect,we have made people aware of what we want to move towards,and how I can move towards it.How can I improve my food By asking for organic food.When you ask for organic food,you create demand for it.The supply gets created.It is also our policies that decide how much poison comes on our plate.As long as our policies state that we will give subsidies to farmers for chemical farming,but not for organic farming,what do you think the farmers will do Rs 83,000 crore of our money has been given as subsidies this year to farmers for chemical fertilisers through fertiliser companies.Do you genuinely believe organic farming can feed the world I'm not concerned about the world.I'm concerned about India.Do you believe pure organic farming can feed India 101 per cent.But before the Green Revolution in the 60s,we used to go with a begging bowl to the world to feed ourselves. My research throws up things that question that.India is ideal for organic farming.What is the average size of a farm in America Thousands of acres.Whats the average size of a farm in India Less than two acres.That is the size of a building compound.India is full of small and marginal farmers,and importantly,you now have modern methods of organic farming.Weve shown you examples of this.There is Hukumchand ,a hardcore farmer,who tells me his yield is the same with organic farming.In 2003,you had come on TV,putting your own credibility at stake,to give a clean chit to Coca Cola.It was found to have pesticides and insecticides 30 times more than permissible limits. Surely you faced flak from NGOs at the time.Did you also feel the need correct a perception I still stand by what I did then.When the issue of pesticides in cola came up,I was as concerned as anyone else.I called the Coca Cola people to explain their stance.They explained to me that pesticides exist in water.Pesticides are not added to Coke,or used in its manufacture.Pesticides are sprayed for agriculture.Therefore they go into the soil and ground water.That water they use for soft drink manufacture is put through five processes of cleaning.So,the content of pesticides in normal water actually gets reduced five times over. They also informed me that food has far more pesticides than cola,simply because in cola,the water is processed and cleaned.This is not possible for vegetables,fruits,grains,etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915007", "title": "Two decomposed bodies found in well", "text": "PUNE: The fire brigade removed two dead bodies from a well at a village in Shindewadi near Katraj Ghat on Saturday. The Rajgad police have identified the deceased as labourers Ramnath Gupta (23) and Kisan Deo Gupta (22), both residents of Shindewadi.Sanjay Ramteke, subdivisional officer of the Katraj fire station, said that the highly decomposed bodies had been tied together with rope. They were removed after villagers found them floating in the well.Fabrication contractor Manoj Kale, with whom the duo worked, has identified the deceased, he added.Sub-inspector Hanmantrao Shinde said the family members of the deceased had registered a missing person's complaint on July 12. Shinde said that the family members had earlier conducted searches to trace them till July 10, but in vain.According to Shinde, preliminary investigations have revealed that an unidentified person had murdered the duo after offering them liquor. \"We have registered a complaint of accidental death. A murder case will be registered after we get the post-mortem report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14936473", "title": "Foreigners too involved in crimes in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Foreign tourists from 50 nationalities were involved in crime cases in Goa in the last three years, the Goa assembly was informed.This information was given to an unstarred question tabled by Independent MLA from Fatorda Vijai Sardesai in the state assembly on Friday. He had sought information on the nationalities of theinternational tourists that are involved in crimes or criminal activity during their stay in the state during the last three years.While there is no information on the nature of criminal activities involving the foreigners, the list of nationalities named include Swiss, Australian, USA, French, German, Dutch, Norway, Portuguese,Swedish and Italian besides British, Israelis, among others. Sources however said some foreigners are caught for possession of drugs or for over staying while a few others for their involvement in brawls.To another question tabled by the same MLA, the government in a written reply said that for the six months of this year, there were 66 cases in which tourists visiting Goa were the victims mainly of thefts, burglaries and accidents among others.There were around 94 such cases in 2009, 163 in 2010 and 129 last year.Incidentally, earlier this month, the UK government had issued an advisory cautioning their nationals about cases of thefts, burglaries and other crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14917281", "title": "Sowing dips to alarming low levels, Centre pushes contingency plan", "text": "JAIPUR: The Union agriculture ministry has recommended a contingency crop plan for Rajasthan in view of an alarming rainfall deficit of 48% threatening to cause huge losses to farmers.The ministry has suggested varieties of crops that have shorter duration to tide over the delayed and deficit monsoon. The measures for the drought-like situation also include reduction of acreage planned earlier by the state. The Centre has made available 2.55 lakh quintals of seeds for distribution in the state.The recommendation for contingency cropping over 36.57 lakh hectares pushed for reducing the water guzzling paddy area from 1.3 lakh ha to just 19,500 ha. Likewise, it has asked the state to trim bajra acreage from 51 lakh ha to 30 lakh ha and jowar to 2.4 lakh ha.The state government has been asked to plant short duration hybrid varieties of moong in 2.05 lakh ha. The original target for moong cultivation has been fixed at 8 lakh ha.\"The contingency plan will give relief to farmers and help government to plan increased agricultural output in a better way. The state should immediately implement this plan,\" said R S Sharma, senior agricultural scientist, National Agricultural Policy Research Centre.The situation in Rajasthan is dangerously poised. The state government has targeted to achieve a crop-acreage of 150 lakh hectares. But till July 10, area under cultivation has reached only 14.92 lakh hectares, according the latest information available with the state's agriculture department.The coverage is only 10% of the total area planned by the state previously. By this time last year, 71.33 lakh hectares was sown.Deficient rain has affected guar sowing as 80% of the crop is cultivated in non-irrigated land. As against the target of 29.5 lakh ha, guar has been sown only in 1.1 lakh ha clouding the output forecasts. This has dampened the spirit of farmers who have nurtured high hopes from this leguminous plant. Farmers reaped dream returns last year when the prices of guar jumped 1000% times in just one year on the back of global demand. The guar gum, a derivative of guar seed, has great demand in US where it is used as sealant in oil wells.Besides, Rajasthan, the Centre has recommended similar crop wise contingency plans for Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh which have received deficient rain in this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14927305", "title": "Government nod for Mars mission soon", "text": "MYSORE: Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan on Saturday said the government's nod to the country's Mars mission is expected soon.\"India's much-awaited mission to Mars is in the final stage of approval,\" said Radhakrishnan. The mission will be launched from Sriharikota in Andhra either in November 2013, 2016 or 2018.\"Many studies have been done relating to this mission,'' said Radhakrishnan.A scientist on condition of anonymity said global interest and excitement following NASA's Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) landing on Mars on August 6 could prompt the Indian government to clear the programme. \"We're waiting to go to Mars,\" said a scientist.Initially, nine scientific experiments were designed for this flight. This could be reduced considering the weight factor. The rocket will be an advanced version of the highly-proven four-stage Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle, designated as PSLV-XL, used for India's mission to moon, Chandrayaan-1.Radhakrishnan said India's first dedicated astronomy satellite, Astrosat, will be launched in 2013. \"All the instruments are going through their final evaluation and it'll be a national laboratory available to scientists both in India and abroad,\" he said. The mission was delayed for various reasons. About the Geo Synchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark 2, he said the flight stage of the cryogenic engine should be ready in November 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14919189", "title": "Health secy stresses public-private partnership for health care upgrade", "text": "CHENNAI: An effective health care system is one that works on the public-private partnership model, said principal health secretary Girija Vaidyanathan.Speaking at the Tamil Nadu Health Summit organized by the Confederation of Indian Industries ( CII) on Saturday, she said the PPP model could work in two key areas of health care - insurance cover and research facility.Speaking on the affordability factor of health care, she said that public health services in Tamil Nadu have already been made free, and the cost of a patient's visit and treatment is lower than anywhere in the country. However, people continue to be forced to spend large amounts of money from their pockets when they get admitted to private hospitals. \"There is a need to improve the access of public health services to the weaker sections of society,\" she said.The Principal Secretary also announced that the state will constitute a committee to examine how the Clinical Establishments Act can be implemented in the state.Pointing out how far behind the west the country is in terms of health insurance, the chairman and managing director of United Insurance G Srinivasan, said only 17% of the people in the country were covered by insurance. The total health insurance premium collected during 2010-11 was only Rs 14,000 crore, which is 25% of the general insurance business, he remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14948455", "title": "Lara Dutta Back to Kollywood with Vikram starrer David", "text": "Lara Dutta, the former Miss Universe , who acted in Tamil cinema thirteen years ago, is back to the Tamil cinema industry, with the latest Vikram starrer titled David.The pretty former Miss Universe's last work in Tamil cinema was Arasatchi , which also starred actor Arjun in the lead. However, Lara Dutta became quite famous in the Bollywood industry, where she has many super hits to her credits with the likes of Andaaz, Partner, Housefull and Don 2. For your information, she is also the wife of the India's leading tennis player, Mahesh Bhupathi .When Bejoy Nambiyar, the director of David , spoke to the media, he confirmed that he has recruited Lara Dutta for his project. He said that the character for which he has roped in Lara Dutta is a specially sketched one. He added that only Lara Dutta could do justice to that character, and hence, he had convinced her to play that role in all the versions of his movie. When asked, he declined to reveal the type of the character, but said it is the pivotal role in David other than the Vikram's role. He further said that it was tough to convince Lara to accept the deal, as her daughter, Saira, is just a few months old.The movie project titled David is actually a multi starrer which features Vikram in the lead role. The movie is also a trilingual, to be made simultaneously in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. In addition to Vikram playing the lead role, actor Jiiva too will share the screen space with him in an important role in Tamil and Telugu versions of the movie. The Hindi version will have actor Vinay Virmani essaying Jiiva's role. Moreover an ensemble cast is playing the important roles in the movie with the likes of Nasser, Rohini Hattangadi, Tabu and Isha Sharvani.Source: http://www.dailomo.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14948100", "title": "Namitha Desperate to Bag the Role of Silk Smitha", "text": "Namitha is not appearing on the screen, frequently, for a while now. The reasons are well known to everyone and the fact is that she is not getting too many offers from filmmakers. Her latest releases have all flopped at the box office and didn't garner a positive response too.However, the glamorous actress now has claimed that she would be the best bet to play the role of Silk Smitha in the Tamil remake of the Hindi movie, The Dirty Picture . Recently, Namitha met media people and shared about her future career in cinema. It was during this meet that she stated that she is desperate to star in a movie with a big star under a big banner in Tamil cinema. In addition to this, she stated that she is eager to play the lead role of Silk Smitha in the Tamil remake of the Hindi blockbuster movie, The Dirty Picture . For your information, The Dirty Picture , a Milan Luthria directorial, had Vidya Balan in the lead portraying the life of the yester year glamour siren Silk Smitha.Namitha shared more about the The Dirty Picture . She said that Vidya Balan did justice to the role of Silk Smitha in the original Hindi version. She added that she would do justice to the same role in the Tamil version, definitely, like Vidya Balan, if she gets the opportunity to do so. She further added that the role of Silk Smitha is tailor made for her, and, she even went on to say that she is ready for a low remuneration too if she gets the chance to play the role!When the media people asked whether the production house for the Tamil remake of The Dirty Picture has approached her, she replied that no one has contacted her so far. The fact is that all of the heroines approached by the production of The Dirty Picture have turned down the offer!Source: http://www.dailomo.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919404", "title": "Come next year, software will set II pre-university papers", "text": "BANGALORE: Next year, when you receive your II PU question paper in the exam hall, do not be surprised if it's still hot from printing.In an overhaul of the way question papers are set and despatched, the department of PU education is considering digitizing the entire process from next year. Following the leakage of question papers this year, the department is working on a system with minimum human intervention.The setting of question papers will be automated. A software program will randomly select questions from a bank consisting of thousands of questions. The CBSE follows this system.The question paper will be uploaded to the server a few hours before the exam. The chief superintendent of each exam centre will receive an SMS alert once it's uploaded. He will access the paper on email. The paper will be printed under tight security in the presence of a team. Prints of the question paper will be sent to examination centres directly.Many universities, including Karnataka's RGUHS and VTU, have put this process in place.\"The number of people involved in setting and delivering question papers will be minimized. So far, papers were set by a group of lecturers. Once the papers were printed, they were taken to the centres through 24 routes. It takes three days to distribute the papers. In each treasury and sub-treasury, they were kept for 12-14 days,\" says Rashmi V, commissioner, department of pre-university education.The department will use technology to ease other procedures as well. Photocopies of answerscripts will be sent through email instead of snail mail. The department used to take four days to pull out the answerscript that was asked for; the department of posts would take another six days to deliver it. With this, postal delays will be avoided. The process will be put to test during the current supplementary exam.From the coming year, all evaluated answerscripts of physics, chemistry, maths and biology will be scanned and uploaded to the website. This is done specifically for PCMB as most of the photocopying requests come from this stream. The department of PU education will synergize with the Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board to carry forward the students' SSLC register numbers for PUC. This will make tracking students easier for the department and tracking TCs easier for students.CET updateThe CET option entry was a smooth affair on Saturday with the website functioning at its best. As many as 36,806 students had entered their options as on the third day of online counseling; 14,34,368 options have been entered in all. Students have time till July 19 to enter their options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14949656", "title": "MBA students of 1984-86 offer to mentor juniors", "text": "MANGALORE: It was a joyous day for 16 alumni of Mangalore University (MU), who pursued thier MBA in 1984-86. They descended on the campus from different parts of the country and abroad to meet each other on Saturday. Not many of them had met each other in the past 26 years.\"Thanks to social networking sites which helped us meet after a very long time,\" said Ramana Kumar, a student of 1984-86 batch, and presently the dean of Kanchi University. During Saturday's meet, they came up with an innovative idea to help MU students. Kumar said: \"Our intention is to help MU students by assisting them get internships, project works and jobs in companies. Since all of us are in top positions, we are planning to work as resource persons for MU.\" The alumni have also planned to identify bright students and felicitate them with medals every year.Two of them -- Molly Choudhari and Sanjay Kumar Choudhari -- got married after completing their MBA. The couple says when they were pursuing MBA, there were no proper classrooms and other facilities there. \"To help MU students, we want to share our skills and knowledge gained in the last two decades in our respective careers,\" they added. Molly is pursuing PhD, while Sanjay is working as chief divisional manager of Indian Oil Corporation (Goa). Another alumnus Anantha Narayanan is regional controller and chief financial officer in Volvo Group Middle East ( Dubai ) said: \"Over the years, the quality of education has changed due to increasing number of educational institutions. So there is a need for global exposure to the students. I frequent institutions as a guest lecturer in the Middle East and I talk about finance. Now, we want MU students to get exposure to global trends in different sectors.\" From this academic year, the alumni will mentor MBA students from rural areas through online by guiding them in their careers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14916765", "title": "Snake bite mystery deepens as contradictions surface", "text": "GONDIA: In view of the contradictory statements of the students of Ramkrishna Adivasi Ashram School of Makardhawada village in Deori tehsil on Thursday, questions are being raised whether there was any snake bite at all or the cause of death of these students was something else. The exact number of deaths of the students is also shrouded in mystery.Deori police have registered offences against secretary Zamsing Yerne, head master TN Hukre and hostel superintendent MM Baraskar for culpable homicide and these two employees have been arrested. Police are now looking for Yerne.Six students were reported to have been victims of snake bite of which one reportedly died at the rural hospital in Deori while two others died at Gondia hospital. However, there was confusion over the number of deaths.However, during investigation by police and some NGOs, some students alleged that they did not see any snake biting the victims. They claimed it to be a hoax. One student alleged that some blood stains were put on his arm.The district branch of All India Tribal Students' Association and the district president of Human Rights Commission Madhuri Rahangdale and secretary Savita Turkar met the parents of these students and are reported to have complained about this incident to the MLAs of the district, requesting them to look into the matter.The issue was also raised during the ongoing session of the state legislature on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14916133", "title": "Church lends a helping hand to youngsters", "text": "KOCHI: To bring together its young faithful scattered across the world, the Syro-Malabar Church is launching a programme aimed at the spiritual and social uplift of Gen-Y in the community. All dioceses under the Church will be involved in the project which is being implemented under the aegis of the Syro-Malabar Youth Apostolate.According to the Church authorities, there are around 16 lakh youngsters, in the age group of 17-30, who are either working or studying in places away from their native places. Staying away from home, family and church, youngsters are reportedly losing their interest in spiritual matters, and are said to stray from the church.The first phase includes collection of details of all youngsters studying or working outside their native places. Specially-prepared forms have been sent to all dioceses, churches outside the state, and also to mission centres. \"The youngsters living outside the circle of their homes and church is an unorganized one, and we plan to bring them together,\" says Fr Sebastian Kaippanplackel, co-ordinator of the project.The Church feels that the influence of the cyber world has lessened the grip of religion in these youngsters. The guidelines for the project will be submitted to the synod of bishops soon, and it is expected to begin in August this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14949480", "title": "Amy Jackson's a Chennaiite at heart", "text": "Amy Jackson may be a beauty pageant winner from Britain. But, the actress, who's only worked with Kollywood makers till now, is excited to come back to Chennai, where she began her journey to Indian cinema.The actress, who was in the city for the launch of her next film, I, is all set work alongside her Thaandavam co-star Vikram in the film. The film is being directed by Shankar, who's known to make commercial blockbusters.Amy, we learn, was extremely happy to be in the city, which she has grown familiar with. Though, sources say, this film might not allow her to be as much in the city, since it will be shot in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14946838", "title": "Won't contest vice-presidential poll: Gopalkrishna Gandhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Putting a lid over speculation about his entry into the vice-presidential race, former West Bengal governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Sunday categorically said that he would not contest for the post.\"I have thanked West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee for having thought of me and suggested to the UPA partners my name for the vice-presidential election,\" he said, a day after the Congress-led alliance announced Vice-President Hamid Ansari as its candidate for a second term.Asked whether any other leader had requested him to enter the fray, Gandhi said, \"Some people approached me, but I said thank you. I will not.\"He said he had also congratulated Ansari on Saturday after his name was announced by the UPA.With the UPA, SP and BSP backing the candidature of 75-year-old Ansari, a career diplomat and former vice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University, his second term in the high office is a certainty.Trinamool Congress' Rajya Sabha member Kunal Ghosh had said on Saturday that his party leader and railway minister Mukul Roy had at the UPA meeting proposed the names of Gandhi and Krishna Bose, a former Parliamentarian and wife of Sishir Bose, Netaji Subash Chandra Bose's nephew.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had on Saturday telephoned Mamata Banerjee to seek her party's support for Ansari and she had reportedly said she would take a final call in two or three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14948324", "title": "Big B urges B'wood to support cause for tigers", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan today made an earnest appeal to the Hindi film fraternity to help save the diminishing number of tigers in the country.The 69-year-old actor, who fronts the 'Save Our Tigers' campaign, said that celebrities have the ability to get the attention of people and they should make good use of it.\"I hope that more celebrities come out and support the cause of the tigers. It is not just any other social cause, it is a national issue. It is not just about star-power.\"I feel that if there is an individual who is loved by people and they listen to what he says, then he or she should make good use of it. I would encourage many from my fraternity to come and join me,\" Bachchan told PTI.The National award-winning actor, who has been a part of the campaign since its inception in 2010, also said that the gravity of the situation of tigers in India made him take up this project so strongly.\"When I was approached for it, I thought it would be just another social cause. But gradually when I became deeply involved, I learned so much more about the plight of tigers India.\"The current tiger population of India consists of 50 per cent of the world's tiger population. The next five years is going to be very crucial for long term survival of tigers,\" said Bachchan, who is in Ranthambore for a live telethon to support the cause.The campaign is an initiative to highlight the urgency of the situation facing our national animal and urge the public to embrace the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14925996", "title": "Ramayanam now beeps in mobile phones too", "text": "KOCHI: As the Malayalam month of Karkidakam begins, it is time for the yearly ritual of reading the Ramayanam aloud. Many Hindus ardently believe that the month is sacrosanct and attach great significance to reading the sacred text at this time of the year. However, there are some who consider reading Ramayanam a mere ritualistic drill that has been is passed on from generation to generation. But most often it's just the unwillingness to sit cross legged with the text in front of one that keeps youngsters away from the ritual. Nevertheless, the appeal that the tradition holds among people, mostly the older generation, is not insignificant. And in a bid to exploit this sentiment, book publishers have flooded the market with Ramayanam of all forms and sizes.DC Books and Current Books have launched their range of Adyathma Ramayanam as pocket editions, paperbacks, gift editions and CD versions. Mathrubhumi Books has also introduced a paperback version of the book with glossy cover and comfortable fonts. There are also versions of the Ramayanam available online. Ramayana audio.com, India Divine.org and Ramayanam. guruvayoor.com are some of the websites that are providing audio books of the text on their portals.The Hindu Blog, an online magazine that follows Sanatana Dharma, has made available PDF versions of the Adyathma Ramayanam. Music stores too have lined up their range of CDs and DVDs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917284", "title": "NDMC to hold speed test at Sarojini Nagar parking lot", "text": "NEW DELHI: New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) will conduct an efficiency test of the automated multilevel parking at Sarojini Nagar on Wednesday.Following repeated complaints from the Sarojini Nagar market association about poor management of the car park, the Supreme Court-appointed Environment Pollution Control Authority (EPCA) directed NDMC on Saturday to conduct the test along with the private concessionaire (DLF) and the traders' association. The parking lot became operational seven months ago.\"There is some misunderstanding between the traders, DLF and NDMC regarding the parking lot. We have directed NDMC to conduct an efficiency test. We need to find out whether the private concessionaire is able to park over 800 cars in a day or not,\" said Bhure Lal, the chairman of EPCA.He added, \"Traders claim the multilevel parking lot can't accommodate 800-odd cars in a day, and the parking as well as retrieval time stretches beyond 3 minutes, triggering long queues, especially during weekends. But, the private concessionaire claims they have already crossed the 800-mark. The test run will give us a clear picture.\" The civic agency has been asked to coordinate with the traffic police, so that commuters are not affected.The automated parking lot can accommodate 824 cars. On Wednesday, the market association will provide 800-plus cars - close to 160 cars per hour - during business hours for the efficiency test. \"The market association members have agreed to park their vehicles at the multilevel parking. The private concessionaire should be able to park and retrieve 160 cars in an hour. If they are not able to do it, we will ask them to upgrade the system,'' said Bhure Lal. NDMC will submit its report to EPCA next week.The environment monitoring committee has also directed NDMC to increase the surface-level parking rates, which will promote the multilevel parking. But the Sarojini Nagar traders' association is against the proposal. \"We want the civic agency to ease the parking mess before increasing rates for surface-level parking. Due to parking problems, the footfall has dropped in the past seven months,'' said Pramod Sharma, president of Sarojini Nagar traders' association.On EPCA's direction, NDMC has cancelled many authorized surface parking sites in the market, reducing the parking capacity from 1,200 to 250. This has caused chaos in the market, but NDMC officials say this will encourage use of the multilevel parking. \"The idea is to make the market pedestrian-friendly. For this, we have to close several surface-level parking sites,'' said an NDMC official. The market association is demanding that the private concessionaire not be allowed to make the shopping mall on the first two floors of the parking lot operational, till the problem is solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14938955", "title": "Trafficked boys return home from Kashmir", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Thirteen teenagers of Gajapati district, who were allegedly trafficked to Kashmir, returned home on Saturday. The boys, in the age group of 13 to 18, had been employed by a contractor in Gulmarg against nominal wages.After some of the boys' parents lodged complaints about their sons going missing, police had arrested the trafficker, Dukha Gamango of Dekhusahi in Rayagada. After interrogating him, police came to know that the boys were in Kashmir. Subsequently, the Gajapati district collector wrote a letter to his Gulmarg counterpart asking him to take necessary action in the matter. Following this, the contractor relived the boys on July 9, the boys said after their arrival here.While a police team was preparing to go to Kashmir to escort the teenagers back to the state, they returned on their own. At least ten of them reported to police stations as their parents had lodged FIRs about their going missing. The boys said they were promised to be given jobs at vineyards and apple orchards with descent salary and accommodation in Kashmir.Most of the trafficked boys were students of schools and colleges in Paralakhemundi. They were first taken to Puri by gamango, and handed over to another person. He allegedly trafficked them to Kashmir. Police are trying to trace the person in Puri and find out his role in the trafficking. Meanwhile, Kashmir police are expected to take action against the contractor who employed the boys there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14945995", "title": "Sriram dissatisfied with response to 'Agent Vinod'", "text": "Not too long ago, there were reports that director Sriram Raghavan, who has given us thrillers like Ek Hasina Thi and Johnny Gaddaar, was planning a sequel to his latest offering, the stylishly shot Agent Vinod and would turn it into a franchise like the Bond series.However, when we asked the director, who was in Vadodara to judge a short film competition, he said, \"Bond films don't have a great story but you remember sequences, moments, the adrenalin rush. It's easier to make a sequel if the first film is a big hit. I am definitely not satisfied with the response to the film. I think critics expected a tight and intricate plot like Johnny Gaddaar . I chose to take a simple story and have fun in the storytelling. Some of my choices didn't work with audiences and I have to accept that. I don't have any immediate plans for a sequel. Having said that, I love the character and do hope I can write a script that is half the cost and double the fun. And yes, it must be shorter!\"Asked about his wishlist in terms of actors he wants to work with in the future, Raghavan wittily remarked, \"Well, let me say that all the clues to that list are hidden in Agent Vinod !\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14916100", "title": "I watch Bollywood movies in Antarctica: Alexander Kumar", "text": "Months of total darkness in an icy desert with temperatures falling to -80 degrees C -that's what 13 research scientists stationed at the French-Italian Antarctic research station, Concordia, are currently facing. Among them is a 29-year-old British-Indian doctor, Alexander Kumar, who is studying the effect of such extreme climes on human physiology and psychology. He tells Anil Sadarangani via satellite phone and email that he misses seeing the sun.How were you selected by the European Space Agency to go to Antarctica?  Each year, the ESA calls for applications from doctors to conduct human spaceflight studies at Concordia for a year, the only all-year research station in Antarctica. Last year, I was selected after undergoing interviews, psychological assessment involving three hours of questionnaires, screenings with a psychologist alongside further medical screenings and a fitness test. Eventually, I landed what must be the loneliest and coldest job in the world!What kind of living conditions are there at Concordia?  I am confined to two cylindrical towers that contain labs, bedrooms, a kitchen, living room, gym and a movie room with 12 men and one woman. I am in regular touch with family, friends and my partner, surgeon Kathy Duong and our Siberian Husky puppy, Mishi-bear through phone, email, blog and Twitter. Living in the eternal darkness, it's become easier in certain ways as you adapt to the overwinter, but every day you feel less energised for the day ahead.What kind of research is done there?  We have conducted important manned space flight research studies such as MARS500 and the ongoing studies on the International Space Station. Concordia station is the closest you can come to living on the surface of another planet. My research focuses on the effects of adaptation to our complete isolation and sensory deprivation. Although Mars500 set out with similar aims, the isolation was not real, since the project took place in Moscow. The isolation here is real. That draws out the most important challenges associated with a manned mission to Mars.Can you describe a typical day of yours at the station?  A typical weekday starts by 8 am, catching up on world news during breakfast. The first stage of research may involve exercise, computer orientated tasks or venepuncture (blood sampling). Lunch is at 12.15 sharp. Later, I might talk to fellow crewmembers about news and life and even listen to new music. The afternoon research session takes up the majority of my day. If I finish early, I hit the gym or help crew members with their research such as digging holes for glaciology or searching for a new exoplanet, if such opportunities arise.How do you relax?  Saturday night is relaxing time. We always find a reason to celebrate, sometimes with fine dinners before watching a movie. I enjoy sharing stories and slideshows about my time spent in different parts of India. I even made the crew mango lassi before we ran out of fresh fruit! Our food is stored in walk-in refrigerators and takes one week to defrost. But it helps that we have an Italian master chef, Giorgio Deidda, who surprises us with theme nights: Pizza night, Mexican, Japanese, Indian and birthday dinners too!--I've also brought my collection of Bollywood movies and music to Antarctica and just watched Lagaan. Now I have a new hobby - astrophotography. We have the most wonderful view of the universe you could imagine - one of the clearest views on Earth. I also got sports company Wilson to sponsor a net, racquets and balls. I played the coldest game of tennis ever!How did you feel seeing the last sunset in May?  It was beautiful, dissolving into the horizon. I thought to myself, this is the closest you can come to witnessing the end of time... an apocalypse. That day, I took a walk in the -75 degree C cold, to soak up the last rays. We all feel we have been left with distant memories of the sun and daylight now. It will be extraordinary to see it again (in mid-August). John Lennon was right when he said, 'You don't know what you've got until you lose it'.Have you visited India's station on Antarctica, Maitri?  I am looking to raise $15,000 to travel to Maitri on the other side of Antarctica.What are your future plans?  I am the official expedition doctor and scientist for ITACE 2014 - Imperial trans-Antarctic centenary expedition that will set out in November 2014. The mission is to complete Sir Ernest Shackleton's 1914 incomplete crossing of the Antarctica on foot. I will carry the Indian flag along with the British flag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14917187", "title": "Franchisees have failed to increase revenue: Vidarbha Industries Association", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) has claimed that the four power franchisees appointed by MSEDCL had failed to increase revenue due to their poor performance. As a result, MSEDCL had incurred a loss of around Rs 700 crore in 2011-12.VIA energy cell president RB Goenka, in his submission before Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), stated that he had sought information regarding profit and loss in the four franchisee areas but MSEDCL refused to provide the same. However, from the tariff petition he had made an approximate calculation which showed the losses to be Rs 708.89 crore.Goenka stated that average cost of supply (ACoS) in Nagpur urban circle was Rs 5.52 per unit in 2010-11. However, the rate of realization - average rate at which consumer paid per unit - in Nagpur franchisee area was only Rs 3.96 per unit. Franchisees were appointed to reduce distribution and collection losses (DCL) which according to Goenka should have been 17%. Considering this figure, MSEDCL incurred a loss of about Rs 160 in Spanco area in 2010-11. Other than this, Spanco has not paid over Rs 200 crore to MSEDCL.The highest loss due to non-performance of franchisees is in Bhiwandi, which is being managed by Torrent Power. Here, the loss figure is about Rs 525 crore. The loss in Jalgaon, where Crompton Greaves is the franchisee, is about Rs 25 crore. Aurangabad franchisee GTL has lived up to the expectation as the loss in 2010-11 is only Rs 2.29 crore.Goenka further stated as per date submitted by MSEDCL, the loss in Spanco area in May 2011 was 31.62%. While the loss figure for every month was different it was lowest for November 2011 - 25.17%. However, in March 2012 it increased to 38.84%.A senior MSEDCL official, preferring anonymity, said that the comparison was not justified. \"VIA has assumed that DCL is 17% in the franchisee area. Franchisees were appointed in high loss areas. You can't expect them to reduce losses to the desired level in a year or two. If MSEDCL was still in charge of these divisions the losses would not have been 17%. So we would have incurred a loss in this case too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "santandar", "code": "14940250", "title": "India go down 1-3 to Great Britain in Tri-Nation opener", "text": "SANTANDAR: India squandered an early lead before going down 1-3 to Great Britain in the inaugural match of the Tri-Nation invitational tournament, their final warm-up event ahead of the Olympic Games.Rain made the going soggy and helped the teams prepare for the conditions that are said to be prevailing in London where the Games will start on July 27.India started well and took the lead in the third minute through Shivendra Singh's deflection off a Tushar Khandker cross on counter attack.Within two minutes, Indian goalkeeper and captain Bharat Chetri pulled off a two-stage save, sweeping the ball off the goal-line after having initially parried Rob Moore's reverse hit.But James Tindall scored the equaliser through a 17th minute penalty corner and the teams were locked 1-1 at the half-time.In the opening minutes of the second half, Britain goalkeeper James Fair brought off a smart save on the near post off a Khandker's attempt to score.Ashley Jackson put his team ahead in the 45th minute off a penalty stroke. Harry Martin made it 3-1 with a 62nd minute goal off a deflection from Chetri when Jackson scooped the ball.The next match in the tournament will feature Great Britain and Spain on Monday. India will play their next match against Spain on July 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14919853", "title": "Monuments are faithful records of their time", "text": "\"Better the rudest work that tells a story or records a fact, than the richest without the meaning. There should not be a single ornament put upon great civic buildings without some intellectual intention.\"- The Seven Lamps of Architecture; John Ruskin (1819-1900)Hyderabad has been fortunate to have a legacy of architectural excellence which is manifest in examples of its monuments. Most serve as an undisputable record of the times that they were constructed in. Unfortunately, contemporary architectural trends have produced almost nothing that stimulates either the mind or the senses. Even so, quite a few convoluted renditions in stone and brick executed in the recent past assume importance as they bear testimony to the erosion of intellectual intent. These often ghastly specimens of monumental disaster, faithfully record the idiosyncrasies of individuals who assumed power during different periods of history leaving indelible marks on the cityscape for posterity.The grandeur commonly associated with Qutub Shahi architecture reveals quite a few traits of the individual sultan or noble who created a particular monument. It is thus interesting to note that the Toli mosque, arguably the most exquisite example of stucco decoration in the city, was the creation of a grandee and surpasses in beauty any other construction of the period. Interestingly Musa Khan Mahaldar, the renowned defender of Golconda during the first Mughal siege of 1656, was the builder of both the Mecca Masjid and the Toli Mosque. However even a cursory evaluation of the two reveals the differing dynamics in design, construction and embellishment. Unable to match the scale and proportions of the Mecca Masjid, Musa Khan resorted to profuse stucco decoration in his own mosque ensuring that it was comparable to the one commissioned by the king. The Toli mosque is undoubtedly a lasting record to the artistic caliber and ingenuity of this famed architect of Hyderabad. Similarly, if not overwhelmed by the seemingly 'immediately apparent splendour', even a layman rates Chowmahalla as being aesthetically far superior to the Falaknuma Palace. Not surprising as experts of European architecture have never acknowledged the latter as anything better than \"a Victorian nightmare\".The change of guard at Hyderabad following merger brought about a major change in architectural dynamics with nondescript buildings reflecting the mood of the times. The abhorrence towards inherited styles amongst the changed order is amply evident in the 'piece de resistance' of this era; the Ravindra Bharati auditorium. The fact that its architect was the redoubtable Fayyazuddin, who had trained and worked under stalwarts like Jasper and Esch, underscores the degree of oppression which the city's population was subject to in that traumatic phase in its history. One can imagine the effort made by the architect in turning his back to numerous magnificent monumental edifices in the vicinity, to come up with a design which bore not a single feature which could suggest continuity. Even so, the end result serves as an ornament reflecting intellectual intent, albeit flawed, as it faithfully records for posterity the socio-political climate of the times when it was constructed.The next phase of hectic activity in the field of architecture coincided with the coming to power of the Telugu Desam party . Championing linguistic and regional cultural chauvinism, this harbinger of disaster for Hyderabad brought about rapid change, sweeping aside the last vestiges of a syncretic culture which had been lovingly nurtured over centuries. With calculated precision, a new identity was thrust upon the city, clearly sending out the message of a complete break from the past. When confronted with an outcry, these self-proclaimed patrons of the arts attempted token reconciliation. The inherent animosity however, resulted in the commissioning of outrageous monuments and sculptures. One such monument depicted a scrawny avian clinging precariously to a cannonball; supposedly an artistic rendition of Iqbal's famed couplet reminding the mighty eagle of his true home amidst the rocky peaks. Nahi tera nasheman qasr-e sultani ki gumbad par / Tu shaheen hai basera kar pahadon ki chatanon mein (Thy abode is not the dome of a palace / You are an eagle and must dwell amidst the rocky peaks).No wonder the message, intended and implied, failed to evict the desired result. The denizens remained unmoved and stayed rooted, refusing to fly away and desert their beloved city!The idea that progress demands a distancing from the past has unfortunately gained acceptance in the country in the recent past. Hyderabad with its rapidly increasing population is on an expansion spree and the ready willingness to sacrifice inherited architectural identity at the altar of modernization is fast gaining momentum. In this scenario it becomes imperative to safeguard all evidences of culture, irrespective of architectural or artistic merit. For monuments like the Ravindra Bharati and Iqbal Minar tell tragic stories and record unpleasant facts.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14916871", "title": "Property expo attracts Kozhikode folks in hordes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The three-day Calicut Property Show which began at the Marine Grounds on Friday has been drawing huge crowds, with the city residents taking a keen interest in the numerous realty projects. As many as 14 leading developers and builders are showcasing their latest projects at the event.The show organized for the 14th year by the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI) is featuring around 1,000 units spread across the districts of Kozhikode, Malappuram, Kannur and Kochi including apartments, villas, townships and commercial spaces. CREDAI Kozhikode chapter president M A Mehaboob said that the current edition of Calicut Property Show, which was the biggest home expo in Malabar, had been very encouraging. Financial institutions like HDFC Home Loans, Axis Bank and ICICI Home Loans are participating in the show, which also has miniature replicas of several projects.The show which is open from 10am to 9pm will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14922190", "title": "Darna dam water to be released", "text": "NASHIK: A decision was taken at the scarcity review meeting held on Saturday at the Nashik divisional revenue commissionerate to realease water for Ahmednagar district and Vaijapur (Aurangabad). As a result, power supply to all agricultural feeders along the Godavari's banks and the canal with it meant for Vaijapur and Ahmednagar has been withdrawn.Collectors of all the five districts in the Nashik division (Nashik, Dhule, Nandurbar, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar) spoke about the work related to scarcity being carried out in their respective areas. During the meeting, revenue commissioner Jayant Gaikwad ordered the release of water for Nagar and Marathwada from Darna river to meet the water requirements in the areas.Sources said that Darna dam currently has 1,515 million cubic feet of water, of which 600 mcft of water has been reserved for drinking purpose only for Lasalgaon and 40 villages in Nashik, Puntamba, Rahata in Nagar district and Vaijapur (Marathwada) as well.Besides, 200 mcft of water from the Dam is reserved for Sinnar, which would be lifted through the existing mechanism. \"In all, nearly 700 mcft water would be left in the dam, which will help Nashikites to fight scarcity till August-end,\" the sources said, adding that the picture at Gangapur dam was a bit better as the catchment areas did receive some rainfall, almost maintaining the levels in the dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14919935", "title": "Engineering student swept away by sea waves", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: An engineering student of Rayagada was swept away into the sea by the big waves here on Saturday when he ventured into the waters for a bath along with friends. Navy chopper and marine police boat, besides other boats were pressed into the rescue operations. The missing student's whereabouts were not known after almost five hours of the search before the sun set.Three students of MITS engineering College in Rayagada had come here to buy laptops and they visited the beach. Big waves squeezed them into inside when they ventured for a bath.Locals rescued two students while Deva Gour Mukhopadyay, a fourth year engineering EEE student was squeezed deep inside the waters. The officials of rescue operation said that they would resume the searching on Sunday morning because of the darkness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915238", "title": "70 schools in Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to set up transport panels", "text": "PUNE: Around 70 schools in Pimpri-Chinchwad have formed school transport committees, according to Jitendra Patil , deputy Regional Transport Officer (RTO).He was speaking at a meeting of school representatives organised by the municipal school board of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and RTO at Pimpri here on Saturday.Patil gave information about the provisions of the school bus transport Act, the steps to be taken for implementing it and the need for formation of a school transport committee and its duties. He also answered queries of the school representatives.He said, \"The schools have been given time till July 31 to form school transport committees. Schools which do not have their own bus service should contact the RTO recommending private bus operators that provide transport to their students. This will enable us to give school bus licence to the operator who can then avail of the various benefits given for authorised school buses. The RTO will not give school bus licence to private bus operators if they do not have a recommendation from any school.\"Patil said that the RTO checked whether the operator was following all norms before issuing licence.He said that the schools which have a playground should allow the school buses to be parked there. \"But if the schools do not have playgrounds, then the school transport committee should conduct a survey and find a nearby road or lane where the buses can be parkedwithout causing inconvenience to others. Sign boards should be installed near the schools asking vehicles to slow down. Buses used by girl students should have a woman attendant.\"About the changes made in the Act, Patil said, \"The first step to board the bus has to be at the height of 300 mm above the ground level as against the earlier norm of 220 mm. Earlier it was mandatory to have two 5 kg capacity fire extinguishers in a school transport vehicle, but this rule has been relaxed. Now, one 2 kg capacity fire extinguisher is needed in a 12-seater vehicle, a 5 kg capacity fire extinguisher for 12 to 20-seater vehicle and two 5 kg fire extinguishers in a 20-seater bus.\"He said that earlier vehicles which were more than 15-years-old could not be used as school transport vehicles. But, now if the school owns buses and operates a bus service for students then they can use buses which are up to 20-years-old. However, private bus operators cannot use a bus more than 15-years-old to transport students.\"Nilesh Kute of Amruta Vidyalayam school said, \"The school had spent around Rs 3 lakh for installing grills on the windows of school buses, but they had to be removed as per new rules thus causing waste of money.\"Patil explained that the rule was changed to enable speedy evacuation of students in emergencies. Kute also said that more time was needed for fitting speed governors in school buses as there were fewer agencies which have been authorised to install the gadget. Patil admitted to the fact and said that the speed governors can be installed in the old school buses till August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918963", "title": "Pol culture the theme of Chalo Gujarat 2012", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pol culture was chosen to represent the central identity of Gujarat this year at the World Gujarati Conference in New Jersey. In this third edition of the biggest gathering of Gujaratis outside India, over 30,000 Gujaratis will converge on New Jersey over three days from August 29 to 31.Life-sized sets of various pols showing their signature architecture - oak and teak carvings on window and door panels, chabutaros, khadkis, delli, entry gates - structures typical to the insides of Pols, are part of the 80 tons of cargo dispatched to New Jersey for the event.\"The central theme of World Gujarati Conference - Chalo Gujarat 2012 is Gujarat, Gujarati and Gujaratism,\" says Sunil Nayak, president of the Association of American Indians in North America (AAINA). \"Pol culture describes the crux of Gujaratism,\" he adds.The conference venue is to be set up as Chalo Gujarat Pol. Jaydeep Mehta, event in-charge, says, \"We are to merge various sets and recreate the interiors of pols at the conference venue to give second-generation American Indians the feel of visiting the old city pols. Along with this, the entry gates of Patan and a charkha with dimensions of 40ft by 15ft will be set up at the entrance of the hall.\"A seven-minute documentary film on present-day Gujarat called as 'Gujarat Gandhi ni Ankhe' will be displayed on the glasses of a 20ft by 10ft statue of Gandhiji. The aim of this gathering is to celebrate Gujarati language, culture, heritage, art, history, enterprise and people in all their grandeur. The icing on the cake is the official proclamation by New Jersey state government which has declared August 31 as Gujarati Day thereby recognizing the contribution of Gujaratis to the US. Dignitaries from the UK, US, India, Africa , the Gulf and Australia are to attend the conference this year.Mehta says, \"To pay honour to this conference, the Nasdaq bell is to be rung by a team of AAINA members on August 31 and Empire State Building dome is to display the theme colours of Chalo Gujarat that are pink, yellow and blue. These show the significance of the event in the US.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14919527", "title": "Harassed wife exposes husband's job scam", "text": "BANGALORE: R Nandan rose steadily in his professional career to become a deputy general manager at IBM , earning a salary of Rs 24 lakh per annum. But the downfall ended in arrest on Friday for allegedly torturing his wife.She tipped police off about how he used a fake degree certificate and marks cards to get lucrative jobs.Nandan, 33, a resident of Papareddypalya in Nagarbhavi II Stage of West Bangalore, was exposed when his wife Latha complained about alleged harassment. Latha, who was working with ABB, and Nandan got married seven years ago after falling in love when he worked in a call centre where Latha was in the HR department. They have a four-year-old daughter.Recently, Latha got a little suspicious when he'd come home late at night and would make mobile calls t other women. \"The harassment started after I found he was behaving strangely, often locking me up in a room and going elsewhere in the house and chatting with other women on the phone,\" she told police.Nandan failed to complete his diploma in electronics and communications at MEI Polytechnic in Rajajinagar after studying at St Joseph's Boys High School.After marriage, he took his wife's PUC marks card and commerce degree marks card and copied them. Later, he imprinted his name on these marks cards and used them to get a job in HP as a manager on the strength of the notorised fake marks card. He worked in HP from 2005 to 2008.He then moved to Amicorp as director (marketing) in 2008 and worked there till 2011, after which he joined IBM.His luck ran out when Latha unable to bear the harassment approached police on July 7 this year. Before she complained against him, Latha saw that he had a fake degree certificate as the marks card had the same serial number as hers.Investigation revealed he had done an online post-graduate degree in management at Indian Institute of Management, Kozhikode in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14925559", "title": "Fair game for the first time in history", "text": "A heart-warming 49.7% women athletes will take centre stage alongside 50.3% men at the London 2012 Olympics , making the great games the first truly gender equal event in its historyIt is a historic first. At London, for the first time in the annals of the Olympics, each of the 200-plus participating nations will be represented by a mixed (men and women) team. Saudi Arabia, too, after much dilly dallying, has finally agreed to send two female athletes to London, Wodjan Ali Seraj Abdulrahim Shahrkhani , a judoka, and 800 meters runner Sarah Attar. The Saudi decision has helped make London 2012 the first gender equal Olympics in history.The stat speaks for itself: 49.7% women athletes will take centre stage alongside 50.3% men in London . At Beijing, in 2008, the ratio was 42:58 in favour of men. This means there will be 5,000-plus female athletes competing in London 2012, which is a significant step forward for the Olympic movement as a whole. And the Americans are, in fact, sending more women than men in another first for the Olympic movement. The US team has 269 women and 261 men competing at London.The symbolism of this development hasn't escaped the IOC, evident from the following statement by IOC president Jacques Rogge: \"The games provide a global platform for female Olympians that inspires others to follow their example. More than four billion people, well over half of the world's population, will have access to the London Games on television, the internet or their mobile devices. About half of that audience will be women and girls, a gender balance few other major sporting events can hope to match. That global reach makes the games a powerful force for gender equality.\"For India, London 2012 may well turn out to be a \"women's Olympics\" . Four of India's key medal hopes are women. Deepika Kumari, the current world number one, is leading the Indian archery challenge in London while Mary Kom is a serious contender for a medal in women's boxing, which is making its debut at the games. Kom, a five-time world champion, has a real chance of winning a medal having never lost to one boxer twice in her life. There's also Sania Mirza, in good form after winning the mixed doubles crown at the French Open and making the semi-finals of the Australian Open earlier this year. In a field which boasts some of the truly high profile names in tennis, Sania has a decent chance of a medal if the draw goes her way. Finally, there's Saina Nehwal in badminton. Saina has shown great form recently and has beaten her Chinese opponents with regularity.Besides the 'fab four' ladies of Indian Olympic sports, there's Geeta Phogat in wrestling and a host of women shooters who are more than capable of doing the country proud in London. We also cannot forget Deepika's compatriots in archery, Bombayla Devi and Chekrovolu Svuro.We can fully comprehend the significance of growing women's involvement when we pit this development against the views of Baron Pierre De Coubertin, the founder of the modern Olympic Games. De Coubertin, firmly against women's participation , had this to say on the subject before the first modern Olympics in 1896: \"I do not approve of the participation of women in public competitions. In the Olympic Games, their primary role should be to crown the victors.\" Drawing on a case study on women's participation at the Olympic stage, it is interesting to note that in the two editions of the games in London , in 1908 and 1948 respectively, the ratio of women vis-a-vis men were 50: 1 and 10:1. In 1908, a mere 37 women competed at the games with close to 2,000 male athletes, and in 1948 the number was 390 women against 3,714 men. Even a decade-and-a-half earlier in Atlanta (1996), 26 of the 197 nations did not field a single female competitor, a number that has currently dwindled to one. Moving beyond the competitors, among journalists too the surge in female participation i s n o t i c e abl e. Close to half of the 28,000 journalists from 195 countries covering the games will be female , making London 2012 truly a stand-out event as far as gender equality and representation is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941500", "title": "Govt forms task force to help farmers", "text": "RANCHI: State government on Saturday constituted a task force that will explore the possibilities of alternative farming on at least four lakh hectares of land in wake of poor monsoon this year.The task force will be headed by development commissioner Debasish Gupta at the state level and there will be similar task forces at the district level.State cabinet secretary NN Pandey said the decision to constitute the task force was taken by the council of ministers after the review of paddy cultivation and rainfall over the last three months. The state till date has received 52% less rain than normal. Actual rain in the state in April-June was 127mm against normal of 263mm. In July, the actual rain was 104mm against the normal of 327mm.\"The situation is grim in districts, including Garhwa, Chatra, Deoghar, Godda, Sahebganj, Palamu, Giridih, Bokaro, Ramgarh and Dumka. In these districts, farmers have not been able to raise paddy seedlings till now and it needs at least 21 days to grow before transplantation. The task force will try to find out how these farmers can be helped,\" said Pandey.The cabinet also asked the agriculture department to purchase seeds of arhar, soyabean, maize and other crops that will grow even after poor rainfall unlike paddy which needs good rainfall. \"During discussion it also came to light that the farmers have not received crop insurance money for 2011-12. The cabinet opined that there should not be any delay and the money should be immediately disbursed,\" said Pandey. tnn, adding that the cabinet also asked the agriculture department to be ready with the guidelines for crop insurance for the current year.\"The moment information of crop failure is received from any place, the department should take quick action to redress the problem,\" said the cabinet secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14922134", "title": "Thefts in Nashik show no signs of slowing down", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police have arrested an 18-year-old youth of Makhmalabad, Nashik, on charges of stealing a mobile phone. Zabin Shaikh (24), resident of Indira Colony, Manmad, has alleged that accused Rohit More of Pingle Galli stole his mobile phone worth Rs 1,500 near Shalimar bus stand on Friday at 12.30 pm.Vehicle stolen: After two cases of multi-utility vehicles (MUVs) being reported stolen on Thursday, a complaint of one more theft of an MUV was lodged at the Ambad police station on Friday. Sunil Khokale, resident of Upendra Nagar, Cidco, said he had parked his vehicle in front of his house on July 12 at 10pm. When he woke up at around 2.30am in the wee hours of Friday, he noticed that his vehicle had been stolen by someone. Meanwhile, a two-wheeler worth Rs 46,000 was stolen on the intervening night of July 9 and 10. According to the complaint filed by Kanti Neharkar of Girija Apartment, MG Road, the vehicle was parked in front of his house on the night it was stolen. A complaint in this regard was, however, only lodged this Friday.Cement bags stolen: A resident of Bharat Nagar, Ambad, Vasim Khan Umar Khan, has been accused of stealing a tempo worth Rs 4 lakh and 100 bags of cement inside it by cheating one Sagarmal Jain of Heritage Apartment, Chinchban Road, Panchvati on Thursday around 6.30pm. Jain has lodged a complaint against Vasim Khan Umar Khan with the Ambad police.Burglary at Indira Nagar: Jewellery worth Rs 72,000 was stolen from a closed flat at Rath Chakra Housing society, Indira Nagar. Nalini Murlidhar Sonawane in her complaint at the Indira Nagar police station said that the burglary occurred between July 3 and July 13 when she and her family were out of station. Burglars broke the latch and lock of the house and escaped with the jewellery kept inside a cupboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14942500", "title": "Shillong may turn into 'wettest desert'", "text": "SHILLONG: Despite heavy rainfall, Shillong and Cherrapunjee, one of the wettest places on earth, are facing acute water crisis. However, the question engaging environmentalists is whether the water crisis in the scenic hill city will turn it into the \"wettest desert\" like Cherrapunjee.The water-related problems in Shillong are due to unplanned use and abuse of natural resources and gross negligence and pollution, says managing consultant of the ECOnsultant, Naba Bhattacharjee. Water crisis can be primarily attributed to the rapid decline in the fragile resource base due to various anthropogenic activities.The gradual shrinking of this invaluable natural resource is impinging directly on catchments, which are nature's indigenous \"water reservoirs\". These \"store houses\" have been exposed to over exploitation on account of increase in population, deforestation, diverse land use pattern, pastoral and agronomic activities, shifting cultivation, unplanned development and unscientific mining and quarrying.In hill stations like Shillong, most of the rain water flows down the hilly terrain to the plains. There is hardly any effort to restrict such haphazard movement of water by initiating measures aimed at maximum seepage and percolation to recharge the aquifers and maintain sustained supply to the \"natural stores\", said Bhattacharjee.Consequently, there has been a major depletion of invaluable water sources. \"It will cost crores of rupees to construct a water storage equivalent to what even a few hectares of pristine catchment can store,\" the environmentalist said.Pointing out the loopholes in the Meghalaya Protection of Catchmnent Areas Act, 1990, Bhattacharjee emphasizes on reviewing the act by incorporating adequate legal sanctions, authority and sweeping power as far as conservation of catchments and implementation of remedial measures are concerned. \"The act should be strictly implemented to conserve the pristine catchments. Besides, people in general need to be sensitized on environmental issues and the immense benefit of rain water harvesting, \" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14920932", "title": "Three floating fountains at Patna zoo inaugurated", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi inaugurated three high-rise floating fountains at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, on Saturday.The fountains, which would pump water up to 90ft, have colourful lighting system. The fountains cost around Rs30 lakh. The zoo authorities are sure they would help increase the footfalls.Announcing several new plans to be launched by the zoo authorities, Modi said, \"There are plans afoot to install several small fountains at various other locations inside the park.\" He also said the Central Zoo Authority has approved the master plan of the park.\"The three fountains installed near the old lake was a much-awaited project and I am glad to see them working,\" he said while announcing that the zoo is all set to launch the 'adopt an animal' scheme on July 20. A new pair of chimpanzees will also reach Patna by July 17.Modi also focused on the renovation of the snake house so that more snakes could be housed in the zoo. The electronic gates and the electronic ticketing system would be started soon. \"Entry tickets should be beautiful to grab the attention of the visitors,\" Modi said.A new canteen having four food counters and an air-conditioned food court would also come up at the zoo soon. The authorities have planned to open a 3D theatre this year and organize several wildlife conservation programmes for students during vacations.The detailed project report (DPR) of the proposed 3D theatre is being prepared. \"We will float tenders after the DPR is approved. We have planned to screen daily three shows of films and documentaries based on wildlife and botanical research works,\" Modi said.According to the zoo officials, many institutions like the State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda , Life Insurance Corporation of India and Bihar State Bridge Construction Corporation have shown interest in the animal adoption scheme. Few bureaucrats have also evinced interest in adopting some animals.\"We have added several new fishes, including colourful cichlids, after refurbishing the aquarium. We are also trying to get several big fishes and coloured turtles for the aquarium,\" said Abhay Kumar, director, Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park. The aquarium is a major attraction for visitors coming to the Patna zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14920708", "title": "BSc part-I results likely next week", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is likely to announce the results of BSc part-I (H) examination next week. For the first time, there has been a computerized evaluation of answer books of about 1,700 examinees.Computer centre in charge K P Singh said the evaluation work is nearing completion and the final results would be published soon. The computerized evaluation of answer books of BCom part-I is also going on in full swing. About 4,000 students appeared at the exams, he said.New courses: PU has introduced at least three new courses, including postgraduate diploma in bioinformatics, MA in journalism and mass communication and MA in women's studies, from the current academic session. As many as 16 students out of the 19 selected for the bioinformatics course have already taken admission. Classes of the first batch of this course would start on July 22, said course director K P Singh.Written test and interview for admission to the MA course in mass communication and journalism are already over and the list of candidates selected against 45 seats would be announced soon, said PU Hindi department head and course director Amar Kumar Singh.Admission to the MA course in women's studies has also been started. As many as 30 out of 59 selected candidates have taken admission, said course director Padmalata Thakur.Commerce cutoff: The department of applied economics and commerce has announced the cutoff list for admission to the MCom course. Department head Chandrama Singh said the cutoff marks for candidates of different categories are 71.5% (general), 68.38% (OBC), 63% (BC I), 57.13% (SC) and 46.63% (ST). Admission against 100 seats shall start on July 18.Singh said the result of the entrance test for admission to the MBA course has also been declared and the admission against 60 seats shall start on July 19.International conference: A three-day international conference on 'Commonwealth literature: new dimensions' will be held here from September 29 to October 1 under the joint auspices of PU English department and the Indian Society for Commonwealth Studies. The conference will take stock of contemporary Commonwealth writings and critically assess its contribution to the world literature, said conference's convener Indiber Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14940040", "title": "Tolly stars at Richa\u2019s birthday bash", "text": "Beauty queen Richa's birthday celebrations at a city nightclub on Friday saw Tolly stars letting their hair down and having a blast.The birthday girl looked ravishing in a red off-shoulder dress as she played the perfect host, meeting and greeting everyone present. We also spotted diva Rituparna having a good time with friends Shaheb and Parijat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14919330", "title": "BASIC nations call for rollback of EU carbon tax on aviation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The meeting of BASIC countries - Brazil, South Africa, China and India \u2014 in Pretoria, South Africa, made a strong statement against EU's carbon tax on aviation at the end of two-day talks.A joint statement of the four countries stated, \"Ministers were deeply concerned at the continued unilateral action by the EU to include international aviation in the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme (EU-ETS), including intentions for similar unilateral measures, and called for immediate withdrawal of such actions that violate the multilateral rules-based system and adversely affect trust among parties.\"The statement came days ahead of a meeting called by the US in Washington on the same issue against the backdrop of its own stand of disagreeing with the BASIC countries' views towards setting up an international regime for carbon tax on aviation under the International Civil Aviation Organization and outside the ambit of UN climate convention.The BASIC nations also tried to set a clear intent for future climate negotiations. They noted that action would have to be taken on all counts, including finance, technology and adaptation and not just mitigation under the Durban Platform track of talks as some developed countries have been insisting.The joint statement said, \"Ministers reaffirmed that the ADP (Ad-hoc working group on Durban platform) shall plan its work, including, inter alia, on mitigation, adaptation, finance, technology development and transfer, transparency of action, and support and capacity-building.\"The four countries, which have emerged as a key group at climate talks, decided that their experts would also carry out scientific and technical analysis of unilateral measures on aviation and maritime emissions, and short-lived climate forcing greenhouse gases.The meeting comes days ahead of the Petersberg Climate Dialogue, organized by Germany in Berlin, where select key countries are expected to exchange views on the plans for 2012, including the big-ticket annual meeting at the end of the year in Qatari capital, Doha.The developing countries are keen to ensure that the balance of priorities, which existed in the track of negotiations that come to an end this year, is carried forward in the Durban Platform that started last year and is tasked to carve out a new global climate change regime by 2015 and operationalize it by 2020.The developed countries, along with fractions of the G77+China grouping that have more or less broken away such as the small island nations, have been pushing only on increased efforts to reduce emissions (or mitigation) while trying to delink it from the transfer of resources and technology that several larger developing countries have consistently opposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915006", "title": "New Maradu water project route gets govt approval", "text": "KOCHI: District administration has come up with an alternative route for laying the pipelines for the JNNURM drinking water project. The decision was taken at a meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy and the decision was formally announced by the district collector Sheik Pareeth on Saturday.Water resources minister P J Joseph, excise minister K Babu, mayor Tony Chammany and Kochi's MLAs were present at the meeting.The chief minister has asked Kerala Water Authority (KWA) - the nodal agency for the project - to complete pipeline works within six months. KWA officials said that around 70% work of treatment plant at Maradu has been completed.The cost of the project is project is Rs 210 crore. The project, which is expected to double the city's drinking water supply, was entangled in controversy for more than a year as locals opposed pipeline works. The project is expected to end the water woes faced by West Kochi.Pareeth said pipes would be laid by the end of August. \"Pipe will be laid along the four kilometre stretch from Arakkunnam to Pazhur through the main road. While the pipeline from Arakkunnam to Vattekkunnu near Mulanthuruthy - which comes to around nine kilometres - will go through interior roads,\" Pareeth said.\"Digging of trenches in interior roads will begin in August while the rest of the work will start after monsoon ends. The areas, where the pipeline will go through the main road, panchayat roads will be widened to make alternative traffic arrangements,\" he said.The committee of the local people, who had protested against the digging up of main roads, had suggested construction of a new road along the nine kilometre stretch.However, the meeting convened by the chief minister turned down the suggestion and approved the alternative introduced by the district administration. Had the proposal put forward by the locals been approved, the cost of the project would have escalated by Rs 32 crore.Kochi: Clearing a major hurdle in the way of 100 million littre a day (MLD) Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) drinking water project which is to cater to the needs of West Kochi area, the district administration has come up with an alternative route for laying pipeline for the project. The project which is expected to double the drinking water supply to the city by Kerala Water Authority (KWA) had been entangled in controversy as the locals opposed digging the main road for laying pipeline for more than a year.District Collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that laying of the pipes for the project would be started by the end of August. '' The pipe will be laid along four kilometre from Arakkunnam to Pazhur through the main road, while the pipeline from Arakkunnam to Vattekkunnu near Mulanthuruthy, which comes to around nine kilometre, will go through interior roads,'' Sheik Pareeth said. The decision was taken at a meeting convened by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy and attended by Water Resources Minister P J Joseph, Excise Minister K Babu, Mayor Tony Chammany and MLAs from the area. '' Digging of trench through interior roads will be started by August while the rest of the work will begin after ending the monsoon season. In the areas where the pipeline goes through the main road, panchayat roads will be widened so as to make alternative traffic arrangements,'' he said.The committee of the local people who put up resistance against digging up the main road had suggested construction of a new road along nine kilometres. But the meeting convened by the Chief Minister turned down the suggestion and approved the alternative introduced by the district administration. Had the proposal put forward by the locals been approved, the cost of the project would have escalated by Rs 32 crore.Chief Minister has asked the KWA, the nodal agency for the project, to complete the laying of pipeline within six months. The KWA officials said that around 70 per cent work of treatment plant at Maradu has been completed. The cost of the project is project is Rs 201 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14936279", "title": "Political support pours in for Baghpat village panchayat diktat on women", "text": "LUCKNOW: After Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU), the Rashtriya Lok Dal and All India Jat Arakshan Samiti (AIJAS) have also come out in support the diktat of a panchayat at the Asra village in Baghpat. The diktat puts restrictions on the movement of girls and women. A meeting was held in the village and it was decided that a Mahapanchayat will be held on July 21 in which khap panchayats from other parts of Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana will also be invited.RLD general secretary and Mathura MP Jayant Chaudhary reportedly visited the village on Saturday and later told reporters that the 'instructions' of the panchayat were 'suggestions' and not 'diktat'. Baghpat is parliamentary constituency of RLD chief and Chaudhary's father Ajit Singh , who is also union aviation minister in Congress led UPA government.On Wednesday, the panchayat in Asara village in Baghpat's Ramala area had issued instructions restricting movement of women and girls. The instructions included covering of head by women when ever they leave home, a complete ban on love marriages and those doing so would not be allowed to live in the village, no mobile phones for girls and only women above 40 years of age were allowed to venture out of house for work among other things. Local residents claimed the panchayat had issued the directives after a consensus was reached on them by members several communities living in the village.On Friday, Samajwadi Party leader and minority affairs minister Azam Khan had said that he does not find anything wrong in a 'group of villagers expressing their opinion'. Khan's statement was also seen as 'appeasment' of Muslims and hardliners in west UP from where Azam comes.BKU president and chief of Baliyan khap panchayat Naresh Tikait had also supported the diktat of Asra village panchayat.On Saturday, AIJAS president Yashpal Malik, who also visited the village, told TOI \"We endorse the decision taken by panchayat in Asra village and will ask all the panchayats in Uttar Pradesh and adjoining states to follow it. The decision in this regard will be taken at the Mahapanchayat to be held on July 21\". He said that a section of media is painting khap panchayats in bad light.\"We are also oppose to dowry system and female foeticide but it is not being highlighted. Instead the decision we take for orderliness in the society in accordance with our traditions are dubbed as 'talibani',\"he said. The decision taken by the panchayat in Asra was an 'advisory' and not a 'diktat', he added.\"The advisory also included restriction on boys from taking photograph of girls on mobile phone to check its misuse. Similarly, it restricted both men and women from using ear phones while walking or driving because it can lead to accident. Girls were asked not to visit a mela following complaints of eve-teasing. Boy found involved in eve-teasing were punished,\" he said.Further, Malik said \"Girls and women were asked to cover head as per the tradition. Restriction of love marriage has been after boys and girls of 15-16 years age eloped. This is the age for education and not marriage. It was clearly stated in the instructions that those who don't want to follow can go elsewhere, hence panchayat did not impose anything on people. In India, one finds variety of customs and traditions. In south, a girl can be married to maternal uncle but here a boy and girl of a village are considered to be siblings because for us entire village is a family.\"Pointing out towards the proposed law of the central government on banning khap panchayats, he warned that such a move will force Jats to launch an massive agitation.The AIJAS is an umbrella body of various Jat associations which was formed to push the demand of granting Jats status of other backward class and subsequent benefit of reservation in central government services and educational institutions. Jat is a highly patriarchal ethnic group having presence in Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs of north India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917527", "title": "Plan stays on paper, Okhla sinks", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 12-year-old Raju and his friends, the waterlogged roads in Okhla Industrial Area Phase III have become a source of easy money. On Saturday, the boys helped many cars and two-wheelers cross the waterlogged road and in return got tips from their owners.Natwar Jangid, a project manager with Design Plus, gave Rs 110 to these kids for the help. \"I would have got late for my meeting had these kids not helped. It is difficult to drive in the area but I have no option as this is the only route to my office. The roads in the area are badly damaged due to waterlogging,'' said Jangid.For the past one week, the main roads have been submerged in knee-deep water and Friday's shower just added to the mess. But Raju is happy as he is able to collect money for his ice-cream. \"We all buy ice-creams from the money we collect. There should be more waterlogging,\" said Raju.However, thousands of office-goers in Okhla Industrial Area Phase III can't stop cursing the civic agencies. The area not only houses many factories, stores and headquarters of MNCs, but close to a lakh people visit the locality every day. Still the area has been in a state of neglect for nearly a decade.The Delhi government's attempt to redevelop the area seems to be heading nowhere. Blaming erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi for the mess in industrial areas in the city, the Delhi government handed over the maintenance of industrial areas to Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation in December last year. But DSIIDC is yet to carry out basic maintenance work here.\"The area was handed over to DSIIDC in December 2011 and we have withdrawn our staff from there,'' said Manish Gupta, commissioner South Delhi Municipal Corporation.\"The sewers are overflowing. The approach roads have been flooded for nearly a week now but the government has made no arrangements. The pump was sent just two days back and the operators are unable to drain water from the road,'' said RC Aggarwal who works with a company. DSIIDC has provided just one pump for the entire Okhla Phase III.The roundabout near Moser Baer's office has become an accident prone area. \"Every monsoon, there is massive waterlogging at the roundabout and this has made the spot accident-prone. The roundabout is a breeding ground of mosquitoes and other water borne diseases. The civic agencies must take immediate steps to resolve the problems,'' said a spokesperson of Moser Baer.The area association is planning to meet Industries minister Ramakant Goswami to discuss the issue. \"The area has been in a state of neglect for many years now. We have requested Ramakant Goswami to direct DSIIDC to deploy more staff during monsoon,' said Ranjan Sharma, general secretary, Okhla Industrial Area Phase III association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918842", "title": "Fees of 49 colleges regularized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The regularized fee structures of 49 self-financed colleges were declared by the Justice (retd) Akshay Mehta fee regulatory committee on Saturday. Increases of between Rs 3,000 to 12,000 have been made as the fees were changed from ad-hoc to regular.Officials said colleges authorities had asked for fee hikes ranging from Rs 41,000 to Rs 1,24,000. \"We have however affected a fee hike which is average so that the parents are not overburdened when their students opt for admission to professional courses next week,\" a fee regulatory committee official said.The fee regulatory committee has sought three-year details of finances from these colleges and their audit reports were also checked. There are 12 institutions which failed to furnish these details following which their ad-hoc fee has been fixed as regular pay. These include the MPharm course run by Ahmedabad University.The fees of ME and MTech courses range from Rs 85,000 to Rs 1,00,000. MPharm fees have been regularized to between Rs 95,000 and Rs 1,30,000 depending on the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916357", "title": "19-year-old arrested for rape", "text": "NAGPUR: Nandanvan police arrested a youngster after family members of a 16-year-old girl lodged a complaint against him on Friday. Chetan Khorgade, 19, working at a cloth shop, had been in a relation with Pranali (name changed) for the last couple of years. It has come to fore that Khorgade had left for an unknown destination with Pranali on July 10.He returned after three days. Pranali's family members approached police with the complaints of kidnapping and rape against Khorgade. Police said that the offences had to be registered despite Khorgade's and Pranali being in a relationship as the girl was minor. Khorgade was presented before the court which remanded him to police custody till July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14917433", "title": "Court craft could never be minimalist: Ritu Kumar", "text": "KOLKATA: What has Louis Vuitton or Chanel got to do with Hooghly, Howrah or Dumdum? For that matter, what does Chandraketu Garh have to do with Ritu Kumar? An enormous lot, it came to light when the fashion revivalist spoke to TOI after launching her Panchavastra line - an ode to the five divas of Mahabharat: Amba, Ganga, Draupadi, Kunti, Gandhari.As an Art History student in America, Ritu had realised in mid-60s that she knew little about Indian art. On her return, when marriage brought her to this city, she used the opportunity to study Museology at the Ashutosh Museum. Established under Calcutta University in 1937, it housed some of the rarest folk art and craft collections of Bengal - rather, India - including patachitras, palmleaf manuscripts, ritual objects, kanthas, patchwork quilts, balucharis...\"Back then it was the only course that could bring me up on the history of Indian art. And I found the teachers extremely serious. They periodically conducted rural culture surveys and undertook archaeological excavations. They dug up mounds in Chandraketu Garh that yielded innumerable little sculptures. I lived at a stretch for a while when they were digging, and that exposed me to the Bengal countryside. I saw the looms at work and handblock print at Srirampur which, as part of the Dutch settlement, used to print on Bhagalpur silk and export it. And I saw embroidery.\"If the Museum connect helped the ace designer make inroads into Indian crafts, she built upon it to start an outlet on Rafi Ahmed Street. \"Here, one Diwali eve, I asked an old man at the store if he'd stitch on some glitters on dupattas for gifts. He agreed and the next day he showed up with two kids...\"That was the beginning of a journey that led to the brand Ritu Kumar, the most exquisite garments in silk and leather, the beauty pageants of Aishwarya Rais and Sushmita Sens, the fusion of blockprints and zardozi on Western outfits that turned Princess Diana , Jemima, Anoushka Shankar et al into clientele of Indian dresses... \"For, through the kids I discovered a whole world of craftsmen who'd kept alive the tradition of the Mughals and nawabs.\"How did these artisans become masters of chumkis and sequins that're so far removed from the simple kanthas of Bengal's backyard? \"We're awful when it comes to recording history but,\" Ritu invokes British historians to add that \"Wajid Ali Shah moved with an entire court and full entourage. Most likely, then, that ancestors of these people travelled here and settled in hundreds of islets around the city, making embroidery their mainstay.\" If earlier they made the khilats or coats for the nobles and ambassadors who came to the Mughal courts, in imperial times they embroidered the coat of arms and insignias for British commanders and generals. After Independence they continued to embroider the badges for public schools in India and abroad, and \"today they supply the Louis Vuittons and Chanels with all their embroidery,\" adds Ritu who went through trunkloads of garments belonging to India's erstwhile royalty before penning the definitive Costumes and Textiles of Royal India.\"And till date they're not a kharkhana or organised sector,\" says the designer whose fashionwear benefited the multidextrous craftsmen as they went out to the world. \"It is still a guild - a family or community kind of business.\" That is why they don't migrate to the cities - people seek them out when they want the grace of zardozi!\"What was the fallout when the gold and silver thread, or the gems, pearls and mother-of-pearl that accounted for its richness and elegance had to be replaced by metal, plastic, glass? \"It nearly spelt its deathknell,\" says Ritu. \"But, being a court craft, zardozi could never be minimalist. So, among the first things I did was cover up the metal wires with textiles. Now of course we get much better quality stuff from abroad.\"Effectively Ritu Kumar has established that, with her kind of vision, handmade ghararas, shararas, pathanis and saris can be more glamorous than any machine-made suits and gowns. Why do our Ladies at Cannes still insist on Oscar de la Rentas and Chanels? \"Perhaps we carry a colonial baggage,\" broods Ritu. \"No harm in experimenting,\" she adds, \"and fashion can't be dictated,\" she knows. \"But when the West feels we're fashionable in our dresses, why do we feel uncomfortable in our skin?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "14921641", "title": "Textile ministry mulls hire purchase, lease to push modernisatio", "text": "Malegaon: In a move to boost the modernization and upgradation of decentralized powerloom clusters, the ministry of textiles has decided to provide shuttle-less and air-jet powerlooms on a hire purchase and lease basis to weavers at such textile establishments.\"A committee comprising textile ministry officials, financial experts and industrialists has been set up to oversee the availability of advanced machines on hire purchase or lease to weavers of decentralised powerloom clusters so that the objective of totally modernizing the textile industry is achieved as early as possible\", secretary, of the ministry of textiles Kiran Dingra said at a meeting at the textile commissioner's office in Mumbai early this week.Dingra said that the ministry would also officially communicate with the National Small Industries Corporation (NSIC) to know why it discontinued a similar scheme in the past and if the scheme could be re-started for the powerloom sector.Joint textile commissioner S. Balaraju said that the ministry had, in the 11th five year plan, mooted various initiatives and schemes to modernize the powerloom industry. \"However, these efforts had helped in providing only 1.05 lakh shuttle-less looms,\" Balaraju said.He added that Balaraju said that the decision to provide shuttle-less and air-jet powerlooms on lease to the weavers of the decentralised textile clusters was taken keeping in mind the present global challenges faced by the industry. \"Weavers should realize that plain looms do not have any future. They may continue for some more time only to catering to low-end and low -value customer needs but will eventually be phased out over the next 10 to 15 years due to unfavourable economies of scale and labour intensity, \" Balaraju said.With Bhiwandi and Malegaon alone having a total of nine lakh and two lakh plain powerlooms respectively, more than half of India's 22 lakh plain powerlooms are in Maharashtra. The ministry has assessed that three plain looms would be replaced by one shuttle-less or air-jet powerloom. with an average speed of 400 rpm/750 mtrs WIR.Therefore 22 lakh plain looms would need around 7.33 lakh shuttle-less looms for a total modernization of the existing capacity.\"It would require a heavy resource commitment but would eventually yield unparallel economies of scale to gain dominance in global textil production and trade, \" Balaraju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916974", "title": "Tata Power asks govt to infuse cash", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent power tariff revision has raised the price of electricity for Delhiites but discoms continue to complain about the quantum of hike allowed by Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC).In a letter to the Delhi government last week, Tata Power Delhi said the surcharge of 8% to recover dues was insufficient. It has asked the government to act quickly on its request for capital infusion of Rs 250 crore, claiming the liquidity crisis would continue for a few months despite the tariff hike and surcharge. The amount will be matched by parent company Tata Power. \"We wish to clarify that the recent tariff revision announced by DERC would certainly make the tariff cost reflective. However, the 8% surcharge allowed by DERC would be barely sufficient to cover the past revenue gap of approximately Rs 4,265 crore as on end-June, 2012. Thus, the liquidation of revenue gap would take a longer period and till that period, we would be required to borrow to repay the principal and accrued interest,'' reads the letter, written by chief financial officer Ajay Kapoor to the government's power department.The power regulator last month announced new electricity tariff across domestic, commercial and industrial categories.While the overall increase in tariffs is a high 20.87%, domestic category consumers have been hit the hardest with a steep tariff increase of approximately 26%.The new tariffs will were implemented from July 1. As per the new tariff chart, BSES Rajdhani consumers will pay higher tariff of 25.47%, BSES Yamuna consumers 24.29% and Tata Power Delhi consumers will pay the highest tariff 27.88%. The domestic category hike is inclusive of a surcharge announced also announced by DERC to recover past deficits for financial year 2012-13 for private discoms BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Power Delhi. Another major change in the tariffs is that quarterly fuel price adjustment (FAC) would be replaced with the quarterly power purchase adjustment (PPA) mechanism that has created a distinction in tariffs of all three private discoms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14915244", "title": "Woman seeks equal status among wives", "text": "KOCHI: Islam calls for maintaining justice or fairness among wives by Muslim men opting for polygamy. However, a woman, who approached the Kerala high court fearing injustice from her husband after his second marriage, has raised the question why any statutory body isn't insisting that men engaged in polygamy should maintain equality among wives.In a petition filed before the high court, Shejina, a resident of Thalappilly in Thrissur, demanded that the existing practice of permitting a Muslim male to have four wives at the same time without fulfilling the various conditions insisted by the Islamic law should be declared illegal and unconstitutional.While strict Islamic law calls for ability to maintain justice among wives as the only criterion for polygamy, many Islamic countries have laid down additional conditions such as obtaining permission from existing wives or being able to physically satisfy all the wives.Shejina approached the high court in 2009 upon learning that her husband Shefeer is planning to marry a woman named Bushra without nullifying the marriage with her. Fearing that she would be ousted from the house once her husband marries again, she also approached the family court of Thrissur and obtained an injunction restraining Shefeer from ousting her from the house. While her plea was still pending to be disposed before the family court and HC, Shefeer married Bushra. When her petition was finally heard by the high court, Shejina's additional prayer in the petition, that her husband shouldn't be allowed to marry again without fulfilling the conditions laid down in Islamic lawregarding maintaining equality, had become infructuous as the marriage was already over.Division bench comprising justice K T Sankaran and justice M L Joseph Francis disposed the petition based on the submission by Shejina's counsel Nagaraj Narayanan that the plea should be allowed to be withdrawn to be presented again as public interest litigation. \"Many Islamic nations have laid down strict conditions for polygamy such as obtaining consent of existing wife , ability to satisfy all wives, and maintaining fairness among wives. India has the second largest Muslim population in the world.However, scant regard is given to the condition of equality here,\" said Narayanan.The PIL demanding that Muslim men should be allowed to marry more than once only if they fulfil conditions as per Islamic law would be filed in a week, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14919690", "title": "Woman succumbs to burn injuries", "text": "MAPUSA: A 32-year-old woman from Korgao in Pernem taluka died of burn injuries on Friday evening.Pernem police said Kripali, wife of Kishor Kamulkar, and a resident of Deulwada in Korgao suffered the injuries while handling an oil lamp on July 6.She suffered major burn injuries in the incident and was shifted to the Goa Medical College and Hospital, Bambolim, where she expired while undergoing treatment.After conducting all formalities, the body was handed over to Kripali's relatives by the police.Pernem police have registered a case of unnatural death and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14920220", "title": "Governor HR Bhardwaj tells CM to focus on drought", "text": "BANGALORE: Expressing concern over the looming threat of Karnataka's worst drought in the past 42 years, governor HR Bhardwaj on Saturday reportedly told chief minister Jagadish Shettar to mobilize all his manpower and resources to tackle it.At their meeting which lasted for 40 minutes at Raj Bhavan, the governor wanted to know what measures the government had taken so far. He also wanted information on the districts and taluks affected by drought. Though Shettar announced a Rs 136-crore package to tackle drinking water scarcity following a video-conference with deputy commissioners of districts on Friday, a lot more needs to be done.Due to political instability for a month, no firm decisions were being taken to tackle drought. In his first cabinet meeting, Shettar instructed all his ministers to return to their constituencies and look into drought alleviation and not to worry about portfolio allotment.From Sept. 2011 to June-end 2012, the state received just 231mm of rain against the average of 673mm. From June 1 to July 13, 2012, Karnataka received just 180.7mm of rain against the average of 311.1mm, a deficit of 57%. Except Bidar, no Karnataka districts received sufficient rain. It is deficit in 18 districts and scanty in 11.Tainted ministersBhardwaj again raised the tainted ministers' issue. While reportedly expressing unhappiness over the CM ignoring his advice and inducting these ministers into the cabinet, the governor is learnt to have told Shettar not to give important portfolios to them. They are five such ministers: CP Yogeshwar, V Somanna, Murugesh R Nirani, CT Ravi and MP Renukacharya.The governor also reportedly asked the CM to appoint a non-controversial Lokayukta at the earliest.Kharola is principal secretaryPradeep Singh Kharola, commissioner, Bangalore Development Authority, was appointed principal secretary to the chief minister. He replaces ISN Prasad who was posted to the IT department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14920333", "title": "World's 'best' consultant to draw up Goa's tourism plan", "text": "PANAJI: The government has decided to appoint a consultant to prepare the master plan to enhance and bring about quality tourism in the state.This was stated in a written reply to the House by tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, who was replying to a question tabled by Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane. Parulekar said that the world's best consultancy services would be appointed to formulate the new tourism policy and a comprehensive tourism development master plan. \"The government also plans to constitute a board for the promotion and development of all tourism-related activities,\" he said in his reply.Parulekar said that the government is not aware that shack owners occupy entire stretches of beach by placing benches. \"The government is aware that the beach area should be kept free from all encroachments,\" Parulekar said while replying to a question tabled by Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte on the encroachment by shack owners.He also said that the government shall take every step to streamline illegalities, if any, on the beaches through the appointment of a full-fledged security force/tourist police to keep a watch on the deck-beds, tables, chairs, etc to keep beaches free from encroachments. Parulekar, in his written reply, also said that the new policy for beach shack and deck-beds would be formulated shortly and implemented from the 2012-2013 tourist season. Parulekar told the House that in the last financial year, 4.51 lakh international tourists had visited the state and as a general trend it is seen that tourists from South-East Asian countries, Nordic countries and the USA are higher spending than those from other countries.The minister also said that the new water sports policy is being worked out in discussion with the captain of ports, marine and coastal police. The government has plans to develop marinas in the state and is open to developing these marinas under the public private partnership (PPP) or any other method to encourage investment, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14919795", "title": "Ramzan: A date with dates", "text": "HYDERABAD: The pious month of abstinence, Ramzan, supports a multi-crore business that revolves around the staple diet during the holy month. Muslims across the world break their fast with dates and a glass of water, a tradition that comes down from the Prophet. The business of dates at Begum Bazaar peaks during this month and the total sales during the holy month alone is estimated to be worth Rs 500 crore.The growing date business is best reflected in the new entrants in the market. This year at least 20 new varieties of dates from the Middle East are being introduced bringing up the number of varieties of dates in the market to around 40. With 5,000 tons of dates in 500 trucks arriving this season, the 400 dry fruit traders in the choking but bustling Begum Bazaar dry fruit market are expecting handsome returns like every year.Brands from Iran, Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Algeria have already reached godowns of traders of the city. Raj Kumar, proprietor, Kashmir House, said, \"The business of dates in Ramzan in Andhra Pradesh in general and Hyderabad in particular is unlike anywhere in the country and the turnover runs into hundreds of crores. Though dates are available throughout the year, it is only in Ramzan that such phenomenal business activity is seen. The popular choices this year are varieties of brands from Iran and Saudi Arabia such as Mariyam, Hozafati, Shayani and Ajwa.\"Imported from the Middle East, dates arrive at the port cities of Jamnagar in Gujarat and Mumbai. It is from here that wholesalers procure dates and retailers in turn buy dates from them. Ironically, hardly any indigenous dates arrive in the market. A trader requesting anonymity noted that dry dates, though less in quantity, come from Pakistan. He added that Andhra Pradesh was the only state in which the business of dates is conducted in 'white'.Industry experts said that there would be an increase in the price of dates by up to 40% and added that the prices would be between Rs 60 and Rs 400 per kilogram, depending on the variety of dates as against last year's lowest priced variety sold at Rs 40 per kilogram.Meanwhile, text messages were doing the rounds in the city ahead of Ramzan urging Muslims to boycott Israeli dates. However, traders maintained that the arrivals of Israeli dates this year has virtually stopped. \"After the fatwa which was issued last year upholding the boycotting of Israeli dates there have been virtually no buyers. So we decided to scrap them,\" said a trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14920275", "title": "Salmona sees trouble as 'mob' trespasses", "text": "Calangute: A resident of Saligao has lodged a police complaint alleging that a group of people trespassed into his property over a period of five days recently, attempting to stop construction activity being undertaken by him.Mario Lobo, a resident of Salmona springs, Saligao, told Calangute police that a \"mob\", between 30-40 people, trespassed into his property between July 5 and 9 and threatened his employees and supervisors with dire consequences if the construction work in his property was not stopped. Lobo alleged that the group was instigated by Annie Coelho and her husband, Edward, further alleging that Felix Fernandes and Peter Fernandes were also parties to the incident.Police say previous enmity over the property is the cause of the dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14942341", "title": "Tarun Gogoi asks cops to check crime against women", "text": "GUWAHATI: Shocked by the July 9 incident of mob molestation of a girl on a city street, chief minister Tarun Gogoi is now taking personal initiative to stop the growing rate of crime against women in the state, which was the second highest in the country in 2011, according to National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB).The NCRB report for 2011 shows there were 1193 cases of molestation in the state of which 173 were in Guwahati and its surroundings. The highest number of such cases, 210, was in the westernmost district of Dhubri. Incidents of molestation in the state, last year, comprised 3.8 per cent of total crime against women in the state.However, according to NCRB, the rate of chargesheets by police in molestation cases in the state the same year was 64.3 per cent, which was the lowest in the country. The national rate was 96.6 per cent.\"This is shocking. How can we be number two in crime against women in the country? We ought to be at the top of the table in terms of development, not crime and that too against women,\" said Gogoi said. Additional chief secretary Emily Choudhury, who has been asked by the chief minister to probe the incident and submit her report within 15 days, has already started the enquiry on Saturday, a source said.Gogoi has now instructed police to be firm to check the menace of crime against women. \"I have told the DGP, as well as the principal secretary of home department, to act tough on those police personnel who failed to do their duty on July 9,\" added Gogoi. He said he has already ordered setting up of a task force to tackle crime against women.The chief minister wants police to step up vigil with intense patrolling of the city at night. \"The bars also need to be monitored strictly,\" he added. Nationally, Madhya Pradesh topped the NCRB's 2011 chart in molestation with 6665 cases.Among the northeastern states, Assam is at the top in terms of molestation cases in 2011, while Tripura registered 294 cases, Meghalaya (74), Mizoram (72), Arunachal Pradesh (51), Manipur (38) and Nagaland (9).The rate of conviction in molestation cases in the state in 2011 was just 8.5 per cent, dismally far below the national rate of 27.4 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14920475", "title": "Unknown man found dead in Chapora river", "text": "Mapusa: A highly decomposed body of a male person was found floating in the Chapora river at Shirgal-Dhargalim in Pernem taluka late Friday afternoon. The Pernem police fished out the unidentified body from the river.An inquest was conducted and the body was referred to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, for identification. Police said that the body was of a male person aged between about 35 and 40 years.The deceased was wearing jeans and a T-shirt and was 5 feet 5 inches tall.Pernem police registered a case of unnatural death and said that further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14948780", "title": "Pranitha set to Romance Surya", "text": "Pranitha, the girl who romances Karthi in the recently released flick Saguni, is all set to romance Karthi's brother Surya too, albeit in the movie Thuppariyum Aanandhan.The media earlier reported that the director Gautham Vasudev Menon is gearing up with a new script tentatively titled Thuppariyum Aanandhan . Earlier, the only news officially confirmed about the movie was that Surya is going to play the role of protagonist. However, now it seems as if Gautham Menon has confirmed the casting of female lead in the movie too. According to the sources close to the movie unit, Gautham Menon has decided to cast Pranitha opposite Surya in the mega budget flick.The source adds that Gautham Menon has decided to give more space to the romance in the script of Thuppariyum Aanandhan , although the movie's main theme revolves around the protagonist's detective heroics. The source also says that the movie is a period flick set in the 1930's and 1940's, and that Surya would undergo a complete change of his look for this role. The source further states that the Khakha Khakha director wished a not - so - familiar face to play the female lead, as he wanted to give a fresh look for the movie. It seems as if this is the reason why he chose Pranitha to romance Surya onscreen.Pranitha, according to the circles close to her, is on cloud nine now. Although her recent release Sagun i did not garner good critics' comments, the movie seems to be doing well with mass audiences. In addition to the success of Saguni, she has already bagged a huge offer with Thuppariyum Aanandhan , which will allow her to star in the first big movie of her career. In Saguni , Pranitha did not have a good role to play, except appearing for the songs. However, everyone knows that Gautham Menon's movies give scope of acting for the female lead actors. Hence, Pranitha seems to be overwhelmed with joy!Source: http://www.dailomo.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14943553", "title": "Infant dies as balcony collapses", "text": "VARANASI: In a tragic incident, Dolly, a six-month-old girl, was killed while her mother Shanti (22) sustained serious injuries when the part of a balcony collapsed in Sudamapur area under Bhelupur police station on Saturday morning.According to reports, one Shriprakash Chaurasia, a retired employee, lives in Sudamapur while Dinesh Chaurasia resides in his neighbourhood. On Saturday morning Dinesh's wife Shanti along with her daughter Dolly was sitting at a platform outside the house of Shriprakash.In the meantime a monkey jumped on the dilapidated balcony of the house due to, which its parts collapsed and fell on Dolly and she died on the spot.Seriously injured Shanti was rushed to hospital where her condition was stated to be stable. On receiving information of incident the ADM City MP Singh and SP City SK Singh reached the incident site.Later, the Varanasi Nagar Nigam swung into action to take note of dilapidated buildings in city area, which can collapse during rainy season.The VNN team also demolished the parts of a dilapidated building in Aurangabad area. Due to the action of VNN some owners of in old city localities like Teliabagh also engaged labourers voluntarily to demolish the parts of their buildings.SuicideRahul Yadav (18), a native of Chandpur under Manduadih police station committed suicide by hanging with the ceiling of his house on Friday night.Reports stated that his father Shyamu, former gram pradhan of Chandpur had also committed suicide last year. The motive behind committing suicide by Rahul could not become clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14915157", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to make use of satellite imaging to determine green cover", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), which will soon be conducting its tree census, is planning to use global positioning technology (GPS) and satellite imaging to determine the tree cover in the city.Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, PCMC, said, \"We are finalising the conditions of the bid for inviting agencies to conduct the census. We will invite the bids soon. By the year-end, once the census is over, we will know about the exact percentage of the tree cover.\"He said, \"We want to use the GPS technology for the tree census. There are some companies in Bangalore who have the expertise in the field and are able to identify trees through satellite imaging.\"According to the last tree census, which was conducted in 2006, there were 18 lakh trees in the city and there was 28 percentage of tree cover.Kadam said the civic body has planted around eight lakh trees after 2006 and there are an estimated 22 lakh trees in the city now.Meanwhile, the PCMC will be undertaking a tree plantation programme this year, wherein around 1.5 lakh saplings will be planted in the defence areas, bordering the municipal limits, at the Aundh military camp and the College of Military Engineering, Kadam said.\"We have held discussions with the defence authorities and told them to specify the area where the saplings can be planted,\" he saidPimpri-Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande told mediapersons that another tree plantation drive, which will start on July 22, will be held the year through for conservation of environment and trees as part of the birth centenary celebrations of the state's first chief minister Yashwantrao Chavan.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has said that the local elected representatives, citizens, reputed people, organisations, schools and housing societies be consulted in deciding the spots where the saplings will be planted and also the species that are to be grown.While appealing that citizens participate in the tree plantation drive, Lande said the civic body will felicitate people and organisations that successfully participate in the drive.The civic body will provide free saplings to the social and voluntary organisations, government and semi-government offices, schools and colleges that will participate in the tree plantation drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14942466", "title": "Gang of chain snatchers busted", "text": "RAJKOT: A seven-member gang of chain snatchers was busted by the city crime branch officials on Saturday.The arrests were made, following a tip-off about two persons trying to sell off a gold chain at Soni Bazaar in Mandvi Chowk, the officials said. Of the arrested duo, one was a minor identified as Irfan Mithani, 17, a resident of Chunaravad, and the other was his accomplice Lakhan Malani, 18.\"The duo was caught while trying to sell a gold chain worth Rs 32,000. During their interrogation, they confessed to having snatched it from a woman. Our investigation revealed that the chain snatching victim was Jaishree Bhindora, a Vankaner resident. When Jaishree visited Rajkot along with her husband, the duo snatched her chain. We called Jaishree to the police station and she identified the accused duo,\" said a crime branch official.Later, during interrogation, the duo gave the names of other gang members and their whereabouts. Following this, a team of crime branch officials raided their hideouts and rounded them up. The other gang members were identified as Gopal Solanki, 19, Shankar Rajput, 20, Bhavesh Bambhania alias Bhodi, 21, Samir Agwan, 19, and Vijay Od, 21.During their interrogation, the gang members confessed to having committed as many as 15 crimes of chain snatching. Of these incidents, only four have been registered by the police as complaints in other incidents are yet to be filed.The accused said they used to travel on two-wheelers to target victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918646", "title": "Rs 4L spurious liquor seized", "text": "CHENNAI: The prohibition enforcement wing police on Friday arrested two men and seized Rs four lakh worth spurious liquor smuggled from Puducherry during a routine vehicle check at Maduravoyal.Around 5am, a special police team intercepted a Maruti 800 car and found 360 bottles of 'Green Magic' brandy in 30 cartons. The occupants, V Shankar Ganesh, 28, of Devakottai in Sivaganga, and S Sivakumar, 36, of Subramaniyapuram in Sivaganga, confessed the liquor was smuggled from Puducherry.Police said Shankar Ganesh, who worked in a bar on Anna Salai in Puducherry, had been smuggling liquor from there and supplying it to bootleggers in Chennai, Trichy, Villupuram and Pazhaverkadu. He confessed to having bought the bottles for Rs 130 each and planning to sell them for Rs 155 each.Sivakumar, who was employed in Malaysia since 2008, returned home in 2011, and became involved in the trade with Shankar Ganesh, police said.A team headed by ADGP C K Gandhirajan and additional deputy commissioner of police S Jayakumar made the arrests.Earlier, on May 15, police seized a huge cache of spurious liquor and arrested five people near Maduravoyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14925266", "title": "Himachal Pradesh fears shifting of ITBP battalion may revive terrorism in Chamba", "text": "SHIMLA: Fearing that shifting of ITBP battalion from Chamba can revive terrorist activities along the borders, Himachal Pradesh government has opposed decision of the Union home ministry to shift the battalion by October 30. Chamba shares the 216km border with Jammu &amp; Kashmir and is closely located to Doda-Bhaderwah and Kishtwar region, once the hub of terrorism in J&amp;K.; ITBP was deployed in 1998 after 32 Hindus were gunned down in Chamba.As the intelligence agencies and local police have indicated that situation is not conducive for the shifting of ITBP especially with state heading for assembly polls, the state government is opposing the move. People in Himachal Pradesh were left shocked after terrorists killed 32 Hindus, mostly labourers, at Kalaban and Satrundi areas of Chamba district on August 3, 1998.For the past14 years, ITBP personnel and Himachal Pradesh police have been guarding the border. But now, the Union home ministry wants to shift ITBP from Chamba on the grounds that in the past many years, no terrorism-related incident has happened in the area.After the Union home ministry sent a communication to the state government about shifting of the battalion, it is being feared that terrorists could again start using area along the border in Himachal as hideouts during security forces launching combing operations in J&K; areas. Moreover, combat skills of ITBP personnel are far superior to HP police.Himachal Pradesh DGP Daljeet Singh Manhas said that the Union government has already been conveyed that situation is not conducive enough to shift ITBP from the border area. He said there are intelligence inputs indicating that ITBP is still needed along the border in Chamba.\"Based on inputs provided by Chamba SP and the intelligence agencies besides considering the upcoming assembly polls, we have informed the Centre that it would not be appropriate to shift the ITBP battalion,\" he said.Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal also took up the issue with home minister P Chidambaram during the meeting of Northern Zonal Council in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923445", "title": "Cops hunt for source of chemicals used in Versova pest control", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators looking into the deaths of Versova siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle are now making inquiries into the source of chemicals used by contractor Rukhsar Almelkar for pest control at the Chougle home.Almelkar is currently in police custody for carrying out pest control without a licence. Amlekar used to buy chemicals for pest control from a shop in Borivli, said the police. \"We are trying to find out how the shopkeeper gave her the chemicals when they are not allowed to be sold over the counter. The chemical used for pest control is hard in nature and is not meant for use at occupied places. More arrests are likely in the case,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, cops have gone through the cellphone records of the siblings' mother, Farzana, and found a text message from Amlekar, cautioning them against entering the fumigated bedroom for 24 hours.\"Rameez's body was not sent for post-mortem. The family's homoeopath prepared a death certificate, citing natural death, and the police used the certificate to allow burial,\" said Almelkar's lawyer.On Saturday, workers took down posters of Almelkar's pest control company that were pasted on walls in Yari Road.The police are now planning to make inquiries with doctors who treated Rehab at Criticare and Kokilaben Ambani hospitals. Dr Ram Narain, medical director of Kokilaben Ambani Hospital, said the physician-intensivist who treated Rehab was away and will resume work early next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918472", "title": "Seniors start online network to help engineering freshers", "text": "CHENNAI: Sindhu Krishnan, a final year BE student of the Guindy College of Engineering, stands pretty in a chic kurti, looking every bit the protective college senior that she is. Even while she gives an update on what the college's Tech Forum is up to, she keeps an eye out for anybody who looks like a fresher, on the campus to attend counselling for admissions.As soon as S Hariharan hesitantly casts a look at the inviting blue stall put up by the forum at Anna University, Sindhu walks up to him and leads him to the stall, where he signs up to be part of a social network that will help him fit into the college quicker. The band of students from the college's Tech Forum is making an attempt to reach out to freshers to help them make the leap from school to college.\"We want to set up an online network of first year students joining the top 10 engineering colleges in the state, to help them make the transition from school to college. We can give them tips on settling down, how to study even,\" said V Maheshwar, another final year student and a member of the forum.For the first time, the Tech Forum, which co-ordinates the biggest technical festival on the campus - Kurukshetra - has planned to provide mentoring services to freshers. The forum promises to help members make informed decisions on what technical projects to work on, going overseas for higher education and research among other issues. \"This way we can collaborate across institutions for coming up with solutions for industry-relevant problems too,\" said Adarsh Murthy, another member of the forum.\"We have several students coming in from across the state. For many of them, it's the first time that they are part of a cosmopolitan group. It will help newcomers settle down fast if they have somebody to guide them in the initial days. It could also keep away the menace of ragging,\" said a senior faculty member in Anna University.When Hariharan, who has secured a seat in the college, comes back to attend classes in August, he will not be completely on his own. \"It will be comforting to know somebody already when I enter the college. I will be staying in the hostel, so if I feel homesick I can hang out with seniors. One of them reminds me of my brother,\" he said. Around 200 freshers have already signed up to be part of the network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14918022", "title": "Only two of five roadways' AC Volvo bus routes are operational", "text": "GURGAON: Only two of the five routes of the recently started AC Volvo bus service seem to be operational at the moment. Haryana Roadways had started the super luxury Volvo bus service to Jaipur, Agra, Chandigarh, Katara and Haridwar in June this year.\"Bus service to Haridwar has been temporarily called off due to the movement of Kawad pilgrims and will hopefully restart after Shiv Ratri. For the time being, the Katara Bus service has been terminated due to heavy losses and low passenger count,\" said a transport official. Sources said that the plan for a Volvo bus service to Jaipur is stuck since the Jaipur Bus Terminal Authority is reluctant to give space to gurgaon buses. Once the problem is resolved, buses to Jaipur are expected to bring in a lot of revenue.Bus services to Agra and Chandigarh, on the other hand, are efficient and are doing very well. The demand for Chandigarh is so high that two more buses will be added to the fleet by the end of this month. The bus to Agra leaves everyday at 7.15 am while the buses to Chandigarh leave seven times a day from 1am to 11pm. Commuters are immensely satisfied as the buses are comfortable, frequent and cheap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14947418", "title": "Had a tutor to pick up Tamil: Sudhanshu", "text": "Having played inspector in films like Murder 2 and Singham, Sudhanshu plays the bad guy this time around. In the city recently at an event to promote Billa 2, Sudhanshu hopes to be accepted by the audience in the south.\"This is the first time I'm playing a villain in my career, and I hope the south Indian audience accepts me as a bad guy. I have always enjoyed south Indian cinema, and have grown up admiring Rajnikanth, Kamal Hassan and Mohan Lal, who are my favourite actors,\" the actor says.He adds that he underwent classes with a tutor to pick up Tamil for his role in Billa 2 . \"My own voice has been used in the film, and I underwent intense sessions with a tutor to pick up the phonetics,\" he stresses.Having made his film debut opposite Akshay Kumar in Khiladi 420 , Sudhanshu talks about his comfort levels with his co-star, who he also acted alongside in Singh is Kinng . \"Akshay is like an elder brother to me, and we have a blast on the sets, conversing in Punjabi and cracking jokes. I have been at the receiving end of his pranks too,\" he says, terming Akshay a prankster.Sudhanshu, who was part of Band of Boys , adds that he would love to sing in his films someday. \"Music is the language of the heart, and I would love to sing in my films, if I get the chance,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941611", "title": "Doctor lends out helping hand to woman", "text": "RANCHI: After much ado, Sonali Mukherje has finally received help from a city-based doctor. Plastic surgeon Anant Sinha has come forward to provide free medical treatment and if needed, a job at his hospital to Mukherjee.After seeking justice and help from government for over nine years to no avail, Sonali recently approached Union minister for women and child development Krishna Tirath for help. However, her cries went unheard.\"I can understand the plight of the victim but she need not worry. I will treat her free of cost at my hospital and if needed even give her a job at my hospital for sustenance,\" said Sinha.Sonali was allegedly sexually abused for years by three youths when she was in her teens. Finally, when she refused to oblige to their demands, the youths attacked her with acid. The incident left her completely blind and partially deaf.Since 2003, Sonali and her father kept visiting hospitals for treatment and running from pillar to post seeking justice. In this process they have spent their entire savings and also sold their ancestral land.Police sources said that the victim and her family members are afraid since two of her attackers, Tapas Mitra and Sanjay Paswan, were released on bail six years ago. The third accused Brahmadev Hajra was let off as he was a juvenile at the time of crime. tnn\"To add to their woes, Sonali and her family were forced to abandon their home in Dhanbad, after receiving threat calls from the attackers, few years back,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14945926", "title": "Sridevi is Priya Anand's idol", "text": "Priya Anand is all set to enter Bollywood as her debut film English Vinglish is set for release. The film will see her share screenspace with her favourite idol, Sridevi.Priya, naturally, is quite delighted to be in B-Town as she's recently begun work on her second Hindi flick too, which is titled Rangrez and is a remake of the Tamil hit Nadodigal.The actress, in a recent interview, confessed that she was awestruck while shooting with Sridevi, whom she considers her idol. Priya said that she used to always play Sridevi in the role play games in her childhood, enacting her songs and performances. Sweet, no?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940369", "title": "Trauma care at Capital Hospital not up to mark: High court team", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A three-member committee formed by Orissa high court to take a stock of health care facilities in the state has expressed dissatisfaction over the emergency and critical care infrastructure at Capital Hospital, the biggest government hospital in the city. It, however, was happy with the improved sanitation and environment in the hospital.\"The situation has improved since our last visit in case of hospital maintenance and cleanliness. But the hospital is lacking the kind of infrastructure, doctors and other staff required to cater to around 10 lakh people,\" said Pravat Ranjan Das, a member of the team.The hospital records a daily indoor and outdoor patient inflow of around 2000 and it should be converted to a medical college, but it cannot be done due to insufficient infrastructure, Das added.According to estimates, around 15 to 20 road accidents occur in and around Bhubaneswar everyday. \"But as the critical and trauma care facilities in the hospital are extremely poor, a large number of accident victims are forced to go to private hospitals and pay huge money on treatment,\" he said.The team also found that despite being entitled for free treatment through various government schemes, a large number of patients were paying money for the treatment as no one is asking them to show the cards. \"This is really unfortunate. We have advised the hospital authorities to make a note of the beneficiaries at the registration table itself ao that poor people are not harassed,\" said Dr P K Pradhan, a team member. There was need for more signage in the hospital, he added.The committee will submit its report to the state government soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14943799", "title": "No insecticide to control malaria", "text": "VARANASI: When the department concerned lacks insecticide to kill mosquitoes for the last two years, how can the city be safe from vector-borne diseases which spread during the monsoon season?For the last two years, district malaria office had not received insecticide named as 'Malathion Technical', which is used during the fogging to kill mosquitoes. \"We are making efforts to obtain the insecticide. It is out of stock,\" district malaria officer M A Khan said. The insecticide cannot be purchased directly from the Centre. It is made available through headquarters in Lucknow.Fogging in the city is the responsibility of Varanasi Nagar Nigam. VNN health officer V K Singh said that predominantly, fogging is the responsibility of district malaria office, the civic body only assists and supports the work.Dug-up roads and stagnant water in different parts of the city are providing breeding ground for mosquitoes. Condition had worsened in the rainy season. A number of low-lying areas are water-logged, providing stagnant water for mosquitoes to breed. Shivpurva, Veerdopur (Mahmoorganj), Manduadih, Kakarmatta, Bazardiha, Khojwan, Kolhua-Vinayaka, Nagwan, Samneghat and trans-Varuna areas like Pandeypur, Daulatpur, Paharia and Shivpur are plagued with the problem of stagnant water.\"Fogging cannot be done during the rainy season as it causes breathlessness to people. It will be done in September and October. By that time, people are advised to use mosquito nets, repellents and other escape routes to avoid mosquito bite,\" said Singh.July is being observed as anti-dengue month and malaria office is organising awareness and health check up camps to detect and control the disease. Khan said that so far 895 water containers containing stagnant water have been destroyed from the urban localities. \"There was no confirmed cases of dengue in 2010. In 2011, there were eight suspected cases. The disease mostly spreads in September and no case of eenue has been registered yet,\" Khan said.The malaria office is also organising camps to identify and treat the patients with vector-borne diseases. \"The camps are being organised in various urban and rural areas. Mainly kala azar, dengue, malaria, chikanguniya are detected in these camps. So far, 46 cases of malaria have been detected and the patients have been given treatment for 14 days,\" Khan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14918619", "title": "Viraj Prabhu makes a big splash at Junior National Aquatic Championships", "text": "CHENNAI: Viraj Prabhu, a 9th standard student of Fr Agnel School, Vashi made a golden splash for Maharashtra, on Friday, scooping three golds and two silver medals at the 39th Junior National Aquatic Championships being held Velachery Aquatic Complex in Chennai.Viraj's best came in the under-14 100metres freestyle event as he won with a time of 56.10 eclipsing the national record set by Olympian Virdhawal Khade at 56.83 seconds in 2005.The Mumbai boy also won the 50mts freestyle with a National record of 25.38 seconds to emerge as the fastest swimmer in boys under-14 category.He later anchored the 4x100 and 4x200mts relay for the state team bettering the national marks.The two silver medals for Viraj came in the 50 and 100mts backstroke wherein he also bettered the meet record in 50metres.On Saturday, the star for Maharashtra was Aakanksha Vora who won two gold medals and set two new records in the process.Her first gold came in the girls' (Group 2) 1500m freestyle with a time of 18 minutes 3.83 seconds, demolishing the existing record of 18 minutes 26.99 seconds set by Surabhi tipre of Maharashtra in 2007. It was one of the most comprehensive victories of the day as she finished more than a minute ahead of the runner-up, Tamil Nadu's Nikita Bhaiya.Aakansha followed it up with another scintillating performance in the girls' (group 2) 200m individual medley with a timing of 2 minutes 29.44 seconds breaking the record of 2 minutes 31. 43 seconds set by Kanchi Desai in 2010. Runner-up Jayaveena also finished ahead of Desai's record. While Maharashtra accounted for four golds in total, Karnataka's swimmers registered eight golds. Likith SP was the sole record breaker, setting a new mark in the boys' (Group 2) 200m individual medley with a timing of 2 minutes 20.12 seconds. The runner-up Jason Smith of Maharashtra also broke the record of 2 minutes 22.21 seconds set by Aditya Sangvekar of Maharashtra in 2003.Ganesh Salekar nets winning goalMUMBAI: Ganesh Salekar scored the winner in Das Football Academy's 1-0 win against Kajupada SC in a Third Division match of the MDFA League at the St Xavier's ground, Parel on Saturday.Results: Div-III: Das FA 1 (Ganesh Salekar) bt Kajupada 0; Vipul Gorai 2 (Amod Yadav, Saurav Tamba) bt Skorast FC 1 (Madan Pillay); Mubarak Hunters 2 ( Ismail Khan ) bt Toyo Engineering 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "14923407", "title": "Has Pak envoy to UN put in his papers?", "text": "NEW YORK: Pakistan's ambassador to the United Nations Abdullah Hussain Haroon will leave for home next week to meet the country's top political leadership amid reports that he has resigned from his post.According to reports in Pakistani media, Haroon, 61 resigned as Pakistan's permanent representative to the United Nations due to differences with Islamabad on certain policy matters and interference in the affairs of his office.A spokesperson at Pakistan's mission to the UN in New York said the mission is \"neither denying nor confirming\" the reports of Haroon's resignation.\"The ambassador is leaving for Pakistan on Monday for consultations,\" the spokesperson said. He said during the visit, Haroon will \"certainly (meet) the highest political leadership\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14917509", "title": "Model prohibited liquor area proposed in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: All India Prohibition Council has proposed to chief minister Ashok Gehlot to make circle of 200 villages in Ajmer as a model prohibited liquor area. The council has ideated this novel concept of agitation against liquor to fight the social evil.Bhilwara Additional General Secretary Bhanwar Singh Choudhary has asked Gehlot to close down wine shops wherever people agitate against them. Taking inspiration from the story of Times of India published on June 26, 2012, on front page \"Dine, but no wine in 200 villages of Ajmer.\" Choudhary said that it shows that people are becoming aware of consequences of liquor and those addicted are expelled from respective community functions.He has also asked for a committee to work towards making the village a model one laced with facilities like health, education, roads, irrigation, agriculture so that it becomes an example for other villages. \"It is a step against the social evil and government should come forward to support it,\" said the proposal.People like Ashok Rawat, president of Rawat Navyuvak Mandal, are working to make the masses aware of the consequences of liquor and even the excise department of Ajmer is helping them by shifting liquor shops from villages. \"Therefore, I request you to close down the shops where villagers agitate,\" said Choudhary in his proposal.He also expressed his gratitude for women who initiated this noble fight against liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14922340", "title": "Officials face problems with new power meters", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited's (MSEDCL) move to install infra-red meters has hit a snag as it has been found that accuracy in reading is compromised if meters are installed close to each other.According to officials, about 3,000 meters are being installed in Sinnar and sources claim this could affect accuracy in meter reading. The power company has started installing infra-red (IR) energy meters in Sinnar in the Nashik urban division from last week and 500 have been fitted so far. But company sources say the IR meters go into confused state when there are more numbers of meters in the vicinity.\"A batch of meters has just arrived and only a few have handled them. Proper training will be given to all those involved in the process of meter reading. But the current set of meters appear to be zoning out when they confront more than one meters in the vicinity,\" an official said.Sources further said that the hand-held sensors for the IR meters also fail to take the reading if the meters are separated by a glass. \"This makes it difficult to take the reading in the buildings where the meters are placed less than half a metre apart and caged as well,\" sources said. Sinnar of course is an urban area where the power meters are being stuffed in small places under staircases.Deputy executive engineer Girish Sakhadev admitted to the problem but to some extent. He said that the IR meters, which are meant for rural areas, cannot take readings if placed more than one metre apart. \"They are as good as the television remotes and hence have to be in place with the port on the meters and closer to it as well. Since our people have just begun handling the same, they are yet to learn all the techniques,\" he said.Sources however said that the tamper-proof energy meters could create some problems when it came to taking the readings as the batch already installed in Sinnar is quite distinct in functioning than the one that has freshly arrived.Sources added that the current batch (out of 3,000 numbers) is yet to be sent for inspection though and the picture would be clear after the process is completed.The official further added that Radio Frequency meters, yet to arrive, would be installed in city areas like Nashik and had higher accuracy in meter reading as they could take the reading from a distance of nearly three meters. The sensers at one go would take the readings of all the meters put up in the buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917656", "title": "Pay challan, get a driving lesson", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic violators in Gurgaon cannot get away by just paying a fine. It's a \"back-to-school\" experience for them. The offenders have to attend a 90-minute class on traffic rules and safe driving to be left off the hook. This has, apparently, helped reduce repeat traffic offences in Gurgaon.\"All traffic violators, whether fined on spot or through a notice, come and pay the penalty at the DCP Traffic office. They are then asked to attend a class on traffic rules before their penalty is accepted,\" says Bharti Arora, DCP (traffic) for Gurgaon.These classes are organized by Maruti Suzuki in the DCP Traffic office at Sector 51 at their Road Safety Knowledge Centre. \"The class provides tips on careful driving to avoid accidents, traffic rules, awareness about signages etc,\" said Mahesh Rajoria, general manager, driving training and loyalty programme, at the company. The centre, which was started in October 2011, has educated more that 35,000 traffic violators till date.Rajoria was speaking to TOI at a familiarization trip to the Institute of Driving and Traffic Research, a training institute spread over a 14-acre area with a 2.5-km driving track, at Loni. Citing statistics, he claimed that maximum number of road accidents in the country occur due to lack of driving skills.\"India has the second largest road network with just 1% of the world's vehicular population. Despite that the country accounts for 10% of the road fatalities,\" he said. \"It has been found that 79% of the accidents happen due to the fault of drivers as they lack driving skills and awareness about traffic signages and rules,\" he added.In the capital, where 12000 challans are issued daily, there is no provision for such training for traffic violators. Delhi Traffic Police chief Satyendra Garg says that while awareness regarding traffic rules is important, violations in the capital are because of the belief that offenders can get away because of low penalties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947990", "title": "Power crisis to continue: Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company", "text": "MYSORE: Chamundeshwari Electricity Supply Company (CESC) M D Boregowda indicated on Saturday that the power crisis may continue till monsoon arrives in full swing.He said that they were going easy on power requirements in their jurisdiction following weather forecast report by India Meteorological Department (IMD) that the monsoon will be normal this season. Boregowda claimed they had purchased power till May 2012 to meet the requirements in five districts - Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan and Kodagu, in September 2011 itself. As the IMD predicted that the monsoon will be good this year, they felt that they may not require additional power, he reasoned.Monsoon failure has caused acute power shortage in the jurisdiction this season.The MD, however, said they have placed order for purchase of power to meet the huge demand through Power Company of Karnataka Limited.\"The daily power requirement of CESC division is 1,000 megawatts but we are getting around 650 megawatts, out of which Mysore city's requirement is 400 MW. Since July the situation has been bad and Mysore is witnessing nearly four hour power outage daily. The situation is even worse in semi urban and rural parts,\" he said.Boregowda on Saturday felt that there has not been considerable progress in the solar city project despite it being conceptualized two years ago.He said that the civic body should have created awareness on solar power among public and helped people adopt it by facilitating them with financial assistance through bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14917374", "title": "Jaipur Metro to seek monetary aid from Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) is gearing up to seek financial assistance from the Central government in the form of equity for the Jaipur Metro corridor-I (Mansarovar to Badi Chaupar).As part of the joint venture, the Centre is expected to provide 20% financial assistance in the form of equity.A senior JMRC official said, \"On the request of JMRC, the Union ministry of urban development recently forwarded the proposal to the Planning Commission seeking its comments. The Central government will provide Rs 627 crore in form of equity. As per the norms, the Centre will have a 20% stake in the project.\"After the Commission's comments, the proposal will be sent to pre-public invest board, where the status report will be prepared and sent to the public invest board and then to the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) for the final approval, the official explained.If the Central government rejects the proposal, the work on the Metro's Phase-I is likely to face financial glitches, JMRC sources claimed.\"There is sufficient arrangement of funds to construct the project from Mansarovar to Chandpole. However, the state government is not in a position to fund the entire project till Badi Chaupar.\"The estimated cost to construct the line from Mansarovar to Chandpole is Rs 2000 crore. For this, the state government will provide assistance of Rs 1200 crore. The Rajasthan Housing Board and Rajasthan State Industrial and Investment Corporation (RIICO) will provide Rs 100 crore each and the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will provide another Rs 150 crore.If the project is extended to Badi Chaupar, the estimated cost will go up to Rs 3,149 crore.Officials said the during the conception stage, the Phase I of the Metro project was estimated at Rs 1,250 crore with the state government taking up just the civil work. The rolling stock and the construction of the line from Chandpole to Badi Chaupar was planned to be given out on a public-private partnership.However, the state government later decided to fund even these increasing the project cost to Rs 3,151 crore. After the decision was taken, the government agreed in principle to release another Rs 600 crore for the Metro. This led the government to source money from other avenues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14939031", "title": "After Betul, conjoined twins born in Guna", "text": "BHOPAL: After Betul, that was in the news for the conjoined twins- their separation and the subsequent death of one of them, Siamese twins were born in Guna district, about 200 kms away from the state capital. Shanti Bai Gurjar of village Visoliya bordering Rajasthan gave birth to the twins in the district government hospital on Thursday night. Both are males.Dr Y S Raghuvanshi, civil surgeon of Guna told TOI, \"These twins are joined from the lower back portion of the waist. Prima facie, it appears that all the organs are separate and they look normal. Soon, we would have their MRI and eco cardiogram done for further examination.\"Unlike Hariram Yadav, father of the conjoined Betul twins, who had left the twins at the Padhar hospital, Gameer Singh Gurjar, father of the twins in Guna is not a worried. Expressing full faith in the doctors he said, \"I am not bothered. Doctors would perform an operation to separate them.\"Dr Raghuvanshi said that primary medical reports suggest that the back bones are separate. He said that it has not yet been decided when to operate on these kids to separate them.\"But we would like to do it within a year's time\".We would be requiring a paediatric surgeon and a paediatric anaesthetic as we already have a state-of-the-art intensive care unit in our hospital to look after them, he said.Meanwhile, Dr Rajeev Choudhrie, the superintendent of the Padhar Charity hospital in Betul has volunteered to perform the surgery of these kids. A plastic surgeon of repute, Dr Choudhrie told TOI, \"We offer to operate these kids in our hospital.\"Abandoned by parents, a conjoined twin- named Stuti and Aradhna were separated after a massive operation on June 20 this year. The operation lasted for about 12 hours. Though the surgery was successful, there were some complications with Aradhna, who died a fortnight after the operation.Meanwhile, Stuti is absolutely well. She also takes a walk in a walker. \"Still, we don't expose her much and are taking extra care,\" Dr Choudrie said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14899641", "title": "Gearing up for the races", "text": "Bangalore's revellers were so high on party spirits on Friday night that the seemingly ceaseless rain couldn't stop them from heading to this do.The 25th Kingfisher Pre-Derby Night at ITC Windsor saw a host of celebrities making an appearance. Bolly wood actor and Kingfisher Calendar Girl Nargis Fakhri , drew the names of the horses for today's Kingfisher Derby, which is being held under the umbrella of R1. A quick-change act had some cheeky tricks being performed by the artists, after which singer Lucky Ali took the stage and enthralled the audience with some of his popular songs.Stand-up comedian Sundeep Rao also entertained the guests with his anecdotes whenever he came up onstage. Model Tony Luke, who was in town for a shoot, also made it to the do and was seen catching up with his Bangalore pals. Newlyweds Ranjit Narang and Pavithra Halkatti were also spotted at this bash, as was designer Michelle Salins with her husband Pramod. Actor Vinay Rai, who has got a new look for his upcoming film, walked in a tad late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921567", "title": "Tasmac men suspended for fleecing boozers", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 149 employees of government run Tasmac liquor sales outlets in Coimbatore district have been suspended from service on Saturday for alleged irregularities, including selling liquor at higher prices.The action was taken after surprise raids conducted on a few shops on July 11 and 12 following complaints by customers. They said salesmen were charging Rs5 to Rs15 more than the actual rate fixed by the government.Various irregularities were detected and 48 supervisors, 77 salesmen and 24 assistant salesmen were suspended, said district collector, M Karunagaran. He also warned that punitive action would be taken if staff were found charging more than the government-fixed rate.Tasmac commissioner Malik Sharekhan and zonal manager Ratna Velu were directed by the district collector to conduct surprise raids after complaints were filed by several people. On checking the stock and cash left in the cash counter, officials found mismatches and suspended the employees.Meanwhile, CITU employees union in Tasmac came down strongly on the government for suspending the employees saying it was an eyewash.\"The action was taken by the authorities based on hearsays and the employees were never given a chance to clarify. We challenge the government to facilitate computerized billing facility in Tasmac shops as in the case of Kerala. Then only, financial irregularities will end,'' said CITU leader John Anthony Raju. He also accused Tasmac authorities for not filling vacancies and putting too much work pressure on the existing employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14950471", "title": "Nagaraj Shetty quits BJP, CDA chief's post", "text": "MANGALORE: B Nagaraj Shetty, former minister and chairman of Coastal Development Authority (CDA), has tendered his resignation. In his resignation letter sent to chief minister Jagadish Shettar, Shetty cited political developments as the reason for his resignation. At the same time, he also tendered his resignation for the primary and active membership of the party in a letter sent to the DK district unit president of BJP.Stating that his move to resign as CDA chairman and from the primary membership of the party as irrevocable, Shetty told reporters here on Saturday that he and his family have had a long stint with the BJP right since the days of Jan Sangh. \"There is a sea change in politics practised when I grew up and was initiated into, to what is happening presently in the state. Things have only grown from bad to worse,\" he added.Asserting that he would not retract his resignations under any circumstances (he had done so after having resigned as CDA chairman in the past) this time round, Shetty said he will weigh his political future in consultation with his supporters and well-wishers. Stopping short of announcing political hiatus, Shetty admitted that he has received feelers from JD(S) and BSR Party of former minister B S Sriramulu to join them.Taking umbrage at the fact that the party leadership and a prominent RSS leader of the region had vitiated the caste equilibrium of the region with the Hallady Srinivas Shetty episode, he said this was unfortunate. \"At a time when state politics is split down the middle following power tussle between Lingayats and Vokkaligas, the party leadership has now pitted the Bunts against the Billava (Srinivas Poojary) here,\" he said.Asserting that he would never contest elections again, for it is becoming increasingly difficult to do so, he said it is premature now to state if he would opt for the legislative council route to active politics if any party offers him a chance. Shetty said he will focus on his business that had taken a back seat from the time he was made a minister, and subsequently CDA chairman in 2008 after he lost an attempt for a second bid to the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14919408", "title": "Spot fine for rural traffic violators from July 16", "text": "TRICHY: From July 16, the district police will impose a fine on the spot on vehicle users violating traffic rules in rural areas of the district. As of now, only city police are empowered to penalize vehicle users flouting traffic rules. However, the decision to introduce the spot fine system across the district emerged in the wake of the recent state government order that empowers the rural police to fine traffic violators.The system will come into effect from July 16 initially in Samayapuram, Thiruverumbur, Thuvakudi and the three traffic inspectors of the stations would carry out the task. Later, the system would be extended to the remaining 28 law and order police station limits. \"We will introduce the spot fine system in accordance with the government order to fine traffic violations in rural areas,\" said R Lalitha Lakshmi, the superintendent of police, Trichy. Despite the city witnessed a large number of fatal accidents due to various traffic violations, the city police concentrate only on helmet-wearing and fine the vehicle users. For instance , the city police on July 09th registered 384 cases for not wearing helmet.\"The rural district mainly comprises of national highways where the chances for accidents are high. Hence we will be strict against the traffic violations and all compoundable offences will be fined. The police inspectors will collect the fine manually. Later, we will implement the e-challan system to collect the fine amount,\" said R Lalitha Lakshmi, superintendent of police, TrichyThe fine amount for rash and negligent driving will be Rs 1,000 for the first offence and Rs 2,000 for subsequent offences. The fine for driving at an excessive speed will be Rs 400 for the first offence whereas the second and subsequent offences would attract Rs 1,000. The penalty for using vehicles without registration will be Rs 2,500 for the first offence and Rs 5,000 for the second and subsequent offences. Two-wheeler riders not wearing helmets would be fined Rs 100 for the first offence and Rs 300 for the second and subsequent offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944437", "title": "District administration makes preparations for CM\u2019s visit", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration is making preparations for chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's visit on Sunday. The CM would be attending private functions. He would take part in a programme in Meherban Singh Ka Purwa. But the heavy rains played a spoilsport. The ground where the would be held, is being levelled by JCB machines. The ground was waterlogged. The water was pumped out of the ground but due to continuous rains it could not be made ready. The programme would now be held inside a hall in the Law College.The hall was being prepared for the function. A podium was also being made. Yadav would get down at helipad in the police lines, from where he would head towards Meherban Singh Ka Purwa via road. Senior police and district officials reached Meherban Singh Ka Purwa and took stock of the preparations. They passed instructions to the subordinates and ensured that nothing is left incomplete. A bomb disposal squad also reached the venue and checked every nook and corner. Heavy police force and PAC had been deployed at Chaudhary Harmohan Singh Law College where CM is to come.The district administration remained on its toes to ensure that the CM's road route is motorable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14940132", "title": "Men are more prone to fungal infections during monsoon", "text": "Men may be from Mars, but that does not stop them from being more prone to fungal infections during monsoon.Doctors say that due to high humidity in the air, there are infectious bacteria and viruses which become active and lead to various infections in males.\"During monsoon males are more prone to be affected by various types of fungal infection which include toes fungal infection, joint area fungal infection and tinea versicolor\" said Dr Sachin Dhawan, director and consultant dermatologist, Skin n Smiles, a dermatology and orthodontic centre.Most common among the band of infection during this season is joint area infection. Fungus often strikes the folds of the body. The underarms, groin and the area below the chest are the most commonly affected. There are two types of fungi which may affect these areas-- ringworm caused by the dermatophyte species and thrush caused by the candida species.The large joints are most often affected. Dr Dhawansaid, \"Men with weakened immune systems who travel or live in endemic areas are more susceptible to joint fungal infection\".Tinea versicolor is a long-term (chronic) fungal infection of the skin. Tinea versicolor is relatively common. It is caused by a type of yeast that is normally found on human skin. This condition is most common in adolescent and young adult males. It typically occurs in hot climates. The symptoms include increased sweating and itching.Meanwhile, toes fungal infection is very common in males. It causes peeling, redness, itching, burning, and sometimes blisters and sores between the toes. The fungus grows best in a warm, moist environment such as shoes, socks, swimming pools, locker rooms and the floors of public showers. It is most common in the summer and humid climates. It occurs more often in people who wear tight shoes and who use community baths and pools.\"These infection occurs in male most often because male hormones induce more sweating in male than females,\" said Dr Dhawan.Advisory to prevent fungal infections during monsoons:* There are good quality Anti Fungal Powder, Cream and Soaps available to avoid the occurrence of any such condition* Follow the hygienic practices for swimming like use personal sleepers, towel and have a gentle shower after swimming* Consult your dermatologist as soon as you develop symptoms of fungal infection* Avoid using home remedies and over the counter products for fungal infections* Most importantly make sure that the Course of medication should be completed as per doctor's prescription", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14943947", "title": "Banaras Hindu University management studies faculty bags three awards", "text": "VARANASI: The faculty of management studies, BHU received three global awards during the World Educational Congress recently held in Mumbai.The FMS received the best B-school leadership award-2012 under the institutional category. H P Mathur, who is working as the coordinator of BHU placement coordination cell, got best placement officer award and nurturer of talent award in the individual capacity.The Economic Growth Society of India has also decided to honour FMS dean S K Singh with gold star Asia international award for his achievements in the progress and development of management education in 2012. The award will be presented at the international conference on 'Indo-Nepal friendship and economic co-operation' in Nepal. Singh had also got Asia Pacific international award at Tashkent (Uzbekistan) by Global Achievers Foundations, Bharat Vidya Shiromani award, certificate of education excellence and Rashtriya Vidya Gaurav gold medal recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14919563", "title": "3 frontrunners in race for new Indian Institute of Management-Ahmedabad director", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three candidates have emerged as favourites in the race to become the next director of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).While professor Ravindra Dholakia's name has been doing the rounds ever since the hunt for Samir Barua's successor began, faculty members on Saturday also suggested professor G Raghuram and professor Srikant Datar's names. While Raghuram is a faculty member at the top B-school, Datar is alumnus of IIM-A and professor of accounting at Harvard University .The committee headed by L&T; chief A M Naik, who is the chairman of the board of governors, met 35 faculty members of the institute for over six hours on Saturday.With two master's degrees and a PhD from Stanford University, Datar's inclusion in the race was a surprise for many. He has been a frequent visitor at IIM-A in the last one year.Raghuram, on the other hand, has just accepted an offer to join Indian Maritime University, Chennai, as vice-chancellor.Dholakia, whose brother Bakul Dholakia headed the B-school before Barua, emerged as the frontrunner and consensus candidate during the selection committee's interaction with faculty members on Saturday.\"All of us have given our suggestions but Dholakia, Raghuram and Datar were top on everyone's lists,\" said a faculty member.This may be the largest deliberation with the stakeholders for the appointment of director as per the revised memorandum of association to increase autonomy for the top institute. After Saturday's meeting, the committee will consult alumni and board members.Three final candidates will be short-listed and submitted to the board of governors in August, whose names will then be forwarded to the ministry of human resources development (MHRD).It is likely that the director's name may be notified in the last week of October. Barua will be completing his term on November 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bongaon", "code": "14917853", "title": "Teacher who strip-searched girl gets bail in a jiffy", "text": "BONGAON: Rupali Dey, the teacher of Gopalnagar Giribala Balika Viddyala who had allegedly forced a Class-VIII girl to strip in the common room, was arrested by Gopalnagar police on Saturday. Police intercepted Dey when she was on her way to school from her Habra's Ashokenagar residence. The teacher was produced before the Bongaon subdivisional court and granted bail in the afternoon.Police on Saturday arrested the teacher Rupali Dey of Gopalnagar Giribala Balika Viddyala who allegedly forced a class VIII girl to strip in the common room. She was arrested by Gopalnagar police when she was on her way to the school from her Habra's Ashokenagar residence.\"The teacher was arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the girl's mother. Dey has been charged under sections 354 and 509 of the IPC(outrage of modesty),\" a senior police official said.On Wednesday, physical education teacher Dey, the teacher of Physical education took the 13-year-old girl to the common room and asked her to strip after accusing her of stealing Rs 50 from a classmate. When Dey could not find the money, she ordered the student to leave. where the teacher allegedly stripped the girl forcibly in front of several teachers after accusing her of stealing Rs 50 from her classsmate.On returning home, the traumatized girl broke down before her parents. When the school gave the teacher a clean chit, the girl's parents lodged an FIR on Friday morning. The news spread in the locality and the girl's mother went to cop's door to lodge a complaint on Friday morning.The accused teacher was however granted bail after being produced before the Bongaon subdivisional court on Saturday afternoon.The students and teachers of Giribala Balika Viddyala put up a road block on Bongaon-Chakdah Road for about two hours to protest against the arrest of their teacher. They alleged that Dey was falsely implicated. The blockade was lifted at around 3.30pm, after the news of the teacher getting bail arrived.Meanwhile, three Class VIII students of Doro Krishnanagar Banithirtha Vidyalaya in Sutahata, off Haldia, were allegedly beaten up by their headmistress and made to strip in front of their classmates on Thursday so that they could mop up with their uniforms the water they had allegedly dropped on their classroom floor. One of the girls later had fallen ill seriously.On Thursday, three Class-VIII students of Doro Krishnanagar Banithirtha Vidyalaya in Sutahata, off Haldia, were allegedly beaten up by their headmistress and made to strip in front of their classmates for dropping water in class.Education minister Bratya Basu has sought a report from district inspectors of schools (DI) in both the districts of North 24-Parganas and East Midnapore within 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14922297", "title": "Drive against bike stunts near colleges", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic cops took students on College Road by surprise on Saturday with a sudden drive against bikers using fancy number plates, driving triple seats and indulging in rash driving.The drive was conducted in the presence of assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjeev Thakur, as well as senior police inspector Praveen Kulkarni and inspector A G Karpe. Speaking about the drive, ACP Thakur said that over 100 people, mainly college students, who had fancy number plates on their bikes, no number plates, were driving wrong side and those driving triple seats, were booked.Other officials informed that college students were in the habit of flaunting expensive bikes and fancy number plates on them. Though action against such offenders is taken continuously, the drive at College Road is important considering the rising incidents of rash driving and stunts on the road.Most of the college students were caught unawares as the traffic cops were right at the entrance gate of the BYK and HPT College and took action against motorists either entering the college or coming out of it.Traffic cops said that they have recovered fines of over Rs 1 crore within a span of just over six months. A special drive has also been initiated to stop the use of fancy number plates on different vehicles.To serve this purpose, the makers of number plates have also been warned against putting fancy numbers on vehicles despite their customers' demands to prevent police action.A major drive against checking number plates of vehicles is also on the cards, according to sources, since a large number of motorists have been observed using fake number plates on their vehicles, making detection of vehicles thefts in the city extremely difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14923583", "title": "Kid soldiers for diabetes war", "text": "One person dies from diabetes and two more get the disease every 10 seconds in India. The number of diabetics in the country has crossed 60 million and is expected to breach the 100-million mark by 2030, according to the recent Diabetes Atlas released by the International Diabetes Federation.Given that exercise and diet can go a long way in keeping diabetes at bay, the government is pulling out all stops to increase awareness about the disease \u2014 and it is starting with schoolchildren.Sedentary lifestyles are leading to a rapid rise in the number of obese children. This makes them particularly vulnerable to developing the condition. India accounts for most of the 112,000 children in the region with Type-1 diabetes, according to the Diabetes Atlas. It also reports that a sedentary lifestyle, resulting in obesity, is linked to diabetes in over 80% cases.The ministry of health and family welfare and NCERT are now developing a module to be taught from Class VIII that will deal with health topics. It will cover good health practices, lifestyle management, basic information about diseases and key indicators. \"The syllabus is being prepared with experts from education and health sectors. On completion, we will take this to the CBSE. It will be a compulsory subject and we would want kids to appear for exams,\" Dr Jagdish Prasad, director-general of health services told TOI. The aim, he added, is to nip the problem in the bud.Type-2 diabetes, the most common , is a progressive disease precipitated by unhealthy food habits and a sedentary lifestyle. Risk factors include obesity, hypertension and family history. \"If children are made aware about these, rather than just being instructed to not eat outside and remain active , there are better chances they will follow healthy practices Children will be the mascots of change as far as dealing with health issues like diabetes is concerned,\" said Prasad.Three out of every 10 kids studying in private schools in Delhi are obese, according to a 2011 survey by the Diabetes Foundation of India and National Diabetes, Obesity and Cholesterol Foundation (NDOC ). Government schools fared no better. Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Jaipur also showed similar results.Dr Anoop Misra of Fortis's department of diabetes and metabolic diseases says 70 to 80% of obese children are likely to remain obese till adulthood and some may develop diabetes in their late 20s or 30s. \"If they are made aware about the health consequences of obesity at an early age, chances of preventing the disease improve,\" he said.Diabetes is a condition in which the body has trouble turning food into energy. In a healthy person, the hormone insulin helps glucose, the unit that food is broken down into, enter the cells. But in a diabetic, pancreas fails to produce enough insulin, or the body does not use it. Cells starve while glucose builds up in the blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14918473", "title": "Pravin Amre in race for SPG prez, aims to 'fight the system'", "text": "MUMBAI: Former cricket players, it seems, are increasingly realizing that unless they themselves become active in the running of the sport, things would continue to go downhill. After former India captains Ajit Wadekar and Dilip Vengsarkar , who both lost the Mumbai Cricket Association ( MCA) elections to powerful politicians, another ex-India player has jumped into the election fray in an attempt to 'fight the system'.Pravin Amre, who scored a hundred for India on Test debut at Durban, and played 11 Tests and 37 ODIs before turning into a coach, is contesting for the presidentship of Shivaji Park Gymkhana (SPG), a club he played for in his younger days. There is a reason why the ex-Mumbai coach, who is currently part of the coaching staff of IPL side Pune Warriors, was spurred to contest the elections at a club which boasts of having churned out more than 30 Test cricketers.Amre, former left-arm spinner Paddy Shivalkar and a couple of other coaches were running a cricket academy at the SPG for nine years before they were sacked last year. \"We produced 29 players who played for Mumbai at various levels, and three India U-19 players. For five years, I didn't charge a penny from SPG as I was earning my bread by being the Mumbai coach,\" Amre told TOI.\"The problem started when we warned a trainee about his behaviour. His father complained, and we were removed,\" said Shivalkar, who was Mumbai's chief selector till last year.The club's secretary, Sanjeev Khanolkar, who both Amre and Shivalkar allege was the key to their removal, offers a different version. \"I have been this club's secretary for the last 25 years. I myself gifted Amre a Maruti car when he came back after hitting a ton on debut in South Africa in 1992. I stared this academy and appointed Amre and Shivalkar here. It's just that the SPG academy isn't anyone's monopoly. We have a cricket improvement committee and they decided that the coaches needed to be changed,\" he says.Amre refutes the allegations. \"That car was given to me by sponsors Vdol. I decided the only way to fight back was to stand in the elections. My opponents told me that it wouldn't look nice if an ex-Test cricketer lost a club election. I told them, 'At least I would have tried',\" he says.Amre's group suffered a big setback when a key member of their panel, Jagannathrao Hegde, who was contesting for the post of chairman, was deemed ineligible to contest the election because of a technicality. \"I am confident about my chances. Vengsarkar wrote a letter of support for me. Dhanraj Pillay came to vote for me too,\" Amre says. The election results will be out on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14921146", "title": "'Tenants' take woman to bank at knifepoint", "text": "PANCHKULA: Veena Verma, 55, a resident of Zirakpur was robbed of jewellery and cash worth Rs 2 lakh. She was made to sign two blank cheques and her ATM cards were snatched on Friday by three unidentified youths. The youths had entered her house in the garb of prospective tenants. An FIR was registered at the Zirakpur police station on Saturday.Veena in her complaint to the police said, \"I had given an advertisement for renting out my house. On Friday, I got a call from someone saying that they wanted to see my house. Then three youths, one of who was turbaned came to my house on a bike. Once inside, they asked for some water.\"She added, \"When I returned to the drawing room, I found that two of the youths had gone outside the house, while the turbaned youth had latched the door shut. The youth took out a knife and threatened me that he would kill me if I didn't part with the valuables in the house.\" According to the police complaint, the woman gave the youth a diamond necklace and Rs 20,000 in cash. \"The youth then called one of his accomplices and they both forcibly got two blank cheques signed from me and also took my ATM cards. They then forcibly drove me to the bank in Sector 10 to encash the cheques and withdraw money from the ATM,\" Veena told police. But when the youths got to know that she had lied about having an account in the bank, they took her to an isolated road and thrashed her.The woman then told the youths that she had an account in an Ambala bank. It was then that the youths decided to take her to the Ambala bank.Near Zirakpur T-point, as the signal turned red, Veena managed to escape from the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14916214", "title": "National Rural Health Mission spent 96% of its Ernakulam fund", "text": "KOCHI: National Rural Health Mission spent 96% of its fund allotted to Ernakulam during 2011-12. Of the Rs 67.36 crore allotted, Rs 64.52 crore was used for various projects, including neo-natal healthcare and vaccination programmes.NRHM district manager Dr K V Beena said, 40 medical camps were organized last year, attended by 47,219 patients. Last year, five laparoscopic tubectomy camps and two non-scalpel vasectomy camps were organized. Around 8,567 women and 302 men underwent sterilization. Special clinics to address issues faced by adolescents were opened in Paravur and Fort Kochi taluk hospitals. Teen-clubs were opened in five colleges in association with National Service Scheme. Each was allotted Rs 10,000.NRHM appointed 65 doctors and 92 nurses in various hospitals on contract basis. Three mobile medical units were set up for patients in remote areas. It funded two floating hospitals to cater to Valanthakkad and Kadamakkudy islands and a mobile medical unit in Kuttampuzha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918686", "title": "Ad-hoc fees of 41 colleges declared", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Justice (retd) Akshay Mehta fee regulatory committee has announced the ad-hoc fee structures for 41 self-financed colleges in the state ahead of admissions to engineering, pharmacy, architecture, medical, paramedical and other courses, which are slated to begin from July 17.The new fee structures will be applicable to students taking admission this academic year onwards. The ad-hoc fee for architecture colleges ranges from Rs 50,000 to Rs 65,000.For degree engineering colleges, it been fixed at Rs 45,000 to Rs 75,000 per annum. For degree pharmacy courses, the fee has been fixed at Rs 48,000 per year.For diploma engineering courses, fees have been fixed at between Rs 25,000 and Rs 30,000. For MBA and MCA courses, the fee ranges from Rs 45,000 to Rs 60,000.The fee is higher for post-graduate pharmacy and engineering courses. Ad-hoc fees for the MPharm course is Rs 85,000 to Rs 95,000 while for MTech it has been fixed at Rs 90,000 per annum.The ad-hoc fees have been fixed for a year after which the fee committee reviews the structure and declares the regular fee structure to the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14922663", "title": "Maharashtra gives Rs 111 a month to 1971 war hero", "text": "MUMBAI: They are ready to lay down their lives for the country, often shed blood for it. But when it comes to repaying our war heroes, the country cuts a sorry figure.Take the instance of Squadron Leader (retired) Parvez Jamasji, who flew hundreds of sorties into East Pakistan during the 1971 Bangladesh Liberation War and received a bullet wound on his leg. After the war, his bravery was acknowledged with the Vir Chakra. The Maharashtra government feted him with the Gaurav Puraskar.Two weeks ago, he made his way to the Sainik Board office in south Mumbai and gave a cheque for Rs 2,245 after the state finance department found he (and some others) was paid more than his due.Rules stipulate 65-plus war veterans are entitled to only 50% of their allowance. So Jamasji's paltry Rs 2,670 annual allowance was to be reduced to just Rs 1,335, but some clerk forgot to scale down the payment.The 69-year-old brave heart said he had been collecting this pittance for the last 10 years not because he needed the money. \"If I don't take it, someone may misuse it,\" he said at his Dadar Parsi Colony apartment.\"In any other country, even in a banana republic, its war veterans are looked after well. Here, the government thinks that giving Rs 222 a month to a pilot who saw action is magnanimous,\" said Jamasji's son Rustam. \"And then to halve it for senior citizens of the armed forces is sheer mockery,\" he added.Jamasji received his first cheque of Rs 1,400 a year in 2003. The amount subsequently increased to Rs 2,670. However, since the retired Indian Air Force helicopter pilot and a few others were overpaid over the past two years, the finance department ordered that the extra amount be recovered from them. \"I returned Rs 2,245 by cheque early this month,\" said Jamasji.The retired officer now walks on crutches after surgeries for spinal injuries sustained in a chopper crash and a subsequent road accident. He has logged 4,500-plus flying hours for IAF.Jamasji is anguished at how ex-servicemen like him are treated by the bureaucracy. \"The grant of one rank, one pension to defence veterans has still not been implemented by the government,\" he rued.For those above 65, says a state finance department note, there's a 50% concession while travelling on state transport buses as directed by the sainik welfare department in Pune in 2005.In October 1971, Jamasji was stationed in Dimagiri on the border of Mizoram and then East Pakistan. The young wing commander transported hundreds of soldiers of the Special Frontier Forces into enemy territory in a MI-4 Russian helicopter. \"These were covert operations three months before the war commenced,\" he said proudly.He would fly low to evade Pakistani radars, and his chopper frequently came under mortar and anti-aircraft fire. Once on his way back after a mission, a hail of bullets hit the chopper's rotor and fuselage. But Jamasji managed to pilot his chopper safely into India and land. It was only after he removed his flying suit that he discovered blood on his left leg \u2014 a bullet had passed through it. After the wound was cleaned, he was ready to fly the next day.\"During operations against Pakistan in December 1971, the helicopter flown by him (Jamasji) was attacked twice by mortar, but he fulfilled the assigned mission and brought back his aircraft to base safely,\" says a book on India's gallantry award winners, describing his role in the war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14915805", "title": "The lesser tigers", "text": "Vidarbha, with its three tiger reserves, 9 wildlife sanctuaries and national parks, dominates the Central India landscape and is unique with forests lying outside the boundaries of the protected areas, providing habitats for a large population of tigers. It is spread over several thousand square kms extending from the northern border with Chhattisgarh and MP to the southern hems of Chandrapur and Gadchiroli along the Pranhita and Godavari rivers in Andhra Pradesh.During 2005 to 2011 in Chandrapur district alone, there were 103 cases of tiger attacks, including 65 human deaths. A high number of tigers were suspected to be killed by poachers using traps, poisoning or electrocution. A common fact running through all these episodes is that almost all these incidences were outside the Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR).It would be a daunting task to protect these tigers given the environment in which they have managed to survive. Apart from the immediate contiguous forests of Tadoba as it is popularly known as, these tigers are living in fragmented corridors and human dominated landscapes. But the fact that tigers are still breeding is a clear indication that to a significant extent these forests still retain their ecological identity.Hence, given such odds, how does one go about protecting these tigers?The fact remains that there is hardly any policy in place that is concerned with wildlife outside the protected areas, and these are the thousands of square kilometres and not just the immediate fringes of the reserves now recognized as 'buffer zones'. The thinking and attitude among the lawmakers as well as the wildlife research fraternity are that focusing management efforts and resources on the protected areas, the repositories of the vital 'gene pools', is what really matters. The other ('lesser') tigers form the 'sink' populations which are not likely to survive in the long run, and, hence are dispensable.With declaration of buffer zones, the conservation efforts will now extend to the tigers of the fringe forests, but the populations away from the notified buffer zones are still left in the lurch. But, in the present scenario with the diminishing numbers of tigers, it's difficult to agree with this line of thought.Firstly, are these tigers living in the forests outside the protected areas really different from the tigers within? Tiger do not recognize boundaries - their home ranges cover protected and unprotected areas. Then it makes little sense if the same individual enjoys protection when it is within and is left to fend for itself as a 'lesser tiger' the moment he steps beyond the boundary. Are we hamstrung by a system which allows protection only within the demarcated area or should we have a system that is tailored to protecting wildlife over its entire range? There have been occasions when officers concerned have heaved a sigh of relief because the dead tiger lay a few metres beyond their area of command.Secondly, are these tigers really isolated from the main populations? Many of the old corridors still survive in good forest patches connected by degraded areas along farms and villages. As the results of the recent telemetry done by Dr Vidya Athreya show, tigers are capable of travelling across such landscapes. Besides, there are no studies done as yet to establish if these tigers are genetically isolated from their cousins in the core areas.Thirdly, to a wildlife manger, every tiger matters, wherever and however it may exist. This is also the mandate given to him by the Wildlife Act, and what the citizens expect him to do.Poaching of tigers in this landscape areas has brought Tadoba in focus. There is little realization that these tigers may not have been poached within the tiger reserve, but these unfortunate individuals were having a home range with their biological and territorial imperatives requiring them to shunt between the protected and non protected areas. Thus they are very much a part of the gene pool that everyone is concerned about.The buffer, the adjoining corridors and the other peripheral forests still do not have a wildlife management plan and hence there is no protection strategy in place. Therefore these 'lesser' tigers may soon be on the verge of disappearance unless some urgent pre-emptive action is taken to save them. The argument that disappearance of these tigers will have no effect on the core tiger gene pool is thus not a valid one.I believe that no strategy or programme to protect and conserve tigers will prove to be effective if it only focuses on the reserves and their immediate fringes, particularly for Vidarbha where a very substantial part of the tiger population is surviving and breeding outside. There is an urgent need to encompass these 'lesser' tigers within an effective management system and to integrate them in the current policy and programmes of wildlife management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14950633", "title": "CFI may move HC on dress code issue", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as the management of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First-Grade College, Ramakunja near Uppinangady, is firm on its decision regarding dress code in the institute, parents, with the support of Campus Front of India (CFI), are contemplating to move the high court against the college.College management took a decision at a meeting on Saturday that all students in the college should compulsorily follow the dress code. \"Students and all parents are well aware of the fact that uniform is compulsory in our college. The management has decided not to allow girl students to wear headscarf inside the campus,\" said Principal Vasanth Rao.Meanwhile, parents, who do not want to send their daughters to the college without wearing headscarf, are planning to file a petition in the HC.Parent and CFI state president Mohammed Thufail said that they will submit a memorandum to the district administration, seeking intervention on Monday. \"If our demands are not met, then we will file a petition in the high court seeking permission for girls to enter classes wearing headscarves,\" he added.\"All Muslim girls are ready to wear uniform, but on the condition that they should be allowed to wear the shawl of their uniform as headscarf. However, the college authorities do not allow this. They blocked around 55 Muslim girl students at the college gate today,\" Thufail said, adding that those girls were not allowed to enter classrooms.Muslim girls and boys of the college have been protesting since Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14946887", "title": "Prithviraj in Shaji Kailas' 'Godse'", "text": "While releasing troubles have stalled Prithviraj-Shaji Kailas' Simhaasanam, the duo has signed up for another project together titled Godse. The flick, which will also be penned by Shaji, will be part of the D Company action anthology and is expected to boast some thumping action scenes.The other featurettes of the film include M Padmakumar's Oru Bolivian Diary 1995 , Diphan's Gangs of Vadakkumnath , Joshiy's flick with Mohanlal and Vinod Vijayan's project with Fahadh Faasil.The expectation for Mohanlal-Joshiy flick will be the highest though with ace director and scribe Ranjith, who has penned several immortal roles for the megastar, coming on board to script the 30-minute featurette.Apart from the cast, the flick also has big names behind the screen with Ratheesh Vega, M Jayachandran , Rahul Raj, Jassie Gift and Deepak Dev handling the music department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14914898", "title": "HC chief justice praises lawyers for reducing case pendency", "text": "PUNE: Revealing that over 7 lakh cases have been settled in the lok adalats in the state in one-and-a-half year, chief justice of the Bombay High Court Mohit Shah on Saturday praised the lawyers for playing a key role in reducing pendency. Addressing a gathering at the state lawyers' conference, 2012, Shah said total 2.41 lakh cases were settled in the maha lok adalat on a single day and lauded the lawyers for rendering their assistance in achieving the success rate.Earlier, Shah inaugurated the conference organised by the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa by lighting the traditional lamp in the presence of justices V M Kanade and R V More and advocate general Darius Khambatta, council chairman Vitthal Konde-Deshmukh, vice-chairman Ashish Deshmukh and members Harshad Nimbalkar, Sureshchandra Bhosale, Ahmed Khan Pathan, Pune Bar Association president Ashok Sankpal and others. Shah said presence of lawyers is also required in mediation and conciliation centres to persuade litigants to reach at a compromise and settle their disputes for getting speedy justice.The high court will request the state government to pay fees to lawyers if they are ready to participate in the mediation process, Shah said and advised lawyers to charge fees from their clients if their disputes are to be mediated. On the role of advocates in strengthening democracy, Shah said, \"The Indian judicial system is acknowledged the world over as the most dynamic, catering to the needs of over one billion population and making all efforts to ameliorate sufferings of the litigants. People have exhibited great trust and faith in the judiciary. The common man considers the judiciary as the ultimate guardian of his rights and liberties.\"The chief justice said: \"The faith, which is our strength, is, however, not achieved by the judges alone. When we say judicial system, it essentially includes advocates, who are the important part of the system. Judges and advocates are two sides of the same coin. Without the active participation and cooperation from the bar, it is just not possible for the judges alone to do the arduous task of strengthening the democracy.\"\"Lawyers in India have historically contributed for strengthening of democracy, whether it was the struggle for independence, framing of our constitution or upholding the rule of law. Society expects advocates of today to play the same role which was played by his predecessor,\" Shah stated.\"Advocates are also expected to draw attention to the problems and solutions relating to implementation of human rights, state obligations, provision of effective remedies to the people, strengthening democratic institutions such as the Parliament through discussions and information sharing, revitalise the legal system and promote the rule of law. Lawyers have the opportunity and indeed the obligation to help attain the nation's political imperative of consolidating democracy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14920959", "title": "Cops find slain Pappu's car", "text": "PATNA: The vehicle of slain Pankaj Yadav alias Pappu, brother-in-law of former MP Subhash Yadav, has been recovered by Patna police from Khagaul. Police have interrogated 13 people in connection with the murder of Pappu.Pappu, 35, was shot dead at his residence at Rajivnagar in the city on July 9 night. The assailants also gunned down his domestic help, Bablu, 22. Pappu was younger brother of former chief minister Rabri Devi .Patna SP (city) Kim said the car was recovered from a vacant plot near the R P Sharma Institute of Technology. The locals informed the Khagaul police station about the abandoned car early Saturday morning, she said.According to the locals, the white Ford Figo had been abandoned at the site since July 10 morning. But they did not see the people who abandoned the car. Police officials, who did not wish to be quoted, said one empty cartridge was found in the car. The windowpane beside the driver's seat was also broken. It could be possible that Pappu was killed in his car.Kim said the two were shot dead from close range. \"Police are investigating the case from different angles,\" she said.Police sources said five assailants had come to meet Pappu at his residence around 9pm on Monday. They switched on the TV, increased its volume and shot at Bablu from close range. After killing Bablu, the unidentified people left the place along with Pappu.Police had earlier recovered Pappu's cellphone near Rajabazar and have sought its call details. A native of Meerganj locality in Gopalganj district, Pappu was an employee in the state legislature.Police sources said Pankaj didn't have cordial relation with his wife, Sonali Sinha, and they were living separately. Sonali has told police she lived with their five-year-old daughter.Police interrogated one of Pankaj's colleagues, Naushad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944376", "title": "Air Marshall Chandra inspects hospital", "text": "KANPUR: Air Marshal J Chandra, AVSM, VSM, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Headquarters, Maintenance Command, IAF, inspected the Air Force hospital on Saturday.He was received by Air Commodore R K Ranyal, VSM, Air Officer Commanding, 7 Air Force Hospital. The Air Marshal visited various departments of the hospital and inaugurated the Air Warriors Club and Guest House complex.Air Marshal Chandra acknowledged the vital role of the hospital and congratulated the staff for maintaining excellent standards in patient care.He was accompanied by Sharmila Chandra, President, Air Force Wives Welfare Association (Regional). She was received by Shail Ranyal, Preisdent, Air Force Wives Welfare Association (Local). Sharmila visited the Air Force School, Cantt, where she inaugurated a computer lab, music room and activity centre. She also felicitated the of Air Force Force School, who were meritorious in All India Senior School Examination-2012.Sharmila Chandra also visited Shishu Bhawan, an orphanage. Later, she had an interaction with the Sanginis of 7 Air Force Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924718", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to crack whip on road excavations", "text": "MUMBAI: Mishaps caused by open trenches for various civil works posing a threat to citizens' lives may soon be a thing of the past as Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation sub-engineers will maintain records of excavation permissions granted to contractors. The sub-engineers will be empowered to take action and directly penalize contractors in some cases.The specialized sub-engineers will be trained to take remedial action and remove deficiencies on the city's roads. \"Earlier there was no system to inform sub-engineers of excavation permissions granted by the ward to underground utilities. If the utilities start excavation work and do not finish their work on time or if they fail to follow safety steps, sub-engineers will inform ward engineers to take action and levy a penalty on the contractor. But in cases of road works where a road divider, street furniture or a railing is broken and not replaced on time then sub-engineers have the power to directly penalize contractors,\" said Girish Patil, executive engineer, roads.The guidelines have been framed by the civic body for sub-engineers to implement the ambitious road maintenance management system (RMMS) to maintain exhaustive records of the city's road network. The RMMS software will be used by the sub-engineers to record data from the field. The RMMS is slated to be launched in August.This system will operate in two phases\u2014 the first phase will focus on the inventory like the carriage space, footpath, street furniture railing, divider and all data related to the width of the road that will be recorded in the system.\"The second phase involves sub-engineers who will register in the system details on dislodged paver blocks or broken railings,\" Patil said.The civic body has numbered all the roads from junction to junction and one nodal point to another. The specialized sub-engineers for the city will be 27, western suburbs 20 and eastern suburbs 25. \"One group of roads of 5-6 km or 10-15 km will be allotted to one sub-engineer. He will be responsible for the overall upkeep of the roads allotted and will identify and inspect which stretch needs improvement,\" said the official of the civic body.\"The whole trail of records will be in the system, with before-after photographs. It will record when a zebra crossing was painted, on permissions granted to utilities for excavation. They will get the work done by contractors on time,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14937402", "title": "Royal palm trees to adorn city societies", "text": "SURAT: If Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) succeeds in its new initiative, the diamond city would soon also be known for its royal palm tree plantation. The civic body has drawn up a plan to adorn the residential localities with the tree. It is mulling planting the tree free-of-cost in residential societies and apartments across the city.SMC has already started planting 5,000 palm family trees on both sides of roads as well as on dividers as a beautification initiative. Following a proposal from the garden department, the standing committee has approved the free-of-cost distribution palm trees to residents.\"Along with beautifying the city roads, we want to beautify the residential societies and the space outside the residential apartments. The civic body will be spending Rs 14 lakh for procuring the palm trees and distributing them free to residents,\" garden superintendent of SMC Dr S Gautam said.According to Gautam, the royal palm trees are quite expensive and thus the civic body wants to ensure that none of the procurement goes waste. The residential societies and apartments will have to submit their requirement for trees on their letterheads.In last two years, the city has seen a campaign for green and beautiful Surat being carried out by SMC and a number of NGOs as a part of which at least 2 lakh saplings were planted in different areas. \"It is very difficult to maintain a tree in urban surroundings. The survival rates are generally low due to a number of reasons,\" Darshan Desai of NGO Prayas said.According to SMC, 5 lakh trees were planted in last few years. According to the tree census conducted by the forest department in 2011, there are about 3.5 lakh valued trees of more than 65 different varieties, including peltophorem, gulmohar, tabebuia, Indian coral tree, rain trees, neem, peepal and others.The civic body claims that there are about 4 to 5 lakh trees in city area. \"We feel that ideally there should be a tree for every citizen and that would make this city a good place to live,\" a SMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944581", "title": "Forum orders Reliance insurance company to pay compensation", "text": "KANPUR: The consumer protection forum ordered Reliance group of Insurance on Saturday to pay Rs 27,000 to the complainant as insurance amount within 30 days of the order.The forum stated in the order that if the insurance company fails to pay the amount, then the complainant was liable to realize interest at the rate of 10 per cent per anum from the date of filing of the complaint.Complainant Surendra Kumar Dwivedi alleged that he had got insured his motorcycle from Reliance General Insurance on September 28, 2007 and it was effective till September 29, 2008.His motorcycle was stolen on January 12, 2008. He had lodged a report with the police. The police submitted a final report that it could not be traced.The said F R was admitted by the court and he had apprised the insurance company about that and urged to release the insured sum. But the Insurance company rejected his claim. In his relief, he sought a sum of Rs 25,000 as insured sum and Rs 2,000 as legal expenses. The insurance company appeared before the forum and pleaded that complaint was liable to be rejected as complainant had informed the insurance company late and did not give satisfactory reply to the company when it had sought information.After going through the documentary proof and arguments, the forum observed that it was deficiency of service on the part of insurance company, hence it was liable to pay Rs 27,000 within 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923462", "title": "Court stays razing of Powai hutments for road project", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has restrained the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) from demolishing hutments, coming in the way of the Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road project, near IIT-Powai to enable the dwellers to prove their eligibility for rehabilitation.On July 6, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar heard a petition by Rajeev Gandhi Cooperative Housing Society (proposed) challenging the June 21, 2007 memorandum of understanding (MoU) between the IIT and the MMRDA.Under the MoU, the MMRDA acquired 10,000 sq m of land at Paspoli village for the project and was to construct alternate accommodation for affected IIT buildings and remove encroachments by rehabilitating the dwellers under the slum rehabilitation scheme. Last year, the society moved the court for protection against eviction and challenged the MoU. The MMRDA had then assured the court that \"eligible members\" of the society's 247 occupants would be rehabilitated. The high court had protected their structures from demolition till September 30, 2011.Now, the society has again moved the high court, challenging the MoU saying no MMRDA project has been undertaken on the land on which their structures stand. It has also argued that in the absence of a slum rehabilitation scheme and the fact that petitions have been filed against eviction orders, the MMRDA has no authority to demolish their structures.The IIT and the MMRDA opposed the petition, saying the society's members are \"rank trespassers who have encroached upon IIT's land\". They said the MoU was challenged before and cannot be entertained again as it is the same cause of action.In their order, the judges noted that while the society's both petitions challenged the MoU, arguments only pertained to protecting their structures in the monsoon during the hearing in 2011. The judges said the dwellers against whom eviction orders are passed will have to abide by the outcome of their petitions challenging their eviction. Others can claim rehabilitation only if they are eligible under the policy applicable. The court directed the dwellers to submit within two months documents supporting their eligibility and refrained the MMRDA from demolishing the structures till September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14920156", "title": "Better governance will boost investments", "text": "In a global economy that is slowing down and becoming more risk-averse - the race for investments is a competitive one -- with only the strongest and fittest attracting investments and the resultant growth and jobs.Our state has had a decent track record for investments in the past two decades since liberalization - especially in technology and manufacturing. However, the trend in present times is worrying with investors preferring other states within the country.The reason for success in the past has been pro-active governments and the compelling advantage of Bangalore as an attractive and safe city. However, the state seems to have fallen off the radar of investors in recent years due to various issues, of which quality of governance and the decline of Bangalore as a city rank high.As a state, Karnataka is blessed with many ingredients to make it an economic powerhouse -- the coastline and forests for tourism, mineral assets for industry, and educated human resources for technology. But just like poor corporate governance turns away good investors, poor political and administrative governance is a big turn-off for corporate investments as well. Investors are attracted to efficient, stable and transparent administration. Investors like clean, modern and safe cities. Karnataka today offers neither, despite all its natural potential.To ensure sustainable investments and economic development, government institutions must be rebuilt and their efficacy restored. Transparency, accountability and efficiency must be brought back into the functioning of the government, like the erstwhile leaders of Karnataka exemplified. Bangalore as a city must stop becoming a looting ground for politicians and contractors, and rebuild into the vision of a modern city offering citizens safe and sustainable neighbourhoods.An efficient and sincere government, a revitalized and modern Bangalore and the energy of thousands of entrepreneurs is the recipe required to make Karnataka the competition destination for investments. The sooner we get the political class to realize it, the better. Else we will soon find ourselves being made irrelevant in this competitive race for investments and capital and jobs.(Rajeev Chandrasekhar is Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha, and an entrepreneur)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14938022", "title": "BMHRC likely to recruit doctors", "text": "BHOPAL: In a decision that could bring much-needed relief for the gas victims, the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) is expected to recruit consultants, resident doctors and other technical staff. Revised 6th central pay commission scale is likely to attract applicants for some 60% posts lying vacant in the hospital since 2010.Sources said the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) under which the BMHRC operates is likely to issue orders for revised scales shortly. \"There are some 108 posts for which application would be invited. Consultant and resident doctors would be advertised first, followed by other technical staff,\" BHMRC director Dr KK Maudar told TOI.Currently, gas victims' care is most affected in departments of oncology, neurology, pulmonary and gastro-medicine. All four departments have neither head of department nor senior consultant.\"Nearly 50% of the vacant posts are those of medical practitioners, causing problem to the gas victims for long,\" said a BHMRC official, seeking anonymity.Story Box:Order for revised pay scale still awaited!Some 580 employees of the BHMRC are still awaiting formal orders from the ICMR related to revised 6th central pay commission scale with retrospective effect. In a letter to the employees, ICMR director general Dr VM Katoch had promised CPC scale with immediate effect in February. Nearly five months after a section of BHMRC staff threatened to go on indefinite strike, the Union government department of health research (DHR) has yet to deliver on its promise.Representatives of BMHRC employees association after meeting the director general Dr KK Maudar expressed hope that their demands would be fulfilled by July end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14946106", "title": "One more held in Rs 1.5 crore visa fraud case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A year after a four-member gang defrauded over 100 job aspirants and decamped with close to Rs 1.5crore from the city, the city police on Saturday arrested the third member of the gang from Pattambi. The arrested has been identified as Saidali alias Visa Mani, 35.Earlier, two people have been arrested in connection with the case.Saidali was in hiding at various places in Bangalore and Hyderabad for the past one year. He was arrested by a team led by Fort AC Radhakrishnan Nair.The police team tracked him down in Pattambi through his mobile phone.He was running a travel agency in Bangalore by the name of Omega when the police arrested him.The police also recovered passports and photos of many job aspirants from his bag.According to police, Saidali along with his three friends had been running a travel agency named Trivandrum Air Travels and Tours at Dharmalayam Road near Thampanoor. The gang would advertise in newspapers for job vacancies in Malaysia, Dubai and Kuwait . In order to boost the trust of applicants, they would also give a mobile phone number and e-mail address in Dubai.The applicants would be told that they could secure job if contacted on the phone number or e-mail id. The police said that they had cheated around 450 people. The money has been saved in different bank accounts and a police official said that Saidali would be questioned to reveal the details of bank accounts. According to the police the fourth member of the gang would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921212", "title": "Several irregularities in land mutation unearthed", "text": "HYDERABAD: After exposing several alleged irregularities in land mutations, the Hyderabad district administration has brought some more mutations that were done by former collectors and revenue divisional officers under the scanner.As many as 36 mutations were listed out and are under the scrutiny of the district administration. In these cases, the revenue authorities observed, irregularities had taken place in the mutations and a detailed report is being sent to the Chief Commissioner of Land Administration (CCLA) and revenue department. Mutation is the change of title or ownership of land in revenue records in favour of an individual or a firm.Of the total 36 cases, the district administration had came up with 22 cases especially in Shaikpet, Trimulgherry, Khairtabad, Bandlaguda and Himayatnagar mandals in which land worth Rs 2030 crore is involved. In the majority of these 22 cases, IAS officer Navin Kumar Mittal was the Hyderabad collector. After the irregularities in these 22 instances were detected, the district administration reviewed all the mutations carried out during the recent past and identified another 14 'suspect' cases in mandals like Trimulgherry, Asifnagar, Shaikpet, Musheerabad, Saidabad, Golconda and Amberpet mandals. In these cases, mutations were done in the name of individuals and prima facie, the authorities have established that irregularities have taken place in these cases.Official sources said former collector of Navin Mittal and former Revenue Divisional Officer (RDO) of Secunderabad YV Seshu Prasad had carried out mutation for 4.27 acres to one Henry Harwood in survey numbers 92, 119 and 120 of Tirumalgherry mandal which is inam land. Henry Harwood had sought Occupancy Rights Certificate (ORC) for the said land. But the RDO without verifying whether the individual is entitled for ORC or not under the Inam Abolition Act 1955, sent the file to the collector for clearance. Interestingly, the official report said, the name of Henry Harwood does not figure in the crucial pahani of 1973-74 and there is a court case on the issue. \"The order mentioned the order of Commissioner of Survey and Settlement Records issued way back in 1983 which was confined only to survey no 66/1 and to the settlement records,\" an official said. The Tahasildar implemented the orders of collector in November 2008 under AP Right of Records (ROR) Act 1971 which is not applicable to Hyderabad district, the report said.Similarly in another case of temple land in Mallepally in Asifnagar mandal, mutation to an extent of 4072 sq metres was carried out in favour of L Ramana Reddy and nine others. Official inquiries revealed that the town survey (TS) No 4 is not covered by the decree, which is irregular. Officials said mutation was done in January 2006 in which the decree does not specify any extent or sub-division but the extents have been shown in the mutations. The collector deviated from the exact words used in the decree and changed in the mutation order issued in December 2008. \"There is malafide intention in the order where the deputy director of Survey and Land Records says the endowment has no claim on the subject land though the endowment department is interested party in survey no 7 and 8 of the Mallepally village,\" sources said.Another prime land of 7,589 sq metres land in Shaikpet mandal was mutated in favour of Devika Rani worth several crores of rupees by the former collector Navin Mittal. Officials report said civil court decree of 1985 was considered in 2006 though it ceased to be enforceable after 12 years. In Devika Rani's case, more than three times of the retainable area of 1,000 sq metres was regularized, the report claimed.In another case, a graveyard was mutated in the name of Ch Hymavathi in Yellareddyguda village of Khairtabad mandal, again by Navin Mittal. After Hymavathi encroached upon the graveyard and constructed a G+ 3 floor building, the district administration filed a case of Land Grabbing against her. However, she sought the regularization of the land and the LG Court said the state government may consider the case. As per GO 166, lands required for public purposes like graveyards cannot be regularized but the land was regularized. The court merely said the representation be examined in accordance of rules and it did not give any order for regularizing the graveyard, officials observed.Other mutation cases that are under the radar of Hyderabad district administration include over six acres mutation done in favour of Dayarani Gupta in Golconda mandal (S No 56, 57/2, Ts No 3, Block-J, ward 14 which is presently vacant land with grape garden, another case of 6272 sq metres land transferred to B Sudershan Rao in (Ts No 30, Block A, ward no 172, survey no 215 and 216 of Saidabad mandal) which was done by former RDO of Hyderabad, T Nanda Kishore Singh of Himayatnagar where 788 sq metres land was mutated in his favour. One Ayodhya Bai got about 635 sq metres land mutated on her name in Ts No 3, Block J, ward no 11 of Shaikpet village.\"Mutation cases where the buildings have already come up and small extent of land is involved would be reviewed in the phase 2,\" a senior official of the Hyderabad district said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14942275", "title": "Guwahati molestation: Police face sharp criticism for 'slow progress' in case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The police have come under sharp criticism from all quarters for their alleged slow progress in nabbing the culprits of the GS Road girl molestation case.Assam social welfare minister Akon Bora, on Saturday morning, met the victim and assured her of justice. \"I met her. She is in panic and under tremendous trauma. The government will do everything for her safety and future,\" said Bora. The victim has been kept away from meeting mediapersons.Police, now, believe that most culprits might have fled to neighbouring Meghalaya and have already sought the help of their Meghalaya counterparts to nab them. City Police have identified at least 14 youths who molested the girl in front of a city bar on Monday night. So far, four of them have been arrested.On Saturday afternoon, locals of Bijni's Bishnupur area caught one Ghanashyam Mollik for his alleged involvement in the molestation case. \"Mollik hails from Kamrup's Maloibari area. We are interogatting him now,\" said a policeman of Bijni PS in Chirang district.\"Rubul Ali, Pinku Dey and Amar Jyoti Kalita are the main culprits and might have fled to Meghalaya. We have asked our counterparts there to search for them. They have been provided with the details too,\" said a senior police officer.When asked about alleged slow progress by police in the case, the official added that police rushed to the site of molestation on Monday night. \"Dispur Police Station received four phone calls that night but one officer, who received it, did not respond due to the absence of a woman constable. Then someone from a nearby hotel called Bhangagarh Police and cops from that PS reached the spot immediately and rescued the girl,\" added the officer.\"Our officer was on patrolling duty. As soon as we received the call, we acted promptly. We faced problems as our patrolling party had no woman constable. In fact, Bhangagarh PS has no woman constable. Now only after the incident, four woman constables have been added temporarily,\" said a policeman of Bhangargah PS, which is investigating the case.On the other hand, the SI of Dispur Police Station, who attended the call and did not respond to it properly, has been already suspended.Meanwhile, members of Assam Pradesh Mahila Congress (APMC) gheraoed Bhangagarh PS on Saturday and demanded immediate arrest of the molesters. \"Sonia Gandhi is taking personal note in the case. Police should have arrested the culprits then and there only that night but they failed. We want all who are guilty in the case get punished. Soon, we are going to discuss the matter with Delhi for formulating tough laws for the protection of women,\" said Sona Barua, the general secretary of the media cell of APMC.Though police had earlier booked the four accused under Sec 341 (wrongful restraint), 143 (unlawful assembly), 294 (obscene act), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 354 (assault or criminal force on a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) of IPC, they have added Section 366 (kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman) and 511 (attempt to commit offence) after recording the victim's statement.\"Besides molesting her, she said few men tried to take her with them forcibly,\" said a policeman of Bhangagarh PS.So far, police have arrested Dhanraj Basfor, a cleaner at Gauhati Medical College Hospital, Bulbul Das alias Puspendu, a trader, Bikash Tiwari, a minor, and Mohammad Hafisuddin, a mason, in the case.Dhanraj, who was in police remand since his arrest, has been sent to judicial custody on Saturday by the chief judicial magistrate's court of Kamrup. The Kamrup CJM has sent the other two - Puspendu and Hafisudin - on tw-day police remand. On the other hand, Bikash, who is a minor has been sent to a juveinile home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14902921", "title": "How to curb smartphone addiction", "text": "Most people are not willing to admit it that they are smartphone addicts. Ever since they have become proud owners of this gadget, it has become a super-intrinsic part of their life, whether in the real or the virtual world. The incessant need to check their phones every minute for an email, text or chat message, updates on social networking or micro-blogging sites or simply to play games is perhaps, plaguing most smartphone users. We ask experts solutions to tackle this problem.Tanya Datta, 23, PR manager, admits being addicted to her smartphone. \"I constantly check my phone every two to three minutes to see for any new emails, messages and updates from my friends and family. Also, I constantly update information about myself on chat services and social networking sites. In fact, even if I wake up in the middle of the night during sleep to drink water, I will check my phone. My dad gets quite annoyed with this habit of mine,\" sheepishly she confesses.It's an alarming trend Psychiatrist and psychotherapist Dr Anjali Chhabria says that smartphone addiction has definitely increased in the past few years and it is something which probably is the target of companies manufacturing the phones today.\"Coming to it from a usage point of view, everyone's need for a phone varies so does everyone's time spent on the phone. Having more facilities and accessibility does tempt individuals to use it more than required, for some individuals, it can be an addiction. The reason behind this addiction could be lack of impulse control and restlessness. We have seen quite a few cases of smartphone addiction especially amongst teenagers,\" says she.Reality check In his practice, consultant psychiatrist Dr Milan Balakrishnan has found that low-self esteem is a risk factor for such addictions. \"Parents come forward with a child who is lost in his/her phone to an extent that he does not interact with parents or siblings. He/she does not interact or meet with friends except in his virtual world,\" says he.For something to be called an addiction it needs to fit certain criteria and he lists some of them:The person should be constantly preoccupied with his phone to an extent that the phone takes priority over all his relationships or interests eg. Constantly using the phone during an important meeting or while at dinner with family.Spending an increasing amount of time on the phone more than he requires for routine calls, important messages and email.An inability to restrict cellphone use inspite of knowing harmful effects such as phone bills that exceed your budget and a desire to buy expensive upgrades.A jitterriness, restlessness or anxiety and severe craving when not able to use the phone and great relief and pleasure when he can use it again.Sleeping with the phone nearby and repeatedly waking up to check for a message, status update, etc.Solutions The best way to curb this addiction would be learning to prioritise and time management. People often do not realise when they are meeting friends, conversing with people, in meetings, etc. they are so engrossed in their phone, that they are being disrespectful to the other person. Also, if people think they cannot control their urge to use their phone, they should switch off their phone or put it on silent and keep it in a place where they do not keep looking at the screen, advises Dr Chhabria.Dr Balakrishnan suggests some steps to deal with this addiction:First step is to admit that there is a problem and confide in your near and dear ones.Start maintaining a diary to track your cellphone use and enter them as things that were urgent and those that were just to escape boredom or because of craving. Keeping track itself will help you cut down.Start cutting down on use. First try and reduce the least important activity and continue to taper down while maintaining a log.Learn to switch off your phone or at least turn it to silent at night unless your in a job that has night time emergencies.You don't have to reply to every mail or comment on every status update immediately. You can allocate a time of the day when you will do that.Downgrade to a simpler phone without elaborate functions.If all this fails seek professional help as it maybe a mask for more serious psychological problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14918926", "title": "Urdu, Arabic University to be renamed: CM", "text": "Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday announced that the name of the Kanshiram Urdu, Arabi, Farsi University would be changed and a new name will be given to it after due deliberations and discussions and said that it would be named after a luminary of the Urdu, Arabic and Persian language. The CM said this during the release of 'Adhoori Hikayat' the fifth collection of poems by former IAS officer Anis Ansari. The book was released in presence of the Uttarakhand governor Aziz Qureshi and Chhattisgarh governor Shekhar Dutt. After the book release, Akhilesh Yadav thanked and congratulated Ansari and said that other than being a former IAS officer and currently a vice-chancellor, he was known as a famous poet as well.Speaking on the occasion, the chief minister observed that 'shayari' (poetry) often was the last recourse for troubled souls and gave solace to a disturbed mind as it spoke of humanity and emotions like love. He also pointed out that Lucknow and Uttar Pradesh are traditionally very rich in culture and had contributed largely in the freedom struggle as well as the progress of the nation. Uttarakhand governor Aziz Qureshi said that the book had been written by Ansari with deep emotions and there was a lot of pain in it. Shekhar Dutt, governor of Chhattisgarh lauded the role of Uttar Pradesh and Lucknow in promoting universal brotherhood and communal harmony.Tree plantation drive: Clubbing hands with the universal drive for a greener earth La Martiniere Girls' Alumni Association organised a tree plantation drive in the college campus here. The programme was attended by the alumni, staff and guests of the college. Saplings of fruit and flowering trees like Bel, Aamla, Karaunda, Lemon, Tamarind, Jackfruit, Jamun, Custard Apple, Bottle brush, Oleander (kachnar), Bohemia, Bougainvillea, Cassia Fistula and Cassia Glauca were planted by the alumni, staff and the guests.Rename LU on CB Gupta, says Shivpal: PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav said that he would request the state government to rename Lucknow University as Chandrabhanu Gupta University. \"I will request the government to change the name to Chandrabhanu Gupta University,\" he said at a function held on Saturday. CB Gupta was former the chief minister of UP.Withdraw cases against Urdu teachers: Minister for urban development and minorities' welfare Mohd Azam Khan in a letter sent to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has requested him to withdraw fake cases filed by the erstwhile BSP government against 15 degree holders of Moallim-e-Urdu. He said that these Moallim-e-Urdu degree holders were holding demonstration on February 21, 2011 demanding their appointment as teachers.Photo competition: Lucknow Camera Club and State Lalit Kala Academy will be organising a photo competition on the occasion of World Photography Day on August 19 for professional and amateur photographers. The topic of the competition is 'People, culture and heritage of India'. The winners will be awarded first, second, third and three consolation prizes. Those who are willing to take part in the photo competition are required to send four black and while or colour prints of the size not less than 8\"X10\" and not larger than \"12X18\" to Irish, 16-A, Patiala House, Ashok Marg, Lucknow. The last date of submission of photographs is August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14925465", "title": "The amazing story of Barun Biswas", "text": "In a small Bengal town criminals one day began using rape to silence people. 33 women were violated as the gangs went on a rampage. Then a quiet man stood up to protest the outrage. He was murdered on July 5It was a drizzly July evening 10 years ago. A motley group of villagers from Sutia in West Bengal's North 24 Parganas , had gathered at the local market for a meeting to protest the spate of rapes that had left the area terrorized. They were angry but scared. So, they spoke in hushed tones, even as they distributed leaflets asking people to join the protest.In this melee, a young man \u2014 Barun Biswas \u2014 stood out. The hushed tones quieted as he grabbed the microphone and started speaking. \"If we can't protect our daughters, sisters and wives, then we shouldn't be living in a civilized society. If we lack the courage to take on the rapists, we deserve a more severe punishment than they do... so come and join us to protect the honour of our women.\"The crowd went into a rapturous applause on hearing these words. It seemed as if a ray of hope was shining for them. In the past two years, Sutia had witnessed 33 rapes, around a dozen murders and numerous extortions. Many had been forced to leave the area in terror. A gang of miscreants led by Sushanta Choudhury ruled Sutia, using rape and extortion to hold the people at ransom. Those who protested either paid with their lives or had a woman in the family raped.Barun's efforts got Sutia together and led to the formation of the Pratibadi Mancha that stood for the villagers and took on the rapists. They encouraged the rape victims to go to the police which eventually led to the life sentence of five criminals, including Choudhury. Barun led the Mancha from the front, taking the initiative not just to secure justice for the raped but also to rehabilitate them socially. He also campaigned for the rights of the people, demanding a canal that would prevent flooding in the area. It made him a hero in Sutia but many didn't like this. They waited for their chance to eliminate him. \"Barun knew his life was under threat but he didn't bother. He always had this daring streak in him,\" says Asit Biswas, his elder brother.The 39-year-old teacher had started life as an average student at the Panchpota Bharadanga High School. He graduated in Bengali from Gobardanga College and then went on to do an MA followed by a B Ed. He wanted to be an IAS officer but his social work left him with little time to study. Despite that he qualified in the state civil services exam. Of course, he chose not to take it up as he feared it might eat into his other activities. Eventually, he settled for a teacher's job, which he loved. Concurrently , his social work continued.\"Women were being raped and molested in front of their husbands and children. We were forced to pay even for a puja at our home. The gang enjoyed political support,\" says Hitlal Bayen, Barun's neighbour, who had formed the Mancha with him.\"Initially, none of us knew how to begin. Till Barun walked into that street-corner meeting and threw caution and fear to the winds. It was just the spark that we needed and the protest soon snowballed into an agitation that eventually ended the reign of terror,\" recalls Bayen.But the repercussions were evident. Barun received several threats and avoided going out alone after sundown. He also chose not to get married for he felt that might make him weak and endanger his family. He always had a couple of youngsters accompanying him. \"He had got used to living in the shadow of death. I would ask him to go home whenever I spotted him at the station after dark. But he would be reluctant to leave,\" says Indrajit Choudhury who taught him in school.On July 5, however, Barun had nobody for company. The killers, who had been waiting for a decade, finally had their chance. Passengers at the station refused to lift him to a van or move him to a hospital after he was shot. \"Barun was fearless but the rest of the world is not. He showed us what can be achieved if you overcome fear. We are yet to take the lesson ,\" says his brother Arun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14922590", "title": "No shortage of Indian film following in Pak", "text": "It's been a week of giant cultural losses for India and Pakistan. We said goodbye to Dara Singh, the Tarzan-Samson of Hindi cinema and the ultimate icon of the traditional macho being, the desi Superman.A relatively lesser known icon, especially in India, was Rakshanda Khattak, the Jane Bond 008 of Urdu cinema, a Burmese-Pathan beauty whose Jiu-jitsu moves hurt a few male egos in 'Operation Karachi', the 'first Pakistani film made for the international market \u2014 full of actions, thrills, suspense and dazzling dances.' Circa 1971.The male lead of 'Operation Karachi/Jane 008' was an Iranian actor, Raza Fazli and the film had a popular song \u2014 'Ek urran khatola aayega', by Ahmed Rushdi. The film was apparently a big flop though Jane 008 earned a great many admirers.Cultural changes in Pakistan over the decades since mean that our generations, unlike those in India, don't really know Rakshanda Khattak. But in India ask anyone about Dara Singh and you'll hear plenty. Perhaps the comparison is inadequate but I think you'll get my point.A journo-blogger in Pakistan has taken up understanding Pakistan then and Pakistan now. In his blog, Nadeem Paracha tries to unravel why the culture of the 70s died such a quiet and unnatural death. His 'Stories of Faith and Devotion' talks about how members of his own hitherto un-fundamentalist family gradually followed the yellow-brick path piedpiepered by the Tableeghi Jamaat, a missionary organization obsessed with religious rule-making for the junta.Paracha grew up in Pakistan as a teenager in the 1980s (the most devastating of cultural decades for any curious child in Pakistan). Much like Sabeen Mahmud of Peache Niche, whose coffee-housecum cultural space in Karachi , known as the Second Floor, relentlessly hosts the best-of in music, poetry, dance, art and theatre.Going by the news and the lag in our cultural development, you might think there is a deep, dark cultural abyss. Thanks to Sabeen Mahmud and scores of others, that just isn't true. Film almost died thanks largely to the 3rd general who axed his former chief and settled into the King's throne in Pakistan. Nadeem Mandviwalla of Mandviwalla Entertainment has made it his business to revive film culture in Pakistan by setting up state-of-the-art cinemas. The most and least popular films were both Pakistani - 'Bol' , which Indian viewers also saw in Indian cinemas, and 'Son of Pakistan', a film which was seen by only 56 viewers in Mandviwalla's cinemas. Most of the fare, however, comes from this side. There isn't a shortage of fan following for Indian films or serials in Pakistan. If trade did open, Bollywood would be happy to accept Pakistan into its fold if only for business reasons \u2014 the market appetite is allegedly the size of the entire state of Maharashtra.More important for Pakistan, however, is that rebuilding the taste and love of film will mean more films and more filmmakers than just Shoaib Mansoor, whose two films 'Khuda Kay Liye' and 'Bol' filled the theatres and were funded through and by special channels. The less block-busterish films 'Khamosh Pani' and 'Ramchand Pakistani' reflect a different kind of cinema. 'Slackistan' and the zombie film, 'Zibahkhana' speak about a range of possibilities.That still leaves the ultimate action film. As an ode to the wonderfully bold and multi-cultural Rakshanda Khattak, there could be a remake of 'Jane 008 - Operation Karachi' spiced with all its current-day intrigues.The author is a Delhi-based Pakistani journalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14951814", "title": "Nithya Menen's next release", "text": "Nithya Menen surely has made her mark in Tollywood and Kollywood. The proof of that is the fact that her Malayalam films are now being seen as lucrative options for dubbing.The actress will have her hit film Violin being released as Dil Se in Telugu. The film was directed by Sibi Malayil, one of Mollywood's most famed names. The film stars Asif Ali as her lead and was released in 2010. The film is slated to release in the last week of this month.The film talks about how Nithya, who hates men, is made to fall in love by the hero. The music and cinematography are said to be the highlights of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14921579", "title": "Dwarka traffic to be diverted for new subway", "text": "NASHIK: The busiest traffic junction at Dwarka, where the Mumbai-Agra national highway intersects with the Nashik-Pune highway, will soon be closed to for traffic intermittently for at least four months, to facilitate the construction of a pedestrian subway and for laying girders for the flyover.The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has written to the police commissionerate to divert traffic to bypass the junction.The diversion will very likely worsen the existing traffic chaos that is a routine sight in this part of the city.According to the diversion plan, heavy vehicles on the Nashik-Pune road approaching the city from the Nashik Road railway station, would be diverted from Samrat office to Canal Road at Gandhinagar towards Mumbai-Agra national highway via Indiranagar.Light vehicles, heading from Nashik Road to the city, would be diverted from the Kathe Galli signal to Mumbai Naka on the Mumbai-Agra national highway.In the first phase of construction, traffic heading towards Nashik Road from the Mumbai-Agra National Highway and from the city would be allowed to circumvent the Dwarka circle. Diversion will continue into the second phase as well.With the June 2012 deadline for completing road widening from Pimpalgaon to Gonde on the Mumbai-Agra highway having lapsed, the NHAI has said that the work at Dwarka is being expedited to complete the entire project as early as possible.The pedestrian subway at Dwarkais a major part of the road widening project, since Dwarka junction is an intersection on the Mumbai Agra Highway and the Nashik-Pune road. The subway that is being constructed will connect five different points on the junction . While one wing of the subway will lead to the service road beside Dwarka Hotel, the other wing will lead to the Hanuman temple. The other three corridors would lead to near the current Dwarka police chowkie, Godavari Hotel and towards the service road opposite Dwarka Hotel.According to reports, the work of construction of one end of the subway may take a month's time and the company will have to stop traffic even at the opening of the subway near Dwarka Chowky, Dwarka Hotel and the service road opposite Dwarka Hotel where currently there is a taxi stand.The minimum period required for the entire project work is four months, traffic on every side of the subway's exit points will have to be diverted for a minimum period of one month as each subway corridor is constructed. 's time since a lot of utilities like sewage lines, telephone lines and other cables and pipelines will have to be shifted before beginning the workThe focus of the police however, would be on the diversion from Samraat Group office and from Kathe Galli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "sutia (north 24-parganas)", "code": "14918177", "title": "Saviour with nerves of steel and a heart of gold", "text": "SUTIA (NORTH 24-PARGANAS): For the past five years Sutia's guardian angel had ensured that Soubhadri Majumdar never had to drop out of school. The Class XI girl is bright in studies and hopes to become a doctor. The death of Barun Biswas has left Soubhadri \"orphaned\".\"All these years kaku had ensured that I do not discontinue my studies. When my parents could not afford books, school uniforms or tuition fees, Kaku came to my rescue. He was my guiding star who continuously supported me monetarily and mentally. With him gone, I feel abandoned,\" said Soubhadri, hiding her face in her hands.Soubadhri is a student of Panchpota Bharadanga High School, Barun's alma mater. Barun would often visit the school to meet his former teachers. It was during one such visit that he heard about the plight of Soubhadri's parents who were unable to even feed their two children. Barun did not think twice before offering to support the family.\"My earning was too meagre to feed as well as educate my son and daughter. Then Barun appeared in our life. He has been shouldering my responsibility for five years now. Though we have no blood relation, he was more than a brother to me and a father to my daughter. We are shocked and pained by his death,\" said Soubhadri's father Shyam Gopal, who sells muri.Last year Soubhadri passed Mashyamik with 89% marks. Barun rushed to share the family's joy and reiterated his promise to stand by them till the wannabe doctor realized her dream. True to his promise when Soubhadri wanted to attend chemistry tuition classes, Barun offered to pay for it. He had escorted her to the tuition classes on July 5, a day before he was shot down.\"The monetary help apart, kaku was a motivating force, an inspirational figure for many students like me who hail from poor families. Recently, when I told kaku that I wanted to sit for the JEE medical, he was very happy and said that he would put me in a good coaching class next year. I feel like a rudderless ship now,\" a sobbing Soubhadri said.Apart from Soubhadri's education, Barun was also running around to get an education loan for her elder brother, Shomu, who cracked the West Bengal JEE last year to bag a B Pharm seat.\"Barun was instrumental in making my children engaged in cultural and social activities. It is not only my children that he helped. There are hundreds of poor students in the village who owe a lifelong debt to him. Why did the killers target such a gentle angel and leave so many of us orphaned? I wish I had died in his place,\" said Soubhadri's mother Deepa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14939029", "title": "Semester exams deferred at Utkal University", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Semester examinations of eight post graduate departments of Utkal University scheduled for Saturday were postponed following Friday's group clash on the campus.\"The examinations were deferred as per the students' request. They pleaded that their hostel stay was disturbed because of the flare up. The examinations would be rescheduled at the earliest,\" said Post Graduate Council chairman P K Mishra. The cancelled examination include 4th semester of English, 4th semester of public administration and second semester of journalism , among others. The examinations to be held on Monday, however, will be held as per schedule, he said.Entrance examinations for various PG courses, which were planned on Saturday, however, were held as per schedule. Two university gates towards VSS Nagar and Acharya Vihar remained closed; only the main gate opening towards the Vani Vihar Chowk remained open. Police continue to remain deployed to avert anticipated backlash.A delegation of students met vice-chancellor P K Sahoo demanding action against the outsiders staying on the campus and security for them. The students also demanded Mishra said the varsity take steps to remove non-boarders staying in hostels and outsiders from the campus.At least six students were seriously injured while two two-wheelers were burnt in the clash, two months ahead of university elections. Utkal University Student Union president Tanmay Swain has said outsiders barged into the union room and picked up a fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14916274", "title": "What's ailing health care in district?", "text": "YAVATMAL: Police complaints against 50 quacks, followed by show cause notices on over 200 by the district health officer have raised many questions over the health care system.TOI tried to find out what is ailing the medical profession in the tribal belt of Yavatmal district. The facts that came to the fore are disturbing and need to be addressed immediately.As per the Supreme Court ruling in Civil Appeal No. 1337 of 2007 pronounced on February 27, 2009, there are both Central and state legislations to regularize the medical profession. The centre has recognized five pathies, namely Allopathy, Ayurved, Pure Unani, Homoeopathy and naturopathy and Yoga vide its order dated November 25, 2003. Those who do not come under these wide categories have no right to prefix or suffix the title 'doctor (Dr)' to their names.Accordingly, Government of Maharashtra issued a GR on April 16, 2006, and deleted section 37 of Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Registration Act with effect from November 25, 2005 and made it public that those who violate the provision will be treated as bogus medical practitioners and criminal action would be taken against them.Confirming this, district health officer, Dr Ganesh Rachkundwar, said the campaign against bogus doctors would continue and FIR would be filed against all those who are flouting the norms.On the question of action against quacks on the run, Dr Rachkundwar said if they return, the department would take action against all of them. However, he could not give a satisfactory answer to the question as to why the state government has so far not regularized other therapies being practised across the country under traditional Indian medicines.On Thursday, a delegation of Electro-Homoeopathy Practitioners Association led by its district unit president, Dr Gajanan Rekhalwar, and general secretary, Dr Suresh Chaudhari, called on district collector, Ashwin Mudgal, and submitted a memorandum urging the administration to stop filing FIR against them as they have been practicing alternative Indian medicines in the district for the last many decades.According to the working president of the Association, Dr Shekhar Deshpande, many private medical colleges and medical councils across the country make tall claims in advertisements to lure youth for joining their so-called institutions and issue registration certificates. \"They charge Rs35,000-40,000 per annum for five years for awarding a degree in one of the alternative Indian medicines and registration with one or more so-called medical councils. How these private medical colleges and medical councils operate in Mumbai and New Delhi without authorization is a big question.\"TOI has copies of degrees issued by these medical colleges/universities and their registration certificates. However, whether they are recognized by the government is not clear.The institutions include Electropathy Medico's of India, Bombay which awards Bachelor of Electropathy Medicine and Surgery and grants registration to the candidates. Master's Degree in Electro-Homoeopathy (MDEH) is awarded by Electropathy Medical Council of India (Central Board-India), Nagpur which also gives registration to the candidates as medical practitioners. Chaitannya Vidhyapeeth, Mumbai is another University which grants diploma in naturopathy and provides registration to practice. Yet another institute, Akhil Bharatiya Prakritik Chikitsa Parishad, New Delhi gives DNYS certificate and permission to practice.This year, two institutions, namely, Shri Sant Gadgebaba BEMS Medical College and Research Centre at Pusad (Yavatmal), owned by one Dr GG Deshmukh, and Dudhadari Medical College at Washim, owned by Dr NS Jadhav gave admissions to students after charging hefty fees and donations.Earlier, former minister Dr Rajendra Shingane conducted BEMS course in his Vidarbha Medical College at Buldhana and BEMS College of Dr Dnyaneshwar Wakudkar at Nagpur.Ironically, the then Additional Secretary of Medical Education and Drugs Administration, Mumbai on June 19, 2008, informed Dr Suresh Chaudhari in a reply to a query under RTI Act, that there is no authorized council to grant registration certificates for those intending to practice Electropathy and other alternative Indian medicines in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14940164", "title": "BJD MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra makes first public appearance after suspension", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: BJD MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Saturday triggered speculations of a possible patch-up with friend-turned-foe Naveen Patnaik by gracing a public function for the first time since he was suspended from the ruling party for allegedly attempting to dethrone the chief minister.The onetime BJD stalwart, however, kept everyone guessing. \"The future is predicted by astrologers. I am not an astrologer,\" the Rajya Sabha member said in reply to media queries at the Bhubaneswar railway station, where the East Coast Railway (ECoR) had invited him to flag off the Bhubaneswar-Tirupati-Bhubaneswar super fast train.The MP also scotched media reports that he was planning a political rally on August 7. \"There is no question of organizing any convention on August 7. If I ever plan such a meeting, I shall sufficiently publicize it,\" he said, pointing fingers at some people in his party as \"planting such stories\". \"Some MLAs, who are interested in becoming ministers, circulated such reports,\" he claimed.On Sangma's scheduled visit to Bhubaneswar on Sunday, Mohapatra said he would not attend his meeting. \"I cannot treat myself as suspended from the party as I have not yet received any letter from the BJD president. Nevertheless he (Naveen) has sent a message to the public about my suspension. Party rules forbid suspended members to attend BJD meetings,\" he said.The fear of party members to be in the company of Pyari and run the risk of incurring the wrath of Naveen was evident at the station itself. Three city MLAs - Ashok Panda, Bijay Kumar Mohanty and Bhagirathi Badajena - though invited by the railways were conspicuous by their absence, while party MP Prasanna Patsani, another invited guest, ostensibly to avoid media persons left the station in tearing hurry soon after the flag-off ceremony. BJD Rajya Sabha member Baisnamb Parida, who was also invited to the function, however stood his ground. \"What is wrong in attending public meetings with Pyarimohan Mohapatra,\" he asked. \"There is no rule to take the permission of the party chief,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "14920070", "title": "16-year-old girl goes missing", "text": "CALANGUTE: A 16-year-old girl from Saligao, Eram Sheikh has been reported missing since July 12, according to the Calangute police. Her father Sheriff Sheikh, residing near Datta Mandir, Saligao, lodged a missing person complaint at the Calangute police station on Saturday afternoon after all efforts to trace his daughter failed.She was last seen wearing a pink blue salwar suit. According to the details provided, she is fluent in English, Hindi and Konkani.Police are conducting investigations to trace the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14943660", "title": "Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited to ensure revenue realisation", "text": "VARANASI: To streamline the revenue realisation against power dues all the executive engineers of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) have been instructed to issue 100 recovery certificates (RC) from each divisions every week.The PVVNL managing director AP Mishra also instructed all sub-divisional officers (distribution) to ensure hundred per cent billing and revenue realisation. No laxity in this work would be tolerated, he warned.Mishra held a meeting of all engineers and officials of PVVNL on Saturday to review the work of revenue collection, power supply and damaged power transformers.It came to notice that complaints were being received through the district magistrates regarding wrong address of power consumers in RC realisation and wrong billing. In view of such complaints he instructed the executive engineers (distribution) to collect the RCs from the respective DM offices and get them corrected by proper verification and forward the same to the offices of DMs within a week.Regarding the damaged power transformers he asked the officials to ensure preventive measures like oil filling in transformers, proper earthing and load balancing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14917898", "title": "Rashtriya Lok Dal supports diktat of Baghpat khap panchayat", "text": "LUCKNOW: After Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU), the Rashtriya Lok Dal and All India Jat Arakshan Samiti (AIJAS) have also come out in support the diktat of a panchayat at the Asra village in Baghpat. The diktat puts restrictions on the movement of girls and women.RLD MP and the party chief Ajit Singh's son Jayant Chaudhary visited the panchayat members on Saturday. Later, talking to mediapersons, he said: \"Everybody has a right to manage the affairs of one's family the way they want. They (the panchayat members) are doing just that. It is no diktat. It is a mere suggestion from their side.\" He however cleverly avoided answering direct media queries on the issue of women's rights and whether the panchayat orders were infringing them.Asra village falls in the parliamentary constituency of the RLD chief. Earlier, a meeting was held at the village and it was decided that a mahapanchayat would be held on July 21 in which khap panchayats from other parts of Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Haryana will also be invited.While UP's senior minister Mohammed Azam Khan has already said that the panchayat decision did not merit any action unless it clashed with the laws of the land, Union home minister P Chidambaram insisted that such panchayat diktats and fatwas had no place in a civil society.Khap leader slams ChidambaramMeanwhile, the AIJAS has also supported the ban. \"We endorse the decision taken by panchayat in Asra village and will ask all the panchayats in Uttar Pradesh and adjoining states to follow it,\" Yashpal Malik, president of AIJAS, told TOI. He slammed the Central government and Union home minister P Chidambaram for calling khap panchayat and their decisions undemocratic. He said that a section of media is painting khap panchayats in bad light. \"We are also oppose to dowry system and female feticide but it is not being highlighted. Instead the decision we take for orderliness in the society in accordance with our traditions are dubbed as 'Talibani',\" he said.\"We have no objection in Chidambaram wearing a south India dress and following traditions of the community he belongs. Similarly, he should have no objection if people of other communities want to follow their own tradition and personal code. The decision taken by the panchayat in Asra was an 'advisory' and not a 'diktat',\" said Malik. \"The advisory also included restriction on boys from taking photograph of girls on mobile phone to check its misuse. Similarly, it restricted both men and women from using ear phones while walking or driving because it can lead to accident. Girls were asked not to visit a mela following complaints of eve-teasing. Boy found involved in eve-teasing were punished,\" he added.Further, Malik said \"Girls and women were asked to cover head as per the tradition. Restriction of love marriage has been after boys and girls of 15-16 years age eloped. This is the age for education and not marriage. It was clearly stated in the instructions that those who don't want to follow can go elsewhere, hence panchayat did not impose anything on people. In India, one finds variety of customs and traditions. In south, a girl can be married to maternal uncle but here a boy and girl of a village are considered to be siblings because for us entire village is a family.\" Pointing out towards the proposed law of the central government on banning khap panchayats, he warned that such a move will force Jats to launch a massive agitation.The AIJAS is an umbrella body of various Jat associations which was formed to push the demand of granting Jats status of other backward class and subsequent benefit of reservation in central government services and educational institutions. The AIJAS had last year in March blocked rail routs in Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab for 20 days throwing normal life out gear.On Wednesday, the panchayat in Asara village in Baghpat's Ramala area had issued instructions restricting movement of women and girls. The instructions included covering of head by women when ever they leave home, a complete ban on love marriages and those doing so would not be allowed to live in the village, no mobile phones for girls and only women above 40 years of age were allowed to venture out of house for work among other things.Local residents claimed the panchayat had issued the directives after a consensus was reached on them by members several communities living in the village. On Firday, a police team was attacked when it went there to question village head in connection with the diktat. In Lucknow, urban development and Minority affair minister Azam Khan also issued a statement saying that he does not find anything wrong in a 'group of villagers expressing their opinion'. Khan's statement is being seen as 'appeasment' of Muslims and hardliners in west UP from where Azam comes. BKU president and chief of Baliyan khap panchayat Naresh Tikait had also supported the diktat of Asra village panchayat.Jat is a highly patriarchal ethnic group having presence in Hindus, Muslims and Sikhs of north India. Their population is believed to be around 8.25 crore across nine states in India. In UP, their population is around 2.75 crore. In terms of percentage , Jats are only 6-7% of the total population of UP, but they constitute 17% of the populace in the west UP and can affect elections in 55 assembly constituencies and 10 lok Sabha constituencies. In Mathura Jats are 40% of the population and around 30% in Baghpat. Known for their Khap panchayat diktats, Jats in UP basically an agrarian community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14921713", "title": "Tribal youth arrested for raping 16-year-old", "text": "NASHIK: A 19-year-old youth has been arrested by the rural police on charges of raping a 16-year-old student of an ashramschool in Peth tehsil.The victim who is a tribal studying at the ashramschool in Bhadgi Pada was found to be 23 weeks pregnant. Peth police have filed the case of rape against a youth who belongs to the victim's village and have arrested him.The incident came to light on Thursday night after the girl underwent medical tests to determine why she had been missing her menstrual cycle. An examination revealed that she was in the 24th week of pregnancy. \"The girl was a student at the ashramshala, but stayed at her home, since the school was in the same village. The incident occured outside the school premises,\" a tribal department official claimed.The police said that the complaint against the accused - Harshal Chaudhary - was registered by the father of the girl and not the ashramschool, since she was a day scholar. This meant that the superintendent did not have to step into the picture.It is believed that, the victim's parents might have been aware of the incident but did not bring it to the atention of school authorities, source at the police and the tribal department said.The sources also added that the girl and the boy, were both tribal, but from different castes, and despite this there were rumours or conversations doing the rounds of the village.They added that though it was a consensual sex between the two, criminal proceedings come into the picture because the girl is a minor.Tribal development commissioner Sambhaji Sarkunde has said that he would look into the matter more precisely to understand exactly what happened and would take required action.The victim, who is a tribal student at the ashram school in Bhadgi Pada, was found to be 23 weeks pregnant following a medical test. Peth police have filed a case of rape against the youth who belongs to the victim's village. School authorities have washed their hands of the incident claiming that it occurred outside the school's premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921308", "title": "Cops move court to force babus comply with probe", "text": "COIMBATORE: Accessing an official document, especially pertaining to land deals, from any government office is no easy task. Not even if the applicant is the police.Policemen investigating a criminal case registered in 2007 involving a fake patta issued from north taluk office here were in for a rude shock when babus refused to provide them access to the documents they sought and provide back up details for the past five years.As a last resort, the police moved court and filed a legal petition on February 20, 2012 based on which a district court on Friday issued orders instructing the north tahsildar office personnel to immediately share the requisite documents sought by the cops to make headway in the case, which could implicate some of the retired personnel from the revenue department.\"We got the order copy and it has been handed over to the taluk office. As per the court order, they have to give us the necessary documents with immediate effect or they will face legal action for not complying with court's instruction,' said a senior city police officer.According to police, the city crime branch has been probing into a case in which the two accused, T Raghunath (48) and S Lakshminarayanan (58), had taken a loan to the tune of over Rs1crore from a private bank branch in the city by producing a fake patta deed as security. The incident came to light after the bank agents tried to recover the property only to realise that the patta was granted in the name of a deceased person, though it had the photograph of Lakshminarayanan and was issued from Sanganaur Village office in 2004. The property mentioned in the patta deed was actually sold to many private individuals and investigations revealed that it was a forged document.\"The bank officials were hesitant to officially lodge a police complaint since some of their staff was reportedly involved in the crime. But the son of the man in whose name the patta was granted filed a complaint with us claiming that his deceased father's name was being misused for fraudulent deals,\" said a city police official.The police registered a case on 2007 and started probing the matter. They arrested Lakshminarayanan, while Raghunath managed to evade arrest for some time. It was revealed that both of them had taken the loan in the name of Jayvee exports based in Krishna Colony in the city.Raghunath was suspected to have fled the country and a lookout notice issued in his name, until he was arrested on February 8, 2012. But the probe hit a dead end as the police could not make further headway without getting valid documents from the revenue department.\"Some of the retired officials are likely to be involved in the racket and we are hoping that once we get the register and the required documents,\" said investigating officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917376", "title": "High court denies bail to drug supplier", "text": "NEW DELHI: An alleged supplier of contraband in city's discotheques and rave parties has been denied bail by Delhi high court. Justice Pratibha Rani dismissed the bail plea of Abhay, who was picked up by police from Dilli Haat area and was found to be carrying banned drugs meant for a foreigner called Jeremy.HC rejected the argument of the accused that he had been behind bars since his arrest and was entitled to bail. According to the prosecution, a tip-off was received in March that a drug supplier would be coming to Dilli Haat to clinch a deal. He was nabbed after the informer identified him. The prosecution opposed his bail plea saying he deserved no relief and must be confined to jail or else he will revert to supplying drugs. Police told HC that Abhay's interrogation revealed he was a regular supplier to prominent discotheques in the city and also to private rave parties. This prompted them to take a serious view of the offence and conduct raids based on his disclosures. Cops said further probe is on, and Abhay, if released, might destroy evidence or influence witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14947760", "title": "Two drown in Taraka backwaters", "text": "MYSORE: Two persons who had gone fishing in Taraka backwaters drowned on Saturday.Police said Ashraf, 25, a resident of Taraka and Kenchaiah, 45, of Sattigehundi went for fishing on Friday evening and had got into the water.Villagers, who noticed their sandals and clothes in the evening, alerted police, who retrieved the bodies on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916845", "title": "'My family suffered for nine and a half years'", "text": "NAGPUR: The so-called gangster-turned-cable TV distributor and channel owner Santosh Ambekar on Saturday claimed that his family suffered for no fault of theirs for nine and a half years.Addressing the media at Tilak Patrakar Bhavan on Saturday, Ambekar said that he had nothing to do with the recent extortion racket busted by Ganeshpeth police and that his name was being needlessly dragged into the case.Ambekar, accompanied by his counsel RK Tiwari, said that he was the one who advised aggrieved businessmen to approach additional commissioner of police (crime) Ravindra Kadam to report threatening calls for Rs 10 lakh as 'protection money'. \"I do not know these youths who were arrested for making calls to businessmen for money. I don't know why my name is being used to threaten businessmen,\" said Ambekar, adding \"Many times I have been slapped with fabricated cases.\"Ambekar's lawyer Tiwari said that his client has been acquitted in nearly half a dozen cases. The one case pending is pertaining to the Maharashtra control of organized crime Act (MCOCA). \"We will speak once all the charges against my client are cleared,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14952375", "title": "Swathi - Nikhil to pair up for Swamy Ra Ra", "text": "Actor Nikhil and Swathi would be paired up shortly for a romantic entertainer Swamy Ra Ra. The interesting title has been taken from a classical Carnatic song, and also from athe lyrics of a yesteryear Telugu song.Debutante director Sudheer Varma will be wielding the camera for this film, which would be launched on July 16 in Hyderabad. Swamy Ra Ra is produced by Chakri Chigurupati, who earlier produced Veedu Teda with Nikhil. Sunny is composing the music and cinematography is handled by Richard Prasad.Nithin's earlier outing \"Disco\", an action comedy, tanked without notice at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921073", "title": "Cops cross-examined at tribunal on terror", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ten police officers in charge of probing terror-related cases were subjected to cross-examination by the counsel for Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) during the first day of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Tribunal organised in the city on Saturday.The counsel for SIMI, advocate Ashok Agarwal, announced that the state police had maliciously implicated SIMI in many cases. Pointing to the Viquar Ahmed case, he said that though there was no evidence against SIMI's members, the police named the organisation in this case and several other cases.During the cross-examination of V N V Satyanarayana, additional superintendent of police (former DSP Octopus), the advocate said that the police never mentioned Viquar Ahmed's name in its chargesheet. He alleged that SIMI's name was maliciously dragged in the case.Agarwal also contended that organisations such as Darsgah-E-Jehad-o-Shahadat (DJS) and Tehreek Tahafuz Shuyar E Islam (TTSI) are not banned outfits. Police have claimed that Baleeghuddin Jaber (son of Moulana Naseeruddin) had links with these organisations as well as SIMI, which led to his arrest by the Madhya Pradesh police. The two-day sitting of the tribunal organised at the office of Ranga Reddy collector, Lakdi-ka-pul, will continue on Sunday.The Centre constituted the tribunal in connection with the extension of ban on SIMI. The organisation was banned in 2001 due its alleged role in terror activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14917630", "title": "Accused in court shoot-out case held in Gujarat", "text": "JODHPUR: One of the accused in the Kailash Jakhar escape case, Manish Jyani, was arrested by Gujarat Police at a check-post in Anand district on Friday.Jodhpur DCP (west) Ajay Pal Lamba said that Manish Jyani was arrested by Gujarat police for his involvement in a loot case in Anand. \"We were informed by Gujarat police about his arrest and his involvement in Jakhar case following his interrogation,\" Lamba said.Immediately after his arrest, Jodhpur police sent his pictures to Gujarat and also a team from here verified that he was the same person. On Saturday, the police here got confirmation that Manish was the same person wanted in the Jodhpur court shoot-out which helped Jakhar flee.\"We are waiting for the Gujarat police to complete his interrogation and once he is remanded to judicial custody, we will take him to Jodhpur on production warrant ,\" said Lamba.This will be the 20th arrest in the Jakhar escape case including that of Jakhar himself, who was arrested by Jodhpur police from a small hamlet from Suratgarh in Churu on June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14923505", "title": "Body of third drowning victim at Gorai recovered", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a 20-year-old student drowned off Gorai beach, the body of Niranjan Shinge was fished out on Saturday morning. Besides Shinge, two of his friends, Ashish Chavan and Sujata Patil, were also washed away by the sea.The Gorai police, the fire brigade and lifeguards searched for long before they could retrieve Shinge's body; the bodies of the two other victims were fished out on Friday.The three were part of a group of 13 friends from Thane's GSS College of Commerce that went to Gorai for a picnic on Friday morning. According to civic officials, though lifeguards had warned them against entering the waters, the friends did not pay heed and went into the sea; it was low tide and the three\u2014Shinge, Chavan and Patil\u2014 were washed away. A fourth student, Tushar Mhaskar, who managed to survive with injuries, is undergoing treatment at Bhagwati Hospital. Civic officials said most of the students did not even know how to swim.\"At night, the operation had to be called off owing to lack of sufficient light. The next morning, we resumed the search and around 10.30am, Shinge's body was recovered from a spot not too far from a restaurant near which the youngsters had entered the sea,\" a senior police officer said. The body has been sent to the Borivli centre for an autopsy. \"Post-mortem reports of Chavan and Patil state drowning as the reason for their deaths,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14936566", "title": "Police want banks to hire ex-armymen", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Alarmed over the rising incidents of ATMs being targeted by law breakers in the city, the police have advised bank authorities to recruit former defence and police personnel for the safety of financial institutions.This comes in wake of Friday's Mumfordganj incident where four armed robbers had made a bid to loot ATM of Punjab National Bank . This was the second incident in Mumfordganj within eight months after a group of armed robbers had looted Rs 44 lakh after killing two private security guards outside ATM.SP City Shailesh Kumar Yadav said, \"We have advised banks to hire retired defence or police personnel who could tackle law breakers.\" He added that the department will provide assistance on how to protect financial institutions.Referring to ATM robbery bid case, SP said the guard deputed at ATM was a 20-year-old youth and unarmed. He added that \"if bank authorities come forward to depute trained and armed guards, then it would be an easy task to make elaborate security arrangements in and around banks and ATMs.\"Yadav said police have chalked out a plan to update the securities of the financial institutions and asked the bank authorities to depute trained and armed guards.\"Representatives of all banks have been briefed about the proposal and asked to install electronic surveillance systems,\" SP adding that most of the banks in Civil Lines, Katra, Mumfordganj, Mutthiganj have CCTVs, but these need to be combined with effective alarms,\" he added.\"Currently, we have been stressing on two points. First, installation of CCTVs and training to security guards, as these measures could be effective to check the activities of law breakers in and around banks. Secondly, bank guards would also be imparted training to keep an eye on unwanted visitors,\" the cop said.In case of presence of suspicious persons or vehicle in and around bank or ATM premises, verification should be made immediately by seeking police or public assistance in case of doubt. Besides, visitors could take help from concerned thana cops in case of depositing/withdrawing huge amount of money from banks. According to police, except Civil Lines, a number of banks in other localities including Colonelganj, Mutthiganj, Kydganj, Kareli and Dhoomanganj have no adequate security systems and they are yet to install CCTVs.As per reports, most of the private security personnel hired by banks usually have sporting rifle. If a retired defence or police personnel who is already equipped with his licensed weapon, will be the best option for making elaborate security plan. The security men should rather have licensed DBBL/SBBL or rifles for the purpose, a senior cop said.Report also revealed that banks have deputed private security guards and they are not well equipped to deal with any eventuality, cops claimed that they have been updating security status around banks and teams of Cheetah and Chetak mobile vans would be deployed.Police say CCTVs and alarm systems at all banks, especially within city limits, should remain functional and there should be regular check of such equipment. Besides, there should be no laxity in deputing armed guards, and a DSP rank police official should regularly check the status.Police have been stressing on the security check of visitors with an aim to curb snatching/looting incident with bank visitors. \"Every bank visitor has some purpose, while visiting the bank. And, if his/her activities are doubtful, then there is something wrong and the bank authorities should alert themselves,\" said an inspector rank official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14920028", "title": "I intend to fulfill Matanhy's manifesto promises: Alina", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that she intented keeping her promise of fulfilling all the points in her late husband and former minister Matanhy Saldanha's manifesto, the minister for forests and environment Alina Saldhanha distributed a total of 85 cheques of 2,000 each to the beneficiaries of the Dayanand Social Security Scheme (DSS) from her constituency.At the event held at Cansaulim sports complex on Saturday, Saldanha also distributed 35 Senior citizens cards along with the sarpanches of Cansaulim, Velsao, Sancoale and Cortalim. Saldanha encouraged the locals to make use of the various government schemes available and added that she had instructed her local office in Cansaulim to help bring these schemes to the people.She further stated that the 'ladli lakshmi' forms were available at her office and requested the villages concerned to avail of the scheme and register. Other speakers at the function included activist Marconi Correia and Cortalim BJP mandal block president Tulsidas Naik.Sources added that Saldanha is working towards getting the government to sanction a market complex with parking facilities at Sancolae, Zuari Nagar and Consua, repair of roads in the village and construction of a road from Consua to the airport road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14939157", "title": "Congress asks Rohani to resign over Rajjak links", "text": "BHOPAL: Two days ahead of the beginning of monsoon session of Madhya Pradesh assembly, state Congress dropped a bombshell on Saturday by furnishing a state intelligence report that linked speaker Ishwardas Rohani with Abdul Rajjak- history-sheeter and a Muslim hardliner connected to Jamaat-e-Islami Hind (JIH).Flashing the intelligence report of 2006 sent to police headquarters here from Jabalpur district about Rajjak, who is now in judicial custody in connection with a case, state Congress spokesman Manak Agrawal along with Congress leader Suraj Jaiswal told reporters that Rohani should immediately resign from the post of speaker of the state assembly. They also urged the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to take take action against Rohani.The report sent by the then state intelligence Jabalpur SP, mentioned that if the authorities did not take action to check criminal activities of Rajjak, he might disturb peace of the state anytime.An underworld don of Mumbai, the intelligence report said had asked Rajjak and his rival gangster Mehboob Ali to reconcile and bail out the activists of banned outfit Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) arrested in Jabalpur.Agrawal said that when Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh had told reporters in Assembly campus some months ago that Rohani was having connection with Rajjak, the speaker had said that he would resign and was ready to get hanged if the allegations were true.Now the time has come for Rohani to resign and Chouhan should punish him, he said as the intelligence report with us proves that he was having strong connection with Rajjak.Asked that the report was not signed, Jaiswal said that source that had leaked it to them didn't want a name or sign on it. This is a confidential report and can't be acquired through Right to Information (RTI) act, he added. Repeated calls to contact Rohani over phone proved futile as he did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917202", "title": "Rape bid on mother-to-be in hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the outrage over the molestation in a mob molesting a teenager in Assam is yet to die down, the capital threw up another episode of depravity: a 20-year-old entered the women's ward of Safdarjung hospital in the dead of the night on Saturday and tried to rape a pregnant woman, reportedly an Army officer's wife after leading her out of the ward on the pretext of an examination.To her luck, a doctor on the rounds raised alarm and the man was handed over to the police. It remains to be answered, though, how a stranger was allowed to walk into one of the city's top government hospitalsin the dead of the night, endangering patients' safety.Sources said the woman, who hails from Kolkata and lives in Defence Colony, is the wife of a senior Army officer. Police denied the claim.DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said the accused, Praveen Kumar , who works as an assistant at a private lab in Yusuf Sarai, had tried to digitally rape the patient. The Safdarjung police registered a case of attempt to rape and arrested him.Kumar, police said, entered the hospital around 1.30am on Saturday, saying he had come to hand over a test report to a patient admitted in the female ward. Surprisingly, nobody contested his claim and he was allowed to simply walk into the secure complex. The nine-month pregnant victim, who was admitted on Friday, was caught off-guard in the late hours. He led her to a secluded part of the ward, claiming a doctor wanted to examine her just then.\"Praveen claimed to have come to hand over the victim's test report, but led her away from the ward. He tried to insert his finger in her genitals, when she resisted and shouted for help,\" said a senior investigating officer.\"Just then, one of the hospital's doctors arrived and saw that the accused was harassing the patient. The victim too complained to the doctor.\" The doctor alerted the victim's family and police.The incident raises questions about the safety of women in one of the most secure complexes of Delhi, that has earned the shameful tag of being the country's rape capital. In 2011, the city reported 489 cases of rape, including the brutal incidents in Dhaula Kuan rape and Mongolpuri, as against 459 in 2010. The figures for 2006 was 609 followed by a drop to 581 next year while in 2008 it further dipped to 466. Molestation cases in the capital too showed an increase last year to 585 from the 532 registered in 2010. While 2008 had witnessed 597 cases, there were 835 such incidents in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14925411", "title": "Youth Congress leader held with 5kg opium", "text": "PATIALA: In a big embarrassment for Punjab Youth Congress, the CIA police have arrested its Gidderbaha block president and seized 5kg opium from his car. The accused leader was elected block president in the recent Youth Congress election held before assembly polls earlier this year.The accused allegedly supplied opium to students and farmers in and around Chandigarh, after bringing it from Rajasthan via Bathinda.Police said that CIA cops of Rajpura had set up a check point near Jangpura on Thursday night after receiving secret information about opium smuggling. During search of a Skoda car (PB-60-7979), police recovered 5 kg opium and arrested two persons from the car -- Youth Congress block president Gurprit Singh and Angrej Singh, both belonging to Mukatsar district of Punjab.During search of the car, police have recovered some photos of accused with some prominent Congress leaders. The total value of seized opium is around Rs 4 lakh.\"Gurprit used to bring opium at Rs 70,000 per kg and sell it at about Rs 1 lakh per kg. He had many students and farmers as customers and couriers to supply opium. He has been associated with Congress for the last many years,\" incharge, CIA Rajpura, Mohindera Singh, said.Police have registered a case under sections 18/25/61/85 of NDPS Act in Banur police station while special teams have been formed to conduct raids to arrest other accomplices of the arrested Congress leader. Police sources said they are scanning the list of close friends, who studied with Gurprit and are still in touch with him as cops suspect that they might have been working as local suppliers of opium.\"I know him as he is our block president. Not only me, but all Congress leaders of our area know him. Law will take it's own course. If he is guilty, he will face action,\" said Gidderbaha Congress MLA Amarinder Singh Raja Warring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14902822", "title": "Films have become more professional: Supriya Pathak", "text": "Actress Supriya Pathak Kapur needs no introduction. Married to actor/director Pankaj Kapur, her family consists of some big names of the acting world. After numerous TV shows (Khichdi being the most popular one) and movies, Supriya Pathak Kapur is back on the small screen as Shanti in 'Alaxmi - Humari Super Bahu' on Life OK.Ask her about changes in the industry in her long career span and Supriya says, \"Films have become much more professional. It is now a secure place for people.\" About her last film, Dibakar Banerjee's 'Shanghai', she says, \"Dibakar is very supportive and is very clear about his work and what he wants. My character was a mix of vulnerability with power. The impact of the character was very good.\" Supriya shared the screen space with actor Farooq Sheikh after nearly three decades. She laughs and says, \"Oh, Farooq was my subordinate in the movie!\"Supriya, who returned to the small screen after 'Khichdi', does not like giving too much time to acting. She says, \"I had been busy with 'Mausam' for the last two-three years. And even otherwise, I like to work only for a few days. I can't give 20 days a month to a show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14937538", "title": "Two arrested while trying to sell sophisticated weapons", "text": "MUMBAI:Two persons from Uttar Pradesh who had come to sell 16 sophisticated weapons were arrested by the city crime branch on Friday morning. The two arrested accused have been identified as Abhay Kumar Dubey (21) and Abdul Shaikh (20) from Siwan in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.Police recovered five 7.65 mm pistols, four point 32 bore revolvers and seven 'kattas' (country made gun) from them.Crime branch senior inspector Raghunath Dalvi said that the police are trying to figure out whom they were to sell the weapons and source of the weapons.The police are trying to figure out whether the weapons were to be supplied to any footsoilders of any gang or robber gangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14924572", "title": "Indian Medical Association may go to court over govt\u2019s non-MBBS doctor move", "text": "MUMBAI: Unhappy with the government's announcement to allow other practitioners to legally prescribe allopathic drugs in Maharashtra, the Indian Medical Association (IMA) is planning to move court.On Friday the government had announced that ayurveda, homeopathy and unani practitioners would soon be able to legally prescribe allopathic medicines in Maharashtra provided they completed a one-year course in pharmacology.The allopathic doctors are unhappy with this decision. IMA state secretary Jayesh Lele said it takes an MBBS doctor five years to learn pharmacology. \"Three years are given only to practise it. How can one learn pharmacology from a text-book in one year and be allowed to prescribe allopathic medicines?\" he asked, adding it will be like playing with the patient's life.Homeopathic, ayurvedic and unani doctors had gone on a day's strike earlier this week. Dr Bahubali Shah, president of Homeopathic association, Maharashtra, said that during an emergency, it becomes difficult for general practitioners or rural doctors to prescribe emergency medicines. \"For some emergency problems like fever, vomiting, or dehydration, allopathic drugs work faster. It becomes a problem if non-allopathic doctors cannot prescribe them even in times of emergency,\" he said.The IMA said its legal cell will soon decide on a date to move court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14942381", "title": "26 new orchid species found in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: A research team of the Centre for Orchid Gene Conservation of the Eastern Himalayan Region, which conducted a survey in the forests of Manipur, found 26 new species of orchids, said SP Vij ,a globally-acclaimed orchid scientist and Principal Investigator (PI) of the centre.Of the total 286 reported species of orchids grown in Manipur, the research team of the centre, located at Henbung hill range in Senapati district, has collected 211 species so far apart from the 26 new species found in Senapati and Ukhrul districts, said Vij, who is a retired professor of Punjab University involved with orchid research for nearly five decades.\"We have preserved all the 237 species at the centre's orchidarium and field gene bank. Our team will continue to survey the remaining hill districts of Tamenglong, Chandel and Churachandpur. We are expecting the orchid species count to reach 500 if we scan the entire jungles of Manipur,\" he said.Set up in 2010, the centre funded by the ministry of science and technology, is headed by Vij and has around 20 staff, including scientists, technicians and junior research fellows. The centre's host institute is Foundation for Economic and Environment Development Services (Feeds), a prominent NGO headed by Haokholet Kipgen, a former legislator.On Saturday, the centre's new research and development laboratory building was inaugurated by T Ramasami, secretary of the centre's department of science and technology. Kipgen said the orchids are globally adored, are therapeutically important and are used to cure different human ailments.Stating that India is rich in orchid resource and the Indian Himalayan region alone is home to nearly 1,000 species, Kipgen said full realization of their economic potential has, however, remained abysmally slow due to lack of awareness about these plants and non-availability of suitable planting materials.About the centre, Kipgen said it has an ultra-modern laboratory, an orchidarium and field gene bank spread over an area of 250 acres. The centre will make orchid germplasm available to growers, research institute, forest department and different universities of the country, he added.Kipgen said the centre will focus on training, technology for protecting, restoring endangered species, identification of useful species, cultivation, processing, packaging, marketing and maintain links with collectors, farmers and those who deal with medicinal plants.RK Kishore, senior scientist in the centre said field survey to collect orchid species will be conducted very soon. SN Puri, vice chancellor of Central Agricultural University, Imphal and deputy commissioner (Senapati) PK Jha attended the inaugural ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14941647", "title": "Shruti Haasan not finalised for Prabhu Deva's film", "text": "Producer Kumar Taurani of Tips has rubbished reports of signing Shruti Haasan for a film directed by Prabhu Deva.There was a buzz in B-town that Shruti will be seen opposite Taurani's son Girish, who is making his debut in Bollywood. The untitled film will be directed by Prabhu Deva.\"We have not yet finalised her. Wait for sometime...next week we will finalise,\" Taurani told PTI.On if he has approached Shruti, Taurani said, \"I can't comment on that.\"He also refused to divulge details if the movie will be a remake or an original and only said that the film will go on floors in August.Meanwhile, the producer is excited about his next home production Jayantabhai Ki Luv Story , featuring Vivek Oberoi and Neha Sharma of Crook fame.\"As Vivek has already played the role of a gangster, it is a big plus point for us. There is this sudden excitement when people come to know that Vivek is playing a gangster. I think gangster roles are a monopoly for Vivek,\" Taurani said.\"When my director narrated the story to me, I felt Vivek was the perfect choice, as he knows nuances of a gangster,\" he said.A romantic-comedy, Jayantabhai Ki Luv Story caters around Vivek, a gangster and Neha, an educated-subtle girl, and how they fall in love.\"Even though it is a romantic-comedy, there is an element of seriousness and a bit of violence. But this (romantic-comedy) part is a new thing. I liked this more as it was mixture of both. It is a complete entertainer,\" Taurani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14921939", "title": "Administration's deal with agency for Kumbh kaput?", "text": "NASHIK: The Rs 1.50-crore agreement to be signed between the district administration and Ernst and Young (E&Y;) for drawing up an integrated master plan for the forthcoming Kumbh mela and religious tourism around Nashik is likely to enter choppy waters, with the collector having his own reservations about appointing another agency for getting inputs for religious tourism when the same job (working out religious tourism) was already done by the travel finance corporation of India (TFCI).\"There is no harm in going ahead with E&Y;, but for two reasons. One is that the draft plan will be available only after 34 weeks starting from the date of signing the agreement. The second is that most of the suggestions are already available with us with the TFCI already presenting plans for development of the region,\" Nashik collector Vilas Patil explained.E&Y; will be submitting two plans, a Kumbh Mela plan in 28 weeks and religious tourism in greater Nashik in 34 weeks after the agreement is signed. By that time, the administration will be losing valuable time in planning and proposing projects and getting them sanctioned from the government.\"At present, respective government agencies have planned things for themselves keeping in mind their requirements. Besides, the TFCI has chalked out a plan. Superimposing both the models, we already have the best things in place and what more can be expected from any third agency. What we can ask them is to plan beyond Kumbh Mela 2015, which will help us lay a foundation for the development of the region for the next decade,\" Patil said.The collector said that the administration could start with some work right now even as it would have time in hand to stress for more funds from both central as well as state governments for the proposed projects and for major work to be undertaken later. He also saod he would be talking to the secretary on the issue and take a decision on the agreement only after that. The exercise is likely to finished in the forthcoming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14938155", "title": "Parents protest fee hike in Campion, Bairagarh", "text": "BHOPAL: Yet another school has come under fire for fees hike. This time it has happened in Campion school Bairagarh. The parents, who have already submitted a written petition to the collector, have threatened to intensity their protests from Monday if the fee hike is not rolled back.Last week, a protest launched by parents had forced the management of St Theresa Girls school Piplani to roll back the hike effected in the school fees.District education officer CM Upadhyay said, \"We have received a complaint regarding the fee hike in Campion School, Bairagarh. The matter would be probed and action would be taken accordingly.\"In a complaint lodged with the education department, the parents have alleged that for the current session, the fees of KG II amounted to Rs 11,590 of which Rs 4,000 was for smart classes. Besides, promotion fees of Rs 1,000, maintenance fees of Rs 2,640 were also being charged which they deemed as unfair.The parents have alleged that because of the fee hike in the new session, the school management has pocketed a sum of 4 crore. There are around 3,000 students in the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14916786", "title": "Delhi youths thrashed in Gurgaon bar", "text": "GURGAON: A brawl broke out at a restro-bar on Gurgaon's mall mile late on Thursday. Police managed to arrest two people involved in the scuffle but they were granted bail by a city court on Saturday.Following a dispute over coupons, employees of the bar beat up some Delhi-based youths who were celebrating an occasion. The incident occurred at a bar in JMD Mall on MG Road. The two arrested persons were identified as the owner and manager of the restro-bar.According to police, the brawl took place in Pyare restro-bar in JMD mall. On Thursday night, Sanjiv Sejwal, a resident of Lodhi Sarai in Delhi, had came to the bar to celebrate an occasion with his friends. After having food and drinks, they reached the counter to pay the bill of Rs 8,000 around 11.30pm. Sanjiv gave the cashier two privilege coupons, each worth Rs 1,600, with the payment. However, the clerk refused to encash the coupons. An argument ensued and soon the bar owner, the manager and two other employees start beating up Sejwal and his friends.One of Sanjiv's friends called the police control room. By the time a team from Sector 29 police station reached the spot, the accused had fled.On Friday morning, the Sector 29 police lodged an FIR based on the complaint of Sejwal against bar owner Sanjay Saini, manager Paramjit Singh, Manish and another bar employee.\"We produced the two arrested persons in a city court on Saturday, and they were granted bail,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14924400", "title": "A flashback to Delhi Durbar", "text": "BANGALORE: Among the various 'top guns' who participated at the Delhi Durbar in 1911 were the Maharaja of Mysore Krishnaraja Wadiyar IV.\"Mysore Krishnaraja Wadiyar IV spent huge amounts of money on the camp where all dignitaries who had arrived for the coronation of King George V and Queen Mary - of course all the tents were imported from England, plush with insulation and Persian carpets - chose to stay at Maidens Hotel , unlike the other Maharajahs,\" recounted former BBC South India correspondent and author Sunil Raman. Raman was at a presentation recounting the grandeur and significance of Delhi Durbar 1911 on Saturday.Raman, who takes enthusiasts on heritage walks in Delhi, said this significant occurrence in 1911 marked the movement of the capital of British India from Calcutta to Delhi. Along with co-author Rohit Agarwal, Raman had decided to enshrine the grandeur of Delhi Durbar in a book last December marking its centenary.Drawing focus to the prime regions colonized by British in India, Raman's presentation in Bangalore threw perspective on an event, which saw the rise of a new railway station, water canals, post offices, telephone exchange, market place and separate camps to accommodate Indian royalty. It also comprised rules, including one, which stated: 'all pedestrians must walk on footpaths' . \"They had it all worked out - right from colour coding the invites to organizing walnut wood screens for the women dignitaries in purdah,\" recounted Raman.This show of power was markedly different from the previous two Durbars in 1877 and 1903. \"There were no elephants, only horses, for the Queen was afraid of pachyderms,\" said Raman . This is so unlike the Royal Durbars of Mysore, which is vibrant even now with elephants from the palace, especially during Dasara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14941690", "title": "No takers for traditional music instruments", "text": "RANCHI: There was a time when music shops sold traditional Indian musical instruments from sitar, dholak to tabla and tanpura. People were fond of classical music and desired to learn Indian instruments.However, with time western music caught the fancy of the people and the craze to learn guitar and violin took over, resulting in a declining trend for classical instruments.The shopkeepers in the city hold similar view. \"Earlier, parents wanted their children to learn classical music. Indian ragas were a hit with the elderly and the youths alike. However, times have changed,\" said Kavita Bose, owner of the Musicals, reminiscing old days.Her shop is the oldest in the city, set up in the year 1954. \"The demand for classical instruments has definitely gone down but people do come looking for harmonium and tabla in my shop, although the number has dwindled to a very few these days,\" said Bose.With time, cost of these instruments has also increased remarkably. \"Price can be cited as one of the reasons behind the declining trend. Earlier, a harmonium was available for Rs 500 to 600, but in the recent times, price has gone up to Rs 16000. Tabla and dholak ranges from Rs 1500 to 1250 respectively. Labour cost and raw materials adds to the escalation of price,\" said the owner of Ghosh Musicals.Globalization has also brought about changes in the preference of people, especially youths, who have moved away from classical music to pop and rock band culture. \"The taste has changed among the youths. Instead of a Dholak or Tabla Dugi, Spanish guitars catch the fancy of the Gen Y. Apart from this, demand for Synthesizer and Violin has also increased over the years,\" said Ashish Das from Das musicals store.However, reality shows like Sa Re Ga Ma has kept Indian music alive in today's scenario. The urge to learn classical music in the youths is till existent, thanks to these TV reality shows. A section of youth still takes interest in Indian ragas. Of late, market for traditional instruments has shown signs of revival,\" said Ashish, while repairing the guitar for a customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14920088", "title": "Exploiting the Western Ghats from riches to rags", "text": "The Western Ghats have a genetic biodiversity tracing back to 500 million years, much before the dinosaurs became extinct 65 million years ago. Today, these unique forests typical of the tropics are a \"gene pool\" harbouring millions of species of animals, plants and the microbial world.Being a genetic hotspot, the heritage unit of UNESCO decided to grant a section of the Western Ghats lying in the states of Kerala, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Gujarat with a \"heritage tag\" leaving Goa and Goans in a state of neglect and despair, for we are a society caught up in a web of greed and selfishness.We proclaim from the roof top that we haven't inherited the Western Ghats from our ancestors, but merely borrowed it for our future generations, but alas, we have cleared our forests, raped our verdant hills, ripped open sections of our fertile soil to explore and exploit mineral wealth lying in the bowels of our hilly terrain.Everyone knows the minerals in the Western Ghats are finite and non-renewable, at best exploitable for another 50 years. We know for sure that the iron ore belt in the Western Ghats is an aquifer which stores billions of cubic metres of precious water derived from precipitation during the monsoon, absorbing into our geological soil strata which acts as a sponge and brings our lakes, reservoirs, rivers and tanks alive with fresh potable water and rich with aquatic biodiversity. In the area of 700sq km, across 65km of Goa's section of the Western Ghats, we have potentially 300 mining leases capable of battering, shattering and scattering over 40% of our biodiversity.If we manage to steal a bird's eye view while travelling from Delhi or Mumbai, with the pilot hovering over Sattari, Sanguem or perhaps over Canacona whilst coming to Goa by plane from South India, we can clearly see deep reddish brown butchered hills and bleeding brownish water streams, giving the Mandovi-Zuari water basin the brownish tinge, with the crystalline clear and pure water to be only recorded in history books. We must realize thousands of costly filter beds are used annually by the public water works department to clarify the water used for drinking purposes. The filter cake clogging filters are very rich in mineral content, which find their way into the drinking water supply. Our research papers in scientific journals have established that manganese is released into drinking water by manganese-reducing bacteria at the Selaulim reservoir supplying water for domestic use to the residents of Salcete and Mormugao talukas.Should we care more for the pittance of revenue generated through mineral exports or should we bother more about kidney diseases, skin infections, physiological biomagnification and disabilities rendered by unscrupulous mining responsible for metal toxicity?The Western Ghats from Goa surely do not deserve the heritage tag or status. What is an added nail to the coffin of Goan woes is that with 3,000mm of rainfall in our coastal region and 5,000mm of precipitation in the Ghat section, we had declared Goa as a water deficient state about 10 years ago. This, knowing fully well that Goa has the potential to harness water for eternity for consumption and export. This implies that we are killing the goose that lays the golden egg by destroying aquifers and water-laden reservoirs in an attempt to extract minerals.For each job mining generates temporarily, we lose over a 100 jobs permanently in the sectors of agriculture, forestry, fisheries, and genetic biodiversity wildlife and heritage potentialities. We have inflicted upon ourselves the scourges of poor quality of life rich in respiratory diseases, adverse effects of metal toxicity, threats of droughts and floods as buffering by forests and soaking abilities of our butchered hills has been permanently lost, exposed ourselves to vagaries of earthquakes as resistance by the iron and mineral ore belt along with displaced mineral reject of 5000 million metric tones would stand displaced making the Western Ghat region fragile and the residents of Goa victims of man-made nature's fury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14918098", "title": "Samajwadi Party govt to implement Sachar panel report", "text": "LUCKNOW: Few days after Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav thanked all the prominent Muslim clerics in the state for their support in the 2012 Uttar Pradesh assembly elections, an act seen as a move to appease Muslims with 2014 Lok Sabha elections in mind, his son and chief minister of UP Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday assured that the Samajwadi Party government will fulfil all its electoral promises, including the implementation of the recommendations of the Rangnath Commission and Sachar Committee.Though Akhilesh did not set any deadline, he said that his government will implement the recommendations, which can be executed at the state level. He announced that the state is reeling under power crisis, but government will try to provide uninterrupted power supply to Muslim localities in Lucknow during the month of Ramzan. He also announced that the government will recruit Urdu teachers in primary schools to promote the language.The SP government has been in a fix after the Supreme Court on June 11 refused to stay the Andhra Pradesh High Court order scrapping quota for Muslims in government jobs and educational institutions. The Supreme Court had also pulled up the Congress-led UPA government for announcing 4.5% sub-quota for minorities on religious ground within 27% quota meant for the other backward classes. The SP government had then accused the Centre of not being serious in implementing the minority quota. However, at the same time, the apex court's stand came as a setback for the Samajwadi Party, which had announced during campaign for the assembly elections earlier this year that, if voted to power, its government will implement 18% Muslim quota in proportion to the population of the minority community in UP.On Saturday, Akhilesh Yadav without taking name of Muslim quota, sought to clarify stand of his government. \"Our intention to work for Muslims has always been clear. Samajwadi Party has worked for Muslims in all its regimes. This time also, we will fulfil all promises made in the manifesto. If required, we will form a committee to find out which recommendations of the Rangnath Commission and Sachar Committee can be implemented at the state level,\" he said while addressing a function to release a fortnightly magazine and felicitation of eminent Muslim personalities working in different spheres in the state.Earlier, Samajwadi Party had said that it will mount pressure on the Centre to amend constitution for making way for reservation for Muslims who constitute around 18% of the UP's population and play decisive role in 120 assembly constituencies out of total 403 and in 25 Lok Sabha constituencies out of total 80 in the state.The CM announced that as promised by the Samajwadi Party, the distribution of laptops and tablet PCs to students who have cleared class 12{+t}{+h} and 10{+t}{+h} will start soon. And, these laptops and tablet PCs will also run on Urdu language, he added. He said that the state government has already made budgetary allocation to provide Rs 30,000 financial assistance for marriages of Muslim girls passing class 10{+t}{+h}.In a bid to balance things, Yadav also said that Samajwadi Party got support of all the communities in elections, hence its government will work for all without any discrimination. He said that work to fulfil the promises made in election manifesto for the people of the state has already begun. In just four months, he said, the state government has taken several big decisions for development of Uttar Pradesh.Referring to roll back of the decisions restricting use of electricity in malls and shops after 7.00 pm and allowing legislator to use development fund to buy cars, Yadav said that the government took back the decision respecting the opinion of the Opposition and media, which show his government's commitment towards democratic values. \"However, at the same time, there are forces, which are creating trouble at every step of the government. He said that some officers are conspiring to sabotage government projects and defame it,\" he said and added that he will tackle all.Those felicitated on the occasion included Qamar Alam for social service, Qutubullah for journalism, Prof SV Akhtar for higher education, Rizwan Ahmad for police administration and engineer Nadeem Tareem for contribution in primary and secondary education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14938911", "title": "Matrachhaya: Rekindling hopes in life of childless NRIs, PIOs", "text": "BHOPAL: Six months after Matrachhaya, a Bhopal-based adoption agency, received recognition for inter-country adoptions, half a dozen applications have been received from non-resident Indians (NRIs) and persons of Indian origin (PIOs) while another ten have been submitted online. This is the only adoption agency in Madhya Pradesh to have obtained such a recognition.Matrachhaya, after the recognition has become what is known as Recognized Indian Placement Agency (RIPA), which performs all roles and functions assigned to a specialised adoption agency in addition to specific roles and functions assigned to it in cases of inter-country adoptions.Counsellor Preeti Sahu told TOI, \"We have already around six applications with us, which are currently under process. Some applications have been received online as well, but their hard copies are still to come by.\"Amita Jain, vice-president of Matrachhaya management committee, said that applications from NRIs and PIOs have been received from different countries like Spain, Finland, USA and Dubai . \"The adoption procedure is under process. Generally, it takes about three-four months' time for finalizing the adoption.\"The recognition of Matrachhaya came in January this year after it was recommended by the state government. Then a team from Central Adoption Resource Agency (CARA) under the ministry of social justice and empowerment conducted an inspection to ensure it met all the eligibility criteria. It was only after a clean chit was given, Matrachhaya became a RIPA.Jain added, \"It would become easier for children with special needs to be adopted now that we've become a RIPA.\" She recounted how they have a child at the centre, who doesn't have the outer ear even though he can hear. \"I would be happy if he gets a home now,\" said Jain.Jain said that in India, couples are very choosy whereas others are more lenient. Also Indian couples do not generally want an older child of around 2 \u00bd years. \"Often they have absurd demands that the child should be fair whereas they may be wheatish. They also want young children when their age might be around 45. In such cases we counsel them and try to match the children with the prospective parents,\" she said.\"But yes , every time a child leaves us, it makes us feel bereaved as we do grow much attached in a short span of time,\" Jain said.rageshri.ganguly@timesgroup.comCriteria for Foreign Prospective Adoptive Parents (FPAP):Married couple with 5 years of a stable relationship, age, financial and health status with reasonable income to support the child should be evident in the Home Study ReportProspective adoptive parents having composite age of 90 years or less can adopt infants and young children. These provisions may be suitably relaxed in exceptional cases, such as older children and children with special needs, for reasons clearly stated in the Home Study Report. However, in no case should the age of any one of the prospective adoptive parents exceed 55 yearsSingle persons (never married, widowed, divorced) up to 45 years can also adoptAge difference of the single adoptive parent and child should be 21 years or moreA FPAP in no case should be less than 30 years and more than 55 yearsA second adoption from India will be considered only when the legal adoption of the first child is completedSame sex couples are not eligible to adopt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14941367", "title": "Law and order deteriorating in CM Tarun Gogoi' home district Jorhat", "text": "JORHAT: Law and order in the chief minister's home district is deteriorating every day due to short sightedness of top police officers.Police officers in Jorhat are maintaining an unholy nexus with different criminals for vested interests. As a result, crime cases in the cultural capital of the state is fast growing, said All Assam Students' Union (Aasu), Jorhat district unit. Activists of the organization on Friday formed a human chain in front of the DC's office here in protest against police anarchy.Aasu has also sent a memorandum addressed to the chief minister regarding the matter and has sought immediate dismissal of Jorhat sadar police station OC. They have also issued an ultimatum of four days to the chief minister to take proper action on it and threatened to take up a massive protest immediately.Aasu Jorhat district president Biren Saikia said, \"Top police officers are maintaining an unholy nexus with criminals and are take bribe. They have failed to protect the lives and property of commoners and arrest the culprits. But all these are happening under the nose of the chief minister and he has turned a blind eye to it. So, we want the chief minister to take action on the matter within four days. Otherwise, we have to take to the streets with more rigorous protest programmes to put pressure on the government.''Aasu leaders Bijoy Shankar Bordoloi and Bibhubhusan Goswami, in a joint statement, said, \"A group of unscrupulous traders regularly supply some illegal arms and drugs from Lakhimpur to Jorhat via Majuli. The traders' group, taking advantage of police inaction, has made Jorhat an important market place for their business during the past few months. But in spite of repeated requests to police to control these illegal activities, no steps have been taken.\"According to official records, 952 cases were registered in Sadar police station in 2011 as compared to just 436 in 2009 and 854 in 2010. This year, the number has already crossed 618 and it is expected to touch 1300 by the end of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14917170", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. Ltd plan may affect consumers in big way", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has invited suggestions and objections from consumers on the road map submitted by MSEDCL for making the state load shedding free. The submission has to be sent to secretary of MERC and a copy has to be submitted to MSEDCL's chief engineer (load management). The road map is available on MERC website - . The last date for submission is July 28.However, MSEDCL's 'Road map for load shedding free state' is a paradox as it does not intend to make the entire state load shedding free. Moreover, it is not even a proper road map. MSEDCL has issued a load shedding circular (no. 45), in which it has already decided what is to be done August onwards.The company has stuck to its stand that areas having losses above the cut off figure will face heavy load shedding as otherwise the company will incur huge losses and burden honest consumers. An urban area having more than 34 per cent distribution and collection losses (DCL) is considered a high loss area. The figure for rural areas is 37 per cent.As per the road map, so far load shedding was done on the basis of division level losses. Now, it will be done on the basis of 11 KV feeder losses. All MSEDCL officials have been asked to reduce losses by July end to the extent possible. After this, feeders having losses more than 34 per cent (urban) and 37 per cent (rural) will be subjected to heavy load shedding. However, this principle is applicable to franchisee areas. Load shedding will be done on basis of DCL of the entire area rather than feeder level losses.When this plan is implemented it will affect consumers in a big way. In some divisions with low losses there are a few feeders where losses are quite high. So far due to average losses they were exempt from power cuts. Now this will no longer be the case. Kamptee is going to face heavy load shedding because its losses are over 50 per cent. Similarly, some consumers served by feeders in high loss divisions will get relief as the loss is below the cut off figure.Most consumer representatives are against it saying that honest consumers staying in high loss areas should not be punished. MSEDCL contends that supplying power to high loss areas increases its losses, which it recovers from honest consumers. Even though MSEDCL's approach is rational, there seem to be few takers for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14920622", "title": "Medical graduate elected state Youth Congress president", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the first ever election for the president of the state youth Congress, former state NSUI president Ch Vamsichand Reddy won with a huge majority defeating the sons of well entrenched political families in the State.The polling took place on July 11 and 12 and the counting was taken up on Saturday. The results will be officially announced after they are cleared by AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi.In a fiercely fought election where candidates reportedly spent crores of rupees, Vamsi, a medical graduate from Gandhi Medical College in Hyderabad, won the election with a margin of 6326 votes over his nearest rival Anil Kumar Yadav, son of Secunderabad MP Anjan Kumar Yadav.Vamsi secured 13,799 votes while Anil got only 6326 votes. The other defeated VIP candidates are Ravi Kumar Yadav, son of Serilingampally MLA M Bikshapati Yadav, and Marri Pururava Reddy, son of senior Congress leader and Sanathnagar MLA Marri Sashidhar Reddy. The total votes polled were 31,645.With 6167 votes, Ravi Kumar Yadav got the third position, while Pururava Reddy got the fifth position with only 616 votes. Altogether, 26 members were in the fray. As per the Youth Congress guidelines, the runner-up will become the general secretary of the state unit. The remaining candidates will be appointed as secretaries.Even though the election did not attract much media glare, sources in the Congress said some of the candidates even spent more than a crore. The election was the idea of Rahul Gandhi , who is also in-charge of Youth Congress. On assuming office, he had done away with the practice of nominating the state president. He wanted the president to be elected democratically. Since the state president is expected to interact with Rahul regularly, sons of top city Congress leaders competed for the post. \"My election to the post of Youth Congress president is a triumph of grassroots politics under the leadership of Rahul Gandhi,\" Vamsi told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14919401", "title": "Few takers for police plan to curb ragging with CCTVs", "text": "MADURAI: Among the many measures to control ragging in colleges, the city police have suggested the installation of Close Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras on college premises. However, educationists have come out strongly against such a measure, charging that it would hamper the healthy environment of debate and interaction among students.During the anti-ragging meeting held on Thursday with academicians and student representatives, commissioner of police, Sanjay Mathur urged institutions to install CCTVs at entrances and other important places inside their campus to prevent ragging. \"CCTVs will create panic among students and help in preventing ragging incidents. The installation of these cameras has become more affordable at present so all educational institutions can install them. The set up will also help police identify the errant students,\" the commissioner said.But educationist V Vasanthi Devi says that installing CCTVs will not work and that other systems should be put in place to monitor ragging. \"Ragging cannot be tolerated in any way as it is the most uncivilised way of interaction. But electronic surveillance to prevent it will violate the privacy in colleges and cause fear among students. Instead, colleges should work on creating an environment of ethos among students for which good counsellors are required. Trained counsellors will be able to mentor troublesome senior students and deal with the various factors that trigger violent behaviour among students,\" Vasanthi said.Many college heads also expressed their apprehensions about electronic surveillance on college premises. \"We are strongly opposing any move to install CCTVs in education institutions as we believe that the surveillance for ragging will be used beyond its purpose,\" S Vivekanandan, president, Madurai Kamaraj University Teachers' Association (MUTA) said. There are disciplinary committees in institutions to deal with such issues and in case of any grave matters, the police is immediately contacted, he said. \"Electronic surveillance will violate the privacy of colleges which thrives on democratic dialogue, debate and interaction on varied subjects,\" he said.The suggested move has caused tension among the student community as well who feel that CCTVs will violate their freedom on the campus. \"There are many interactions that take place on campus which may appear like ragging for others. Besides, students discuss various things and there is a danger that they will be targeted for any comments against the college or faculty,\" M Dinesh, a student said. M Esarella Praneetha studying in a women's college strongly advocates that anti-ragging measures should be initiated from members within the campus itself. \"Even if the police feels that CCTV is a must, it should not be on a permanent basis but to monitor the initial months in the college,\" she said.However, police said that they were proposing the measure as a precautionary step and that it was an optional step to be decided by the college managements. \"We have found CCTVs as an effective method to prevent crime. During the meeting, academicians pointed out other possibilities of old students and outsiders involved in ragging. Hence, we are suggesting that the colleges fix surveillance cameras in the entrance and other places where ragging can take place,\" R Thirunavukkarasu, deputy commissioner of police (law and order), Madurai city said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14920671", "title": "Police submit chargesheet in a case after 26 yrs", "text": "ARARIA: Incredible though it may seem, Narpatganj police submitted chargesheet in a case of forgery and embezzlement after a yawning gap of 26 years on Thursday. Chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Araria, Sampurnanand Tiwari taking cognizance of the case, transferred it for trial to the judicial magistrate's court in Araria the same day.Purnia district and sessions judge (DJ) Sanjay Kumar , in the course of a recent meeting of monitoring cell in Araria, took strong exception and directed Araria SP Shivdeep Lande for immediate action in the forgery case. Besides the SP and DM, other senior magistrates were also present at the DJ's meeting, said official sources.Accordingly, Araria SP shot off a letter to Narpatganj SHO, asking him for prompt compliance in the case. Narpatganj police complied with the SP's order and submitted the chargesheet on Thursday.The former executive magistrate, S K Jha had, way back in the year 1986, got an FIR lodged with Narpatganj police station against three persons for alleged forgery and embezzlement of National Rural Employment Programme (NREP) fund worth Rs 85,490 during the year 1984-85. However, in course of investigation, charges could be framed against only one of the three accused __ Raj Kumar Mehta, who was later chargesheeted, legal sources said. Interestingly, ever since the FIR was lodged in 1986, as many as 28 investigating officers (IOs) have changed hands, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14938035", "title": "Naxalites march to expand Red Corridor leaves police in a tizzy", "text": "MANGALORE: Is the cadre of Communist Party of India (Maoist) trying to extend the Red Corridor all the way up to Kodagu from Shimoga, traversing through Udupi and Dakshina Kannada? Yes seems to be the assessment of the Karnataka State Police. The confirmed spotting of the naxalites at Shishila in Puttur taluk, hitherto not known for their presence in a span of 72-hours has only confirmed fears of the police of naxalites trying to extend their area of influence.When naxalites came to Shishila on Tuesday, they went away after assuring the locals that they meant no harm to them and that the locals need not fear their presence in the area. The naxalites even asked the villagers not to inform the police about them having forayed in to the region. However, late on Friday, the naxalites were again spotted in the area. This time they entered a household and forcibly took away cereals and food grains from the residents.Police who got wind of their latest spotting and the incident of naxalites taking away food grains intensified their combing operations in the region. Describing the chase of naxalites as a game of cat and mouse, police sources said they have got fair idea about whom they were dealing with based on what people of the region where the naxalites have been spotted, told them. \"We are expecting something concrete in terms of resolute action against them,\" the sources pointed.But what has baffled the police is the speed at which the naxalites are spreading their area of influence. It was known all along that they wanted to establish a corridor towards Kodagu and the forest tracts from Shimoga provided them the ideal cover, the sources pointed. This is also flying squarely in the face of repeated assertions by the police top brass that there are a handful of naxalites operating in the Malnad region and Western Ghat region of the state.The recent busting of what police describe as a major arms dump at Kolli in Belthangady taluk, 12 villages of which have been declared naxal affected hitherto gave an impression that naxalites were focusing on winning over the Malekudiya tribals in the taluk. The tribals are vociferous in their protest at attempts to relocate them from the forests in lieu of financial compensation. Now, police are forced to spread their manpower to cover areas in Puttur taluk as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14918799", "title": "'Kids older than 14 generally flee of own accord'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three recent cases of 'missing' kids returning - including those of Sagar Patel and Chirag Parmar - emphasized the fact that most kids who are reported missing have actually left home on their own and return on their own. State police claim that in 90 per cent of cases where children above the age of 14 years are involved, chances are high that they have left voluntarily and haven't been abducted.State CID (Crime) has more than 2,000 children to track. In seven drives conducted this year, the agency managed to 'find' nearly 700 children from their homes itself. In these cases, the return was not reported to the police.A senior CID official also told TOI that most children reported returned or found had gone back of their own volition. \"We do not want to shrug off our responsibility but are stating that police bear the blame for not tracking the missing children. Our focus is more on smaller children below the age of 10 years who don't know where they are going or what lies ahead. In many cases of missing children, they are well past 16 years of age, want a whiff of freedom and see the world. When girls are involved it is mostly love affairs that are reported as a missing person case or abduction,\" said a senior official.It is however also a fact that in most missing kids' cases, it is the kids who have come back or parents of the kids who have maintained the contact. In most of the cases, the parents are left to fend for themselves, allege activists working in the field. \"There is some change in police approach but it will take a lot of time to understand it as an important issue,\" said the activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14942459", "title": "Stata Bank of India to open 56 'ultra small branches'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The northeastern circle of the State Bank of India announced the opening of 56 \"ultra small branches\" across five districts of Assam and one district in Manipur within the circle in June/July this year.SBI has also planned to complete 100 \"ultra small branches\" within July 31, and to convert all customers service points of State Bank of India into USB in a phased manner in the current financial year.Ultra small branch is a new concept where a business correspondent or Customer Service Points (BC/CSP) operate with their devices like a Laptop with accessing Internet Based Site or through a mobile software along with photograph &amp; fingerprint bio-metric devices and others to open an account of a customer.With this new system in place, an official of SBI Link Branch can visit these BC/CSP outlets once in a week at a designated day &amp; time and process the accounts that have been opened so far and show the account balance, statement of account of the customer, create awareness regarding the bank's different services &amp; products both for deposits as well as advances, source loan proposals, recovery of loans and also about the insurance products of SBI Life.The aim is to include the vast section of society within the banking services fold with at least one savings deposit a/c, credit linkage, remittance facility and insurance products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14917150", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation identifies five stretches of land for Starbus revamp", "text": "NAGPUR: Realizing the importance of infrastructure to run 470 buses after five long years, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has identified five stretches of land in the city and decided to go all out to get their possession to revamp the collapsing city bus service.To save the city bus service, the Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Limited (IL&FS;) which holds 90% stake in Starbus operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Limited (VNIL), has roped in Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC), an expertise in technical consultancy for urban transport for improving the condition of buses and to bring as much as possible buses in operation. Within a short period of time, UMTC increased the fleet of Starbuses on the roads from 170 to 280.Now, the NMC has come up with a plan to allot five more stretches of land to VNIL for developing a bus stand, a depot for maintenance and a parking yard. Expressing displeasure over the officials' failure to obtain land within the city limits, officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao told TOI that there would be no more delay in the process of obtaining land. \"MSRTC made it clear about not handing over Mor Bhavan completely for Starbuses. The plan is to acquire 1.425 hectares of land reserved for city bus stand and in possession of PDKV behind Mor Bhavan. It will be an ideal place for a bus stand. A letter has been sent to the state government and PDKV, Akola to permit advance possession of land. Besides, letters have been sent to the government and NIT requesting them to allot two pieces of land at Ganeshpeth, one at Small Factory area, Wardhaman Nagar and another behind the Medical College. Two pieces of land at Ganeshpeth are allotted to MSRTC and are lying idle,\" he said.Rao said that the IL&FS; is ready to develop the land for establishing infrastructure for Starbuses. \"Bus service can be improved only if bus stand, workshop and parking space are available,\" he said.NMC had allotted three stretches of land few years ago to VNIL for developing infrastructure near Yeshwant Stadium, Zero Mile Square and Great Nag Road. VNIL did nothing to develop the infrastructure and was using the land near Yeshwant stadium for parking its non-functional buses and tyre repair works, the land near Zero Mile Square for washing and replacing of broken glasses and the land at Great Nag Road for maintenance of engines. All works were being done even till today without any proper system. However, the VNIL always raised the issue that the three stretches of land are insufficient and that it needs more land.The process of obtaining and developing the lands without any delay is the need of the hour as the parking of buses on Variety Square-Maharajbagh Road and Jhansi Rani Square-University Library Road has been started again since last month.Going with the past experience, the improvement of services may turn out to be a tough task. However, the IL&FS; for the first time has started to pay interest in the operation part and declared to invest for improvement of services. Besides, the Central government is taking the issue very seriously and started enquiry followed by passing strictures on the State and NMC following regular complaints from MP Vilas Muttemwar. These two latest developments may be seen as a ray of hope for improvement of the city bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "14920636", "title": "Sibal's announcement of Central University at Motihari hailed", "text": "MOTIHARI: Members of the struggle committee for the establishment of Central University at Motihari on Friday evening celebrated the announcement of Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal regarding establishment of a Central University at Motihari. Hundreds of youths apart from members of the committee assembled at Gandhi Chowk in the heart of Motihari and expressed their happiness by bursting crackers, distributing sweets among people and smearing 'gulal' on each other soon after Sibal made the announcement in New Delhi.Secretary of the Central University Struggle Committee Rai Sundardeo Sharma said the dream of a Central University at Motihari had come true and the credit for this goes to people of East Champaran district, chief minister CM Nitish Kumar and Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal. Students will not go out of the state to pursue higher studies with the establishment of the Central University, he added.It may be recalled that the struggle committee members had also staged dharna at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, to press for their demand. Veteran CPM leader and former MLA Ramashray Singh, said the Central University will prove to be a boon for this backward region. Singh is associated with the struggle committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "14925065", "title": "China urged to end repressive policies in Tibet", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Condemning the series of self-immolations by the Tibetans inside Tibet, the exile Tibetan leadership warns China that the ongoing wave of self-immolations inside Tibet will not end unless Beijing ends its repressive policies inside Tibet and address the genuine grievances of the Tibetan people.This was stated by the acting Tibetan prime minister in exile late evening on Friday in mass prayer session, organized to mourn the demise of the Tsewang Dorjee, a 22-year-old nomad, who set himself afire on July 7 in the main market of Damshung, about 160 km from capital Lhasa, in an apparent protest against China's continued occupation of Tibet.The prayer service, organized by the department of religion and culture, the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) was led by H E Kirti Rinpoche. members of the Tibetan administration along with hundreds of Tibetans and foreigners attended the mass service at the Tsug-la Khang, the main Buddhist temple.\"Leaders in Beijing must understand that self-immolations will not stop unless China ends its repressive policies inside Tibet,\" said acting prime minister Dr Tsering Wangchuk.The CTA earlier said, Tsewang Dorjee passed away after 90% burn, he shouted slogans for the long life of His Holiness the Dalai Lama before Chinese security forces put out the flame and bundled him away.\"We mourn for the loss of lives of Tsewang Dorjee and Dhargey, 25, who set himself on fire in a twin self-immolation protest in Lhasa on May 27,\" said minister.\"We pray for the departed souls and pay our condolences to their family members,\" he added.The Tibetan parliament-in-exile, following Tsewang Dorjee's self-immolation protest, said, the entire Damshung region is reeling under heavy security and people who witnessed the self-immolation protest have been arrested.\"The Chinese authorities in the region have arrested all the people who witnessed Tsewang Dorjee's self-immolation protest and have passed strict orders barring anyone from speaking about the protest,\" the Tibetan parliament said.Since 2009, 43 Tibetans set themselves afire demanding freedom in Tibet and return of the spiritual leader the Dalai Lama from exile.Meanwhile, the CTA in a statement issued here on Saturday has said US has called upon China to hold talks on Tibet.\"The US secretary of state Hillary Clinton has called on the Chinese government to hold a \"serious dialogue\" on the issue of Tibet during her meeting with Chinese foreign minister Yang Jiechi at the ASEAN Summit in Cambodia ,\" said the CTA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14921505", "title": "Public information officer fined Rs 25,000 for delay, improper reply to RTI query", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coming down heavily on the Coimbatore Corporation, the State Information Commission has levied a penalty of Rs 25,000 on a Public Information Officer of assistant commissioner rank, in connection with the delay and inconsistency in a reply furnished to an RTI query filed by a city resident. The assistant commissioner of the corporation's east zone has also been asked to furnish the details sought in the application within 30 days.The officer will also have to file a compliance report to the order by appearing in person before the Information Commission in Chennai. The officer has also been reprimanded for not turning up for the enquiry and arriving extremely late almost when the sitting got over on Friday noon.\"The corporation officials seem to be not serious about the RTI Act and its implications. I had to wait for about eight months for them to respond to my application and that too they tried to give inaccurate information,\" said the RTI applicant, K Ramasubramanian.Ramasubramanian, a resident of Tatabad near Gandhipuram, had asked for details about a private real estate project on Sowripalayam Road.The details sought in the application include whether the builder was permitted by the corporation to construct a club house inside the building complex, whether the town planning officer had physically inspected the project site and whether any deviations were noticed in the plan and if any deviations were spotted and rectified by the builders.The application with 10 queries was initially filed with the Public Information Officer/ Assistant Commissioner east zone on August 11, 2011 when the previous corporation council was in office. Initially, there was absolutely no response to my query and it was just kept idle at the corporation office,\" Ramasubramanian added.An appeal was filed on November 10, 2011, before the deputy commissioner of Coimbatore Corporation who is the appellate authority under the RTI Act but this too failed to evoke any response from the civic body.A second appeal was filed before the State Information Commission detailing the sequence of these events on January 3, 2012, which was accepted and an order was served on the Coimbatore Corporation on March 14 to take appropriate action on the application and provide the information by April 4.It also categorically stated that the concerned official will be summoned to Chennai.The applicant in his complaint to the state information commissioner also claimed that Coimbatore Corporation provided misleading facts to meet the April 4 deadline set by the State Information Commission.\"In one of the reply letters, it was stated that the matter was pending before a court and hence cannot be provided to the applicant. They also claimed that they have sent me a reply on December 5, 2012 which was never received by me and the corporation also has nothing to prove that I received the letter since there is no signed courier receipt or anything with them,\" Ramasubramanian added.The enquiry conducted by State Information Commissioner T Srinivasan took all these observations into consideration and imposed the penalty on the civic body officials. They have also been warned to ensure that they comply with the RTI Act and furnish accurate information within the 30-day period for relevant queries filed by applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14920389", "title": "Still early to declare drought", "text": "BANGALORE: The shortfall in rain over Karnataka is worrying not just for farmers, but also administrators, as it could send the economy into a tailspin. There is also the fear of a water famine.India receives most of its rainfall - 73% - from the southwest, or summer, monsoon (June to September). As it is still mid-July, it is viewed as an early-season drought.The water level has come down drastically in the hydel reservoirs -- Linganamakki, Varaahi and Supa - and the situation in both Cauvery and Krishna basin reservoirs is worrisome. Of the total 3,524 minor irrigation tanks, 2,544 haven't received a drop of rain. It means 72% of the tanks are dry. Only 1% have more than 50% storage capacity.The agriculture and horticulture departments are also preparing a contingency crop plan. If rain continues to play hide-and-seek, they may advise farmers to opt for alternate crops. \"If we don't receive sufficient rain this month, it will severely damage agriculture production,'' says Dr MB Raje Gowda, professor of agro-meteorology, University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore.When rain fails them, farmers look to the state government for help, maybe for a drought lifeline. But mid-July is too early to declare a drought. The Union government's manual says drought could be declared by the end of, or after, September. Drought can be declared early only with a strong justification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14920994", "title": "Newcomers are dynamites: Tusshar", "text": "PATNA: They are dynamites, said cool Tusshar Kapoor about the new heroines on silver screen, who, he said, are more professional and conscious about their looks and acting.The Adi of 'Kya Super Kool Hain Hum' was in town on Saturday along with Sid ( Ritesh Deshmukh ) to promote their new sex comedy to be released on July 27.Sharing his experience of working with Neha Sharma and Sarah Jane Dias, Ritesh said, \"It was fun working with them as both were very confident before camera.\"Talking about the film's release date, which was earlier August 3, Tusshar told TOI, \"The release of the movie has been preponed since Ekta wanted it to be released on July 27 as 'Once upon a time in Mumbai' was released the same day last year.\"About the sex comedy thriller in which he plays the role of an aspiring actor who ends up featuring in tacky teleshopping network commercials to make both ends meet, Tusshar said, \"Teenagers can watch this film. It has been designed for teenagers and young adults in mind. Earlier, the director had tried to tone down the movie a bit but when we narrated the script to some other people they requested us to make it naughtier and we kept the original version.\"The sexual innuendos and jokes in the film are trendy, said Tusshar. \"The genre is cool and trendy. Indian mentality has changed now. We watch English movies with family without any hesitation. This movie is for all despite the fact that it has been given 'A' certificate,\" he said.Ritesh was wearing the tattoo of 'Mahalaxmi mantra' and 'Born Indian' on his arms for his role of a struggling DJ who ends up getting offers only to play at rain dance functions and oldies' birthday parties. \"I do not listen to English songs as I don't understand them much. So this role of a DJ was quite tough for me. With these tattoos I tried to make it more real,\" the cool dude admitted in a cooler tone.Since Golmaal, Tusshar has been typecast as a comedy actor. \"But I enjoy doing other roles, too,\" says the actor, adding, \"My role in Golmaal was the toughest one I have done till date.\" Talking about his next movie, he said, \"I am doing another serious role in 'Shootout at Vadala'.\"Though this was Ritesh's maiden visit to Patna, he claims to have close ties with the city. \"My first movie 'Tujhe Meri Kasam Hai' had its silver jubilee here,\" said Ritesh who recently tied the knot with his co-star Genelia D'Souza. He is now entrusted with the task of finding a suitable girl for his bachelor friend Tusshar. \"Jitu uncle has given me this responsibility,\" he said at a press conference at Cinepolis.Tusshar, who admitted dating someone, refused to reveal her name. \"Nothing has worked out yet with any girl for me and I am still in search of my perfect mate,\" he said.Ritesh, who has already done four sequel of his comedy movies -- 'Dhamaal 2', 'Houseful 2', 'Masti 2', 'Kya Kool Hain Hum' -- said he wanted to do movies of some different genre. Now he would accept comedy only with fresh topics. For the first time he has also given his voice to a song 'Hum toh hain Cappuccino (UP Bihar lootne)' in Kya Super Kool Hain Hum.Both the actors, who will leave Sunday morning, also visited Mahavir Mandir on Saturday evening. Tusshar visits a temple every Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14916914", "title": "Top cop announces separate cell for old cases, plans for youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar on Saturday expressed confidence that a few positive steps in community policing would greatly reduce crime. A mechanism to provide complainants information about progress in their cases and a separate cell to investigate cases older than a year are among a slew of measures taken by the commissioner to improve policing in the capital.Describing policemen as \"social doctors\" whom people approach to alleviate their problems, Kumar also announced programmes targeting youth - providing them with training for competitive exams and vocational training and a regular mass contact programme.\"People see the policeman as a social doctor. Whenever they have a problem, whether it is terror or a neighbour troubling them, they see police as a solution. We have to rise to the expectations of the common man,\" Kumar told newly-inducted police officers at Jharoda Kalan in southwest Delhi on Saturday.Talking about the new initiatives of the force, Kumar said complainants have the right to know about the progress of their cases. \"Now we have instructed the investigating officers to keep in touch with the complainants and inform them about the progress in investigations. Common people have a right to know about these things,\" he said.He also said an Old Cases Cell is being set up in all the 11 police districts under the Crime Branch to investigate cases which are more than one year old. \"We tend to forget about cases which are more than one year old. There is no monitoring. There is very little done in old cases. Now this new cell will look into these old cases,\" he said.It is not right to call these initiatives a \"gimmick\", he said, adding the programme 'Yuva' will help in reaching out to people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14936549", "title": "Major jam throws traffic out of gear", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Commuters were caught in a major jam on Kanpur-Allahabad highway on Saturday.The poor presence of traffic policemen and home guards on the busy Allahabad-Kanpur highway has added to commuters' problems. Some irritated commuters were seen having arguments with home guards.As the laying of sewage line is underway between Mundera and Sulemsari, traffic moves on one side. This has led to frequent jams on the route. Apart from rush of commuters, heavy defence vehicles also pass through the same road. This also affects the traffic movement.Alok Kumar, a resident of Sulemsrai, said, \"Deployment of inadequate traffic police personnel has been compounding the woes of the commuters as there was none to hear their grievances.\"Another resident, Shashikant Singh said \" traffic cops and home-guards were hardly seen at crossing located between Mundera and Sulemsari despite the fact more traffic cops should be deployed to deal the situation on Allahabad-Kanpur route.Traffic Inspector said due to laying of sewage line and road repair works, the commuting was quite restricted and commuters were facing hardship. Secondly, the poor conditions of roads were also responsible for slow traffic on busy streets. Transport Nagar resident BK Singh said, \"It is impossible to move on the roads during the rainy season in the wake of slippery conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14915700", "title": "Raja Bell rings in basketball truths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian basketball struggles to make a mark on the world stage and it's tough for an Indian to even know the minute differences between an NBA match and an international tie. For starters, how about the fact that the basketballs used are different?Raja Bell , who plays for Utah Jazz in the NBA and has also been part of the US national team, was in the Capital on Saturday to attend the Jr. NBA/Jr. WNBA National Skills Challenge finals. He shared some of his knowledge of top-flight basketball too when asked how difficult it was to perform in an event like the Olympics.\"Well, the balls used in international matches are different to the ones used in the NBA. The International Basketball Federation (FIBA) balls are a little stickier and lighter. They tend to kind of float out of the hand. But the bounce more or less remains the same. When I'm part of the US team, I start training with the FIBA balls after the NBA season is over,\" Bell told TOI, adding that international matches are more physical. \"FIBA allows the players to be more physical on court while the NBA has stringent rules to stop players obstructing their opponents,\" Bell said.Bell, however, had words of inspiration for India's youngsters: the Nigerian team's dream rise which has seen them qualify for the Olympics despite not being financially strong. \"Indians are still new to this game. You don't have to be ultra-big to do well. If Nigeria can, then some day India can also do well. But for now, India's aim should be to do well in regional tournaments in the subcontinent and let the pool of players increase. Then, maybe try to get into the Olympics,\" said Bell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14950915", "title": "K V Anand on the lookout for twins", "text": "Last week, K V Anand and Suriya revealed the biggest secret about their Maattrraan at a press meet \u2014 that Suriya plays conjoined twins in the film!Now, K V Anand has announced that the team is on the lookout for young twins. \"We have some montages of younger Suriya in Maattrraan. U can help us by suggesting ur friends or relatives twins, preferably in &amp; around Chennai (sic),\" tweeted the director on his micro-blogging page.Giving out the requirements for the roles, the director added, \"Colour and facial features should match Suriya. Email the photos to kvacrew@gmail.com. We have shoot on 19th-24th July (sic).\"Now, who will be the lucky duo? Let's wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14915342", "title": "Security tightened at Viyyur jail with CCTV cameras", "text": "THRISSUR: In order to keep an eye on the activities of prisoners, the authorities will install CCTV cameras at Viyyur central prison.The Kerala State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (KELTRON) is entrusted with the task of installing cameras on the prison compound.They have installed 49 cameras at various places - entrance to the prison, 12 dormitories, four barracks, interview hall, corridor of cells, tower and blocks. The inauguration of cameras will be held by the end of this month or the first week of August.Jailor M Manoharan said, \"Round-the-clock monitoring will be carried out by five officials sitting at the control room. Five television sets have been installed for this purpose. If anything unusual is caught on camera, authorities will soon report it to the official concerned. Once the system is operational, it can ensure total discipline in the jail.\"\"Cameras cannot be installed inside the cells, which were constructed during British era and are very small. If any prisoner attempts to destruct the cameras installed, he will have to face consequences and pay a certain amount as fine to the government,\" Manoharan said.\"The recorded videos will be kept at Viyyur jail and higher officials will examine them,\" he said. At present, there are 740 prisoners, but the capacity of the jail is only 540. The number of prisoners has increased recently following the shifting of prisoners from Poojappura and Kannur prisons to Viyyur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14917332", "title": "Staff locks up inspection team inside Asha Kiran", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of lawyers who landed at the Delhi government's overcrowded Asha Kiran Home at 7.30am on Saturday for a surprise visit was itself in for a surprise. Half way into the inspection approved by the Delhi high court, the staff on duty at the home for mentally challenged allegedly refused to let the lawyers out, insisting that they had orders that the team must wait for senior officials in charge of the home.The additional DCP (Outer district), Mohammed Rizvi, confirmed that an FIR had been lodged for illegal confinement.Superintendent Sunita Verma, who reached the home in Rohini only by 10am, told TOI that she did tell the staff to ask the \"people who claimed to have come for inspection to wait till she comes\".On why the gate was locked to prevent the lawyers from leaving, Verma claimed there was a communication gap. Asha Kiran administrator T C Nakh also said this was a case of communication failure and there was no intention to hamper the inspection.According to Anant Kumar Asthana, a member of the lawyers' team, \"On entering the premises, we told them that we were here for a surprise inspection and no one stopped us. We went around the premises checking the facilities and took pictures in the wards. All through, we tried to tell the junior staff on duty that we wanted to meet senior officials. However, no one came till we were there for about an hour.\"Asthana pointed that the team, also comprising Pankaj Sinha and Seema Baquer, then decided to step out for breakfast and planned to return to finish the inspection and meet the officials and the superintendent. \"But the guard refused to let us go. We were told that we could not leave till the senior officials came. By then some other staffers, too, came and objected to our taking the photographs and asked us to delete these. When we tried to go out, the guard tried to stop us but I opened the gate and stepped out. But the guard managed to lock the gate and my colleagues were stranded inside,\" Asthana said. He informed police which came to the rescue of the lawyers.\"Later in the day, an FIR was registered at the Vijay Vihar Police station under Section 342 for illegal confinement,\" Asthana said. Mohammed Rizvi, additional DCP outer district confirmed that an FIR has been lodged against the staffer who blocked the lawyers exit.The secretary of the high court bar, Mohit Mathur, said, \"We were informed by the lawyers that they had been detained. The bar accordingly brought this to the attention of the acting Chief Justice. Both the HCBA and the HC registrar then told police that HC had indeed authorized the three to visit and inspect the Homes.\"Following a spate of deaths in 2009, Reena Banerjee, a child specialist, and R S Bansal, a journalist, had moved the high court seeking a probe into the deaths. In May, the Delhi high court had authorized their lawyers to visit the home and submit a report on its condition.A bench headed by the Chief Justice had agreed to the suggestion given by the three lawyers Anant Asthana, Pankaj Sinha and Seema Baquer that they be allowed to visit to the Home to verify if prevailing conditions are conducive for inmates housed there. HC had also asked the three lawyers to meet lawyers for state authorities to sort out issues raised in the petition.They argued the oft trotted out explanation that the deaths happened due to congestion/overcrowding, is just an excuse to hide large-scale corruption and nepotism in the Asha Kiran Homes that directly contribute to rising fatalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14916940", "title": "Doctor caught stealing power", "text": "NAGPUR: Power franchisee Spanco has detected Rs3.40 lakh power theft at the residence of a doctor, who lives in Thaware Nagar, behind Dr Ambedkar Hospital, Kamptee Road. Dr Jaideo Bhawatkar had tampered his two meters.The doctor had two meters, which itself was illegal. Apparently, fearing that he would be caught pilfering power, he had burned the two meters with a candle. The vigilance team has recorded his statement on video camera. Spanco has booked the doctor under Sections 135 and 138 of Electricity Act and disconnected his supply.An official said that the consumer had tampered the two meters. Spanco had received a complaint that he was pilfering power. Apparently, the doctor got a wind of this and burned the two meters with the help of a candle. However, this did not prevent Spanco vigilance squad from establishing that he had tampered his meter. The squad assessed power theft of around Rs2.10 lakh in the first meter and Rs1.30 lakh in the second one.Spanco had appealed to its consumers to provide information about power theft. It does not reveal the name of the informer. This initiative is getting good response from honest consumers, according to officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14916476", "title": "Mini-bus services to hilly regions in the red", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation is reeling under heavy loss from its mini-bus services that was introduced three years ago to cater to the residents of hilly regions in the district. Though one of the reasons for the losses is attributed to frequent rescheduling of the buses due to its shortage, the losses incurred so far has forced the corporation to stay away from launching more such services.Officials say all the 15 mini-bus services operating from three depots - Kozhikode, Thiruvambady and Thamarassery - in the district are loss-making. According to V J Saju, zonal officer of KSRTC, the average collection per day of a min-bus is Rs 6,000 whereas the operating cost is Rs 9,000. \"Though there is a huge dip in the collection, the existing ones will not be withdrawn as most people from hilly areas especially of Thiruvambady and Mukkam depend on these short-wheel base buses,\" he said.One of the main reasons for the losses is the fact that though there is no difference in operating cost of a mini-bus and a regular bus, the revenue from a mini-bus is almost half of that of ordinary buses. Another reason is loss incurred due to frequent rescheduling and cancellation of services from the depots.Indukumar, secretary of city unit of Kerala State Road Transport Employees Association, said the shortage of mini-buses is forcing them to reschedule services. He said the mini-bus service on the city-Kulakkuth route was shifted to City-Payimbra route due to shortage of buses. \"The high price of spare parts also affects the operating cost,\" he said.Officials allege that people's representative force the corporation to start services to interior regions of the district even if it is not economically viable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14936363", "title": "Students made to wait endlessly for scholarship", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 50,000 students who had applied for scholarships under the government-run scheme last year are yet to get the benefit. The students have been making rounds of the government offices but in vain.Last year in Allahabad, 93,000 students of backward classes had applied for the government scholarship disbursed through the social welfare department. Out of these, around 40,000 students were from class 1 to 10, who got their scholarships by February 2012. But, the number of students of class 11 to those pursuing professional courses who had applied for the scholarship numbered around 53,000. Out of these, just around 23,000 got their dues by March 2012 while around 30,000 are still awaiting the promised financial aid. Out of these, 20,000 students have also not received the fee reimbursement that they are entitled to get.Another 20,000 SC and general category students have also not received their fee reimbursement till date.Most of these 50,000 students who have not got the scholarships and the fee reimbursement fear that that they could well end up having to forfeit their aid like 20,000 students who failed to get the scholarships a year before them.Students hailing from financially weak background are provided scholarships and fee reimbursement for education. Under the Pre-Metric scheme applicable for Class 9 and 10, OBC/SC/ST students having a family income less than 30,000 per annum and general category students having annual family income less than Rs 19,884 in rural areas and Rs 25,546 in urban areas are eligible for aid under the scheme.Under the post-Metric scheme, OBC, ST, minority and general category students having annual family income of Rs 1 lakh or below and SC students having annual family income of Rs 2 lakh or below are eligible to get the scholarship which is different for each range of class. Similar, set structure exists for students pursuing higher education and professional courses and for which the state government maintains a dedicated website: http://scholarship.up.nic.in.District backward class welfare officer Nitika Dubey said it was difficult to predict the date when the funds for the pending scholarships would be disbursed. She said the department was gearing up to get scholarship forms filled by the new students wishing to avail the benefit under the scheme. \"During this time, funds for the students who have not received the scholarships can also get released,\" she added.District social welfare officer Ghasiram Prajapati said demand of Rs 20 crore was submitted for fee reimbursement of SC students but only Rs 98 lakh has been received. \"We still need Rs 19.02 crore,\" he added. Prajapati said a proposal of Rs 21 crore was submitted to the government for fee reimbursement of general category students but only Rs 39 lakh has been received till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14921045", "title": "Fire at Nacharam timber depot", "text": "HYDERABAD: A timber depot in Nacharam was gutted in a major fire that broke out in the early hours of Saturday. The fire damaged the two-storied building and destroyed property worth lakhs of rupees stored on the premises. No casualties or injuries were reported.The fire at Mahalakshmi Industries on Mallpur Road was reported to the control room at around 4.30am. Three fire tenders from Malkajgiri, Moula Ali and Secunderabad along with a snorkel from Secunderabad were immediately rushed to the spot to control the situation. It took the firemen over an hour to douse the flames. \"It would have been tragic had the accident took place during the day. As it was early morning, there were not many people in the building. A few labourers were working on the first floor but they managed to escape by climbing down the water pipe,\" said M Purushottam, station fire officer (SFO) of Malkajgiri.While officials are still investigating the actual cause of the fire, preliminary findings indicate short-circuit.The total worth of property lost is also being looked into. \"It is a huge depot and had a lot of wooden fittings from doors, windows and other furniture. We will have to check with the owners to ascertain the actual valuation,\" the SFO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14940771", "title": "Moderate earthquake jolts Nagaland", "text": "KOHIMA: A moderate earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter Scale shook parts of Nagaland in the early hours on Sunday.There was no immediate report of any loss of life or property due to it.Tremors were felt at 1.25am this morning with its epicentre located in Kohima district of Nagaland, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said, adding that the quake originated 35 km below the surface.The tremors followed two moderate intensity quakes that shook parts of northeastern states, including Nagaland, on July 1.While a tremor of 4.8 magnitude took place at 1.13am in Arunachal Pradesh , the second one measuring 5.8 on the Richter Scale occurred at 9.43am, with its epicentre located in the Phek region of Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14915085", "title": "Let's farm along with nature, not against it", "text": "There are many reasons to feel proud to be an Indian; the Western Ghats should definitely be one of those reasons, especially for those who love nature. Along the west coast of India lies one of the world's great tropical forests and biodiversity hotspots. Kalidasa had likened these ranges to a comely young maiden, her head near Kanyakumari and feet near river Tapti.However, the Western Ghats, the main water resource and backbone of economy for more than 25 crore people in Gujarat, Goa, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala, is now threatened with over-exploitation of its resources by unsustainable development projects.The recently released Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) report, a comprehensive, well-balanced, informative document, suggests various measures for ensuring sustainable livelihood in and ecological security of the Ghats.Its message is clear: develop sustainably and conserve thoughtfully. The report highlights the need for development-conservation practices to be in the local context and the need to involve local communities, down to the gram sabha levels.Since 75% of the Ghats is unprotected and largely used for agriculture, the farming practices in the region have a huge bearing on the sustenance of its rich biodiversity. Thus the recommendation by WGEEP to promote ecologically sustainable farming there has great significance. The two most-significant recommendations of the panel in terms of biodiversity conservation and food security are: replacing the use of agrochemicals with organic/ecological farming and banning genetically modified (GM) crops across the Western Ghats.Agricultural biodiversity is the foundation for all food production and our food security. GM crops which have come up in the recent past are the greatest singular threat for biodiversity in general and centers of diversity in particular. It throws up a new challenge to biodiversity conservation - genetic contamination which is irreversible and irretrievable. A broad genetic base is vital for healthy agriculture and overcoming new epidemics of pests and diseases and for adapting to climate change. Such a base is immensely reduced in the case of GM crops as they encourage monoculture.While there are irreversible risks from commercialized varieties of GM crops, like Bt cotton in India and several other crops the world over, we need to be equally wary of field trials that involve experimental GM crops which go through little or no risk assessment.Today, 72 crops in India are at different stages of GM research and, the regulatory authority, the Genetic Engineering Approval Committee (GEAC), has approved open-air field trials for 14 crops for rabi 2011-12 and kharif 2012, to be conducted across 16 states, totalling over a 100 trials across the country. Fortunately, states do have an option of not allowing these field trials. So far, none of the states in the Western Ghats have given an NOC (no-objection certificate), apart from Gujarat which has given NOC for GM corn and GM cotton. However, in order to completely protect the already threatened biodiversity of the Western Ghats, the states must go a step further and declare themselves GM-free as done by Kerala.Scientist M S Swaminathan in his report \"the MS Swaminathan Task Force Report on agricultural biotechnology\" highlights that areas of biodiversity like the Western Ghats should be protected from GM crops. Unfortunately, the government has turned a blind eye to these recommendations and decided to introduce GM crops in India forcefully, by pushing through the Biotechnology Regulatory Authority of India (BRAI) Bill, which proposes a single window clearance system manned mainly by biotechnologists to approve of GM crops.The WGEEP report is spot-on in its recommendations for adopting a precautionary approach and strongly advising against the release of GM crops in the entire Western Ghats. The governments need to accept the recommendations of the WGEEP report and re-think their decision on introducing the BRAI Bill which is disastrous for our health, biodiversity, farming and environment. Most importantly, it is high time that our policy makers accept the bare fact that if food security, safety and farming have to sustain in our country, we have to farm along with nature and not against it.The writer is a member of the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14944093", "title": "Doctor couple granted bail in child-lifting case", "text": "KANPUR: The Allahabad high court had granted bail to a doctor couple caught at Upper India Sugar Exchange Women's hospital on March 11.The couple identified as Dr Arvind and his wife Dr Ranjana Savita, used to run their clinic in Naubasta. They were caught by the patients and their attendants in the general ward, when the two were trying to escape with the newly born child of Anita, a resident of Banda district.The high court had granted them bail. They were ordered to furnish two sureties of Rs 60,000 each and a personal bond of the same amount. The pairokars of the couple furnished the sureties before the court of chief metropolitan magistrate on Friday. The CMM ordered verification of the sureties.Vendor jailed for selling gutkha in court: Special metropolitan magistrate J P Agarwal order to take a petty vendor identified as Chhotu under court custody and sent him to jail for selling gutkha in the court.The incident took place in new building of the court where Chhotu was selling tobacco and tobacco products to litigants and undertrials. Though there is a prohibition of selling tobacco and tobacco products inside the court building. Several stickers and hand bills have been pasted on the walls.The court recorded the statement of Chhotu, who admitted that this was his second offence. The magistrate ordered him to pay a fine of Rs 200 and directed that if he fails to pay the fine then he had to serve a term of seven days simple imprisonment. Chotu failed to pay the fine and court sent him to the jail.Tipsy cop assaults vegetable vendor: Hundreds of people gheraoed Shiv Godavari police outpost in Chakeri after a constable allegedly manhandled a vegetable vendor and snatched cash from him on Saturday. The cop was in uniform. He was under the influence of liquor.The drama last for more than an hour. The residents of the area then alerted the police control room, which apprised Chakeri police. Seeing the other policemen, the drunk cop identified as Dayaram Bhaskar tried to flee from the spot. People said that Bhaskar was heavily drunk and not in a condition to run away.The angry residents assembled in front of the Shiv Godavari outpost and raised anti-police slogans. Senior police officials, including circle officer J N Singh reached the spot and assured the mob of prompt action. Police later took Bhaskar into custody and took him for medical check-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-15"}
