{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552305", "title": "All Assam Minorities Students\u2019 Union seeks CM\u2019s resignation", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Minorities Students' Union (Aamsu) criticized chief minister Tarun Gogoi's recent statement that the situation in the state is limping back to normal after the Bodo-Muslim ethnic violence in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas that broke out last month.Addressing mediapersons here on Saturday, Aamsu president Abdur Rahim Ahmed demanded Gogoi's immediate resignation as chief minister following his \"failure\" to control the violent clashes in the lower Assam districts, which are spreading outside the BTC areas.\"After the violence in Gossaigaon, Salakati and Rangiya in the past two days, will the chief minister still say that situation is limping back to normal? Is there no value of the lives of the minority people,\" Ahmed questioned.He claimed that the incidents of attacks on the minority community in the BTC areas on the eve of Eid are \"prolonging the pain.\" The Aamsu president condemned the killing of a minority youth in Salakati under BTC on Friday.He termed the ongoing clashes as barbaric acts of a section of the politicians and armed miscreants. \"The innocent Bodos and Muslims have no role in killing people and burning houses,\" Ahmed said.He came down heavily on BJP leader Sarbananda Sonowal and Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharyya for allegedly trying to divide the people of the state. Ahmed said that the statements of Bodo women's activist Anjali Daimary, senior BJP leader LK Advani and AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal also added fuel to fire.Firing salvo at BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary, Ahmed said, \"Mohilary aspires to make the Bodo populace comprise 50% of the total population in the BTC areas so that he can claim a separate state for the Bodos. Koch Rajbongshis, Adivasis and minority communities have been targeted in the past in BTC areas to create fear psychosis among the non-Bodos living there,\" he said.Ahmed added that Aamsu is ready to work along with Aasu to give sense of security to the people of the northeast residing outside the state if the latter student body agrees. Thousands of people from the northeast are fleeing south and western India after rumours of impending attacks on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552034", "title": "Two ailing persons commit sucide", "text": "INDORE: In the last 24 hours, two ailing persons reportedly committed suicide by hanging themselves in the city.A 35-year-old man reportedly hanged himself in Sindhi Colony and left a suicide note in which he mentioned that he was unable to bear the pain anymore and hence ending his life. He was suffering from cancer.The deceased was identified as Lalchand Kukreja, son of Tolamal Kukreja.In another incident, one Pintu Kori, 21, son of Ramesh Kori and resident of Mahavat Nagar reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself in his house on Friday late evening. At the time of the incident, no else was present in his house. When the family members returned, they noticed Pintu hanging from ceiling. He was rushed to district hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. He was suffering from tuberculosis. The bodies were sent to district hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15555511", "title": "Record high airfare on Dubai-Kochi direct route", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India pilots strike may be long over, but the airline has continued to operate a curtailed flight schedule, which in turn, has hit passengers who fly down to India from the Middle East for the festive season, Onam this time.The reduction in number of seats on this route has taken airfares, especially those for direct flights between Dubai and Kochi, to an incredible high.On Sunday, the lowest fare on offer for travel next week from Dubai and for return in September on the Dubai-Kochi-Dubai direct route begis at Rs 1.9 lakh.The fare for a ticket to Emirates is being offered by some travel portals. Over a month ago, Emirates had sold out all the seats for flights scheduled in the coming weeks in this route. But seats to Emirates flights are available on some travel portals.But for passengers willing to do transit stops, the cheapest return fare was in the range of Rs 42,000, and it was for Jet Airways. For this fare, a passenger flies Dubai-Delhi-Hyderabad-Kochi, making it a total of 13 hour flight which is more than double the flying time for a direct flight between Dubai and Kochi. The return flight from Kochi to Dubai is a nine hours, with transit halts again at the above two airports.But on the same airline, for Rs 1000 more, one could buy a ticket with one transit halt at Mumbai when flying from Dubai to Kochi (making it a total of 9 hour flight) and two transit stops on the return flight (15 hour flight). Return airfares of Air India flights, with one transit stop on the Dubai-Kochi route, were in the range of Rs 77,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15553043", "title": "Manmohan Singh will intervene in Indu Mills row", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposal for transfer of Prabhadevi-based Indu Mills land got a boost on Saturday. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh assured an all-party delegation of personal intervention to expedite the process. The state government wants to utilize the 12.5-acre land for a memorial of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar .The delegation informed Singh that not much progress has been made following his assurance on the transfer. Singh said he was baffled at the slow pace. \"He said that he was all for setting up of a memorial of the father of the Constitution in Mumbai, and he would discuss the issue with the textile and environment ministries upon his return to Delhi,\" said Congress state president Manikrao Thakre, a part of the delegation.CM briefed Singh on the hurdles. A committee appointed by Singh has been unable to resolve contentious issues, including the extent of compensation to National Textiles Corporation and relaxations required in CRZ norms.CM's plea to fast-track water projectKeen to push the 24x7 water supply plan for Mumbai, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has requested the PM's office to fast-track the ambitious Damanganga-Pinjal river linking project. On completion of the project, Mumbai and surrounding areas will receive an additional 1,200 million litres of daily water supply. Other parts of the state will also benefit from another 1,200ml of water supply. Work for preparation of detailed project report is running behind schedule. Supporting the Mumbai transformation dream, Singh agreed to put in place a mechanism to speed up infrastructure projects. He also agreed to release funds for a women's cancer facility with hydrogen beam therapy in Parel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552298", "title": "Yearning for peace gets stronger", "text": "GUWAHATI: Yearning for peace and harmony is growing stronger everyday as people of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) are increasingly become tired of the ongoing violence which has killed 78 people and displaced at least four lakh since last month.Nonagenarian litterateur Nalinidhar Bhattacharya, who is also the voice of Assamese people, has joined the chorus of condemnation saying that communal violence shouldn't have taken place in the land of 15th century Vaishnavite saint Srimanta Sankardev and 17th century Sufi saint Azan Pir.\"Communal violence has no place in the land of Sankardev and Azan Pir. The poison should be stopped from spreading by any means. The citizens and government should take the initiative to restore peace,\" said Bhattacharya.Bhattacharya was speaking at a meeting organised by Concerned Citizens for Peace and Solidarity (CCPS) here on Saturday. He appealed that everyone should work for creating an inclusive society where people from diverse religions, ethnicity and linguistic groups have space to live in peace.Abdul Mannan, social activist and professor of statistics at Gauhati University, said despite the orgy of violence, the bond between common Bodos and Muslims was still intact. Mannan narrated an incident in which a Muslim team carrying relief materials was helped by Bodo youths to reach a remote village in Chirang district recently.\"This incident suggests that the bond between the two communities is still intact. The sad part is that violence has happened and it is more than a month now. There is a conspiracy working behind fomenting the violence. Now, the biggest challenge is to bring peace in BTC and everyone should work for it,\" Mannan said.A nine-member team comprising peace activists, social scientists and academicians of CCPS visited violence-hit Kokrajhar and Chirang districts recently. The objective was to find out the ground situation and help in facilitating return of normalcy in the areas.Folklorist Anil Boro, who was also part of the CCPS team, said the multi-cultural and multi-lingual fabric of society has to be retained at any cost for permanent peace in BTC. \"We have to safeguard our multi-cultural and multi-lingual fabric if we want a permanent peace,\" said Boro.He added that right now all political parties and organisations should work for peace rather than doing post-mortem of the violence. Social scientist and former director of Omeo Kumar Das Institute of Social Change and Development, Abu Nasar Said Ahmed, said the saddest part was that different groups with vested interests were trying to communalize the entire conflict.\"Vested groups are trying to disrupt harmony,\" said Ahmed. Paresh Malakar, another member of CCPS, said a group has been formed to instill confidence and trust among people for the sake of peace in BTC.Nonagenarian litterateur Nalinidhar Bhattacharya, who is also the voice of the Assamese people, has joined the chorus of condemnation saying that communal violence shouldn't have taken place in the land of Vaishnavite saint Srimanta Sankardev and Sufi saint Azan Pir", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551199", "title": "Pradeep Shukla may not get posting in UP Board of Revenue", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior IAS officer accused in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam, Pradeep Shukla, may not get the posting in the Board of Revenue back. After being pulled up by the Allahabad High Court for not taking action against the officer even after his arrest, the state government has reportedly decided not to allow him join service till the all legalities are completed.Shukla was principal secretary health and family welfare when the scam took place. He was shifted to member (judicial) in the board of revenue in April 2011. Earlier this year, he was arrested by the CBI.However, he got bail last week, as CBI could not file chargesheet in stipulated 90 days. Soon after his release from jail, Shukla submitted an application to allow him resume work. Principal secretary personnel and appointment Rajiv Kumar, when contacted, refused to comment. Sources said that the government is going to tell the court that \"Shukla was deemed as suspended as per relevant provisions (which say that a government officer in police custody for more than 48 hours is deemed to be suspended) soon after his arrest. The suspension is yet to be revoked in which case, he cannot join duty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552528", "title": "Bank unions strike on August 22, 23", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 80,000 bank employees in Madhya Pradesh will join the country-wide strike on August 22 and 23 called by the United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) protesting against the Centre's policy of forcing the nationalised banks towards privatisation.UFBU convenor Sanjeev Mishra told reporters here that the changes in the banking policies were not in the interest of the people at large. He said banking law amendment bill and other reforms, move to shut down rural branches and practice of outsourcing would adversely affect the banking sector.He said officers and employees of all banks in the state would stage demonstrations in front of their respective bank branches on August 21. Banking services would remain paralysed on August 22 and 23 as all the nine federations of bank officers and employees would join the two day strike, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552691", "title": "Time to dust that album", "text": "Want to spot three generations of cricket players from Adyar? V S Sukumar can do that it in a jiffy from two carefully preserved black and white photographs belonging to the Gandhi Nagar Cricket and Sports Club. He is not there in the photos but that doesn't stop him from reeling out the past and present of all the players of the club that was re-opened recently after remaining shut for 28 years.\"They are my seniors and teammates and we have played together over the years,\" says Sukumar, 65, with a quiet sense of pride. The photos will be part of an exhibition on August 25 and 26 that will weave the story of Adyar's social history through images clicked by its residents, as part of the Madras Week celebrations.As more people in India discover that photos are not just about nostalgia but also about recording social history, dusty old albums and negatives are being brought out. Some people seek out experts like 'Poochi' Venkat to restore photos , and sometimes create a full-fledged movie to organise remembrance services. S Ramachandran did just that in memory of his late dancer wife. \"Dance was her life. So I thought the best way to remember Nirmala on her first death anniversary in February was to produce a movie using old photographs and video footage ,\" says Ramachandran.Some family photographs find their way to online repositories like the Indian Memory Project. So far, private collections of 89 people have been curated , says Anusha Yadav, founder and graphic designer based in Bangalore. Each photo is accompanied by a write-up by the contributor. A 1920-photo of Lokanayaki and R R Hariharan of Tirunelveli, sent by their granddaughter Vani Subramanian from New Delhi, talks about how Lokanayaki raised five children between Delhi and Shimla as her husband was with the Indian Railways. \"My favourite part of the photograph is that paati is wearing Mary Jane shoes and white socks with her nine yards saree. I never saw her in shoes in real life,\" writes Subramanian. So in a sense, they are both familiar and strangers as they appear in the picture, she adds.Though nostalgia is the main reason why most people dust off old family photos, Yadav finds more to it. \"I started collecting photographs to bring out a book on weddings ,\" says Yadav, whose archive is completely crowd-sourced . But as she heard more stories, especially the ones related to the Partition, she realised that weddings are just a small part of Indian lives. To many who were caught in the chaos of the Partition , photos became important documents to prove their identities.\"The photos I got were visual proof of what the country was like, how diverse we are,\" she says. Personal and domestic photography can also aid broader cultural studies. \"In most societies, family photographs have considerable cultural significance, both as repositories of memory and as occasions for performances of memory. A study of these processes can be helpful towards understanding how the personal and the social aspects of remembering interact in various cultural settings,\" writes Annette Kuhn, author and visiting professor in the School of Languages, Linguistics and Film at Queen Mary, University of London .They can also be the starting point for inquiry, eventually to embrace broader cultural, social, even historical issues, she writes in the paper, 'Photography And Cultural Memory: A Methodological Exploration' . But to many people, preserving photos remains a trip down memory lane or an exercise in introspection . Venkat, who has also restored many of his photos, says the images help him regain his sense of balance. \"I look at them and take stock of my life. That helps me correct the pace of my life,\" he says.sandhya.soman@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551504", "title": "Truck strike put off", "text": "KOLKATA: After a meeting with transport minister Madan Mitra, the Federation of West Bengal Truck Operators' Associations on Saturday deferred their indefinite strike that was scheduled from August 21 till September 15. The transport department will soon issue a notification to stop the problem of overloading of goods on trucks and containers.\"We will start conducting massive raids after Eid. The police and RTO have been asked to enforce the law,\" Mitra said after the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15558553", "title": "'Go green, think green', says chemistry society of Institute of Science", "text": "NAGPUR: Chemistry and chemicals are mostly associated with pollution. However, the chemistry society of Institute of Science has decided to 'Go Green, Think Green'.As the new team of 'Rasayan 2012' was installed recently by former professor from IIT Mumbai, Maheshwar Sharon, who is now research director of N Shankaran Nair Research Centre for Nanotechnology and Biotechnology, the initiatives they can take on this topic were also discussed.\"The norm of segregating waste before burning it is not practiced in Nagpur. We wish to highlight to the authorities the harm this causes to the environment and people. Also, we would try our level best that such practices are implemented in the city,\" said Rashmi Batra, professor-in-charge of the society.Gautam Wanjari, the president-elect, said that the society would try to spread the message of 'reduce, reuse and recycle', especially in terms of plastic waste.The society will also undertake special efforts to make the college and its nearby places plastic free. The first activity of the society will be a poster competition on August 30 on the theme 'hazards of burning plastic'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553004", "title": "43 ministries ignore PM\u2019s anti-graft measures", "text": "NEW DELHI: Majority of the central ministries, including home, defence, railway, coal, power and civil aviation, have failed to respond to the initiative of the Prime Minister's Office and the ministry of personnel on strengthening their vigilance mechanism as recommended by a group of ministers on corruption.The ministry of personnel had last month sought the ministries to share certain vigilance related details, including status of monitoring cell and pending prosecution sanction to look at the progress of various inquiries by July 31. But only seven out of 50 ministries had met the deadline. The ministries, which met the July-end deadline, include law, environment &amp; forest, consumer affairs, sports &amp; youth affairs and personnel.Worried about the graft tainting the government's image, the ministry of personnel, which directly comes under PM Manmohan Singh , has sent a reminder to all ministries asking them to send required information at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553304", "title": "Central funds to boost tassar production", "text": "RANCHI: The Union ministry of rural development in collaboration with the Central Silk Board has launched a three-year project to improve and add value to families involved in tassar rearing in Jharkhand. The project will also be introduced in six other states \u2014 Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Bihar, Chhatisgarh, West Bengal and Odisha \u2014 under the ministry's flagship project 'Aajeevika - National Rural Livelihood' programme. In Jharkhand, the cost of the project has been pegged at Rs 23. 94 crore with 6,457 beneficiary farmers in the districts of Saraikela, East and West Singbhum,Godda, Pakur, Deoghar and Dumka. Among all the seven states, the cost of the project is the highest in Jharkhand which is the world leader in rearing organic tassar.In a letter to chief minister Arjun Munda on August 14, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said the project proposes interventions for \"improved silkworm rearing, small scale seed production enterprises, promotion of producers' collectives and marketing\" among other things.Notwithstanding the minister's optimism that this initiative is of huge socio-economic significance and is particularly in favour of tribal families and women self help groups (SHGs), it has evoked a strong response from the state's silk and handicraft directorate.Jharkhand Silk Textile and Handicraft Development Corporation Ltd (Jharcraft) director Dhirendra Kumar said he will write to the Central Silk Board to cover new districts and beneficiary farmers under the project.\"Districts like Saraikela, Godda, West Singbhum and Godda have already been covered 100% by us and there are hardly any farmers who have not been covered by the directorate. The effort of the ministry and the board should be to cover more and more rearers of the state and not indulge in duplication,\" he said.Kumar, who has taken organic tassar production in the state to global standards, said that it would have been better if districts like Latehar, Hazaribag, Koderma, Chatra and other unexplored areas were taken up under the project.While Jharcraft has taken up organic farming of tassar in a big way Kumar says that the project should not mess this up with artificial farming.Pradan, an NGO, has been appointed the project agency to work under the supervision of the state rural livelihoods mission, for which a society has already been formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15553218", "title": "\u2018Cantonment Board of Ramgarh norms have stalled Ramgarh\u2019s growth\u2019", "text": "RAMGARH: The coal and garrison town of Ramgarh has failed to attract realtors despite its proximity to the state capital Ranchi. Even though the town has potential for real estate businesses, most have ignored Ramgarh due to Cantonment Board restrictions on construction of multi-storey buildings.The provisions of building by-laws of the Cantonment Board, which is a local civic body under the administrative control of the defence estate department of the ministry of defence, restricts construction of multi-storey buildings on Cantonment Board of Ramgarh (CBR) land.This restriction is specific to Ramgarh and not imposed in neighbouring districts like Jamshedpur, Bokaro or Dhanbad.CBR chief executive officer (CEO) Om Prakash Singh said construction plans with more than two-story buildings were not being approved by the Borad, but a proposal to increase the height of buildings both residential and commercial is under consideration of the defence estate department's central command office in Lucknow. \"There are some restrictions on buildings in CBR command areas as the height of building has been fixed and no multi-story building are allowed,\" Singh said.Ramgarh is one of the largest of the 62 garrison towns in India, said a CBR official on Saturday, adding that the local civic bodies in garrison towns were under administrative control of ministry of defence.Binod Nemani, President RIADA Industries Association, Ramgarh, said that the town had real potential for real estate business because of its location in the coal belt and the industrial hub, but no realtor has come up with any residential and commercial building plan due to the restrictions.\"Cost of land in Ramgarh is more or less the same as that of big cities of the state, including Ranchi, Jamshedpur and Dhanbad,\" Nemani said.He added that the government should ensure that the development of Ramgarh should not suffer due to these restrictions.Raju Chaturvedi, president of Ramgarh Chamber of Commerce and Industries (RCCI), said that the organization has submitted a number of memorandums to the CBR demanding lifting of restrictions. \"The Government of India in the early 50s had issued a notification for land acquisition in Ramgarh town for instant use of military station, but that land is still unused due to it being in a notified area sale,\" Chaturvedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15550974", "title": "It\u2019s raining publications but there\u2019s a literary drought", "text": "A global report says that Mumbai falls woefully short on the literary culture scaleWith its much-vaunted cosmopolitanism and shades of noir, Mumbai has consistently drawn writers on the lookout for inspiration\u2014from Gregory David Roberts who explored its underbelly in Shantaram to Katherine Boo who wove her Behind The Beautiful Forevers around the squalor and politics of its slums. However, the literary culture and reading habits of this muse itself seems to be in decline if a recent global report is anything to go by.The World Cities Culture Report 2012, which analysed the literary culture of 12 leading global cities, noted that reading infrastructure such as libraries and bookstores, considered the cornerstones of a literary culture, were woefully inadequate in the city. Mumbai has only 80 public libraries across languages\u2014this amounts to a pathetic 0.006 library per million population, the lowest ratio among the cities analysed in the report. It has 525 bookshops, nearly one-third of Tokyo's and half those of Shanghai. Its six rare and second-hand bookstores are not a patch on Johannesburg or Tokyo .\"The city lacks a browsing serendipity,\" believes Ahalya Naidu Momaya of Literary Angels, a group that promotes a book culture. \"The lack of bookstores and libraries does not allow citizens to chance upon good books. Most people rely on what papers, magazines and celebrities outline as must-reads, which is mere marketing and not recommending in the real sense.\" Aroon Tikekar, head of the Asiatic Society, blames the state government for not having a language and literary policy to nurture public libraries as well as establish institutions such as repositories of discarded collections.Vidya Virkar, daughter of the late T N Shanbhag, proprietor of Strand Book Stall, believes that Mumbai does enjoy a unique literary position but is suffering a downturn with respect to physical bookstores, partly due to \"online sites underselling books\". Virkar admits that Strand's sales are down 30 per cent over the past 18 months. \"If Strand, with its huge customer loyalty, should feel the pinch, it means other bookstores are perhaps dying,\" she says. Officials at the Mumbai Marathi Grantha Sangrahalaya say their membership too is waning and youngsters only pop by for project work.If the statistics on bookstores and libraries are dismal, those on publishing are impressive. The report says that that Mumbai churns out 82,537 books annually across all genres and languages, fifth only to Shanghai , New York, London and Berlin , which correspondingly publish anywhere from 93,000 to three lakh titles. However, there is near-unanimity among literary experts that a flurry of publications does not indicate a vibrant book culture; all the more because the quality of contemporary literary work does not inspire much confidence. \"Indiscriminate publication is the hallmark of today's publishing,\" says historian and head of Asiatic Society Aroon Tikekar, pointing out that 90 per cent of books, besides, are about management, health, cookery and travel and don't qualify as literature.Novelist Kiran Nagarkar's gut feeling is that literary culture is a thing of the past. With 24/7 TV, Internet, films, Page 3 gossip and cricket, there's hardly any time left to read, he notes. \"Reading, whether in English or our regional languages, is a highly endangered species,\" he says. The city's cramped public transport further cuts down opportunities, unlike the leisurely travel on London or Paris metros which are known for their nose-buried-in-a-book commuters.The once rich Marathi literary scene too has changed over the years, believes book editor Sunil Karnik. \"There is a huge pool of talented Marathi writers even today, but unfortunately local literary culture is not nurtured,\" he says, adding that the growing popularity of the English language has eroded the readership for Marathi literature. \"There's also poor remuneration and writers are not given sufficient time to write books,\" he says.Old-timers recall how the 1940s and '50s had vibrant Marathi public discourses and literary gatherings and newspapers had dedicated literary supplements. Others, however, dismiss the suggestion that local culture is vanishing. \"If a good environment is created, we have work being produced in Marathi that can be translated and successfully popularised,\" believes Karnik. If the crowds at the popular Ideal bookstore in Dadar are any indication, there's still a ray of hope for Marathi bibliophiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15557804", "title": "Southwest monsoon weak in majority districts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in four districts; fairly widespread in three; scattered in three; isolated in 18; and negligible in two in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. South-West monsoon was active in one district; normal in 12; and weak in 17 districts. H eavy rain was recorded in two districts; rather heavy rain in six; moderate rain in 14; light rain in six; and very light rain in two, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned 24-hours i s considered as s cattered 26 % of the gr am panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2 .5mm. Nitiru gram panchayat in Hosanagara taluk of Shimoga district recorded maximum rainfall of 78.5mm in the above mentioned same period. W idespread, rather heavy to heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Dakshina Kannada, and Chikmagalur districts.Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Shimoga, Ramanagar and Uttara Kannada; scattered, no to moderate rain in Hassan, Haveri and Bangalore Urban; isolated, light to rather heavy rain in Bellary, Koppal, Bangalore Rural, Gulbarga, Chamrajanagar, Yadgir, Mandya, Belgaum, Bidar, Davangere, Bijapur, Chitradurga, Raichur, Tumkur, Gadag, Kolar and Mysore. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 19 has recorded deficit rainfall of 31%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 612.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 425.4mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 19, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 5.9mm, a deficit of 32%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15557931", "title": "CPM condemns dismissal of over 500 Maruti workers", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana unit of CPM has strongly condemned the illegal act of summary dismissal of over 500 workers of the Manesar based Maruti plant. The party maintained that such highhandedness and dictatorial conduct of the management had been mainly responsible for the July 18 happenings in the plant.CPM state secretary Inderjit Singh also strongly criticized continued reign of terror let loose jointly by the management and the Haryana police against workers and their family members. \"Party has raised strong objection to the arrest of some innocent workers who were returning from the CITU office on Saturday at Rohtak by the Gurgaon police\", he said.\"It is astonishing that the same Haryana police shielding a person like Gopal Kanda accused of a serious crime for so long has displayed extra interest in making indiscriminate arrests of more than 60 workers without any credible inquiry\", the CPM leader remarked.The party demanded intervention of Haryana government in getting gross dismissal orders withdrawn, to stop police repression and reopening of the plant by taking all workers on duty.The party has also appealed all trade unions, mass organizations and common people to come forward and raised their voice for justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550953", "title": "International hand-me-downs come handy for Talegaon kids", "text": "NAGPUR: For 15 students of Model High School in Talegaon, which is around 90km from Nagpur, life is completely different as compared to their Nagpur counterparts. Some of them have to work for four to five hours for a livelihood, so participation in an interschool cricket meet was a distant dream, especially when they neither had equipments nor kits.The kids, however, will not only participate in the tournament but also play with the same equipment used by international stars like Rahul Dravid, Shane Watson, Shaun Tait and Owais Shah. All that could be possible because of the Institute of Sports Raj Singh Dungarpur Academy in Talegaon.\"Our school doesn't get the sports grant. So, purchasing costly cricket equipments was out of question. However, one day I saw four-five students of my school practicing in the academy. So, I decided to approach them for helping us out. They arranged everything for us, right from training to equipments and kits,\" Anup Kale, physical training in-charge of Model High School, told TOI.Kale's wards may be underprivileged but they have raw talent. Captain Harish Pidiyar impressed former Indian captain Dravid so much so that during Rajasthan Royals' preparation camp at Talegaon he gave his kit to him besides valuable tips.The left-arm spinner had also impressed Shah and other Royals players. \"Harish was addicted to kharra but after that camp, he has stopped it completely and is now focusing on fitness. This is the change this academy has brought in the region, which has around 80 pan shops for a population of 30,000,\" Kale said.For the youngsters, meeting international cricketing stars was a dream but now they are very much part of their lives. Each of them has spent sufficient time with the youngsters; guided them not only about the game but life as a whole.Leg-spinner Ramu Singh Tak didn't concede a wide despite playing with a leather ball for the first time. Kale had to convince his parents to send him to school again. Ramu had quit his studies because his parents couldn't afford the fees. The stories of many are similar. Now, the youngsters only concentrate on their games and studies. After spending time with international and domestic stars, they want to be like them. They don't have to worry about the financial aspects.\"Many international stars have contributed to this academy. Even Vidarbha players like Faiz Fazal and Amit Paunikar donated some portion of their money for this good cause. Our aim is to provide them the platform from where they can decide their future,\" Romi Binder, director of the institute, said.Many international stars have contributed to this academy. Our aim is to provide them the platform from where they can decide their futureRomi Binder | director", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550908", "title": "International hand-me-downs come handy for Talegaon kids", "text": "NAGPUR: For 15 students of Model High School in Talegaon, which is around 90km from Nagpur, life is completely different as compared to their Nagpur counterparts. Some of them have to work for four to five hours for a livelihood, so participation in an interschool cricket meet was a distant dream, especially when they neither had equipments nor kits.The kids, however, will not only participate in the tournament but also play with the same equipment used by international stars like Rahul Dravid , Shane Watson , Shaun Tait and Owais Shah. All that could be possible because of the Institute of Sports Raj Singh Dungarpur Academy in Talegaon.\"Our school doesn't get the sports grant. So, purchasing costly cricket equipments was out of question. However, one day I saw four-five students of my school practicing in the academy. So, I decided to approach them for helping us out. They arranged everything for us, right from training to equipments and kits,\" Anup Kale, physical training in-charge of Model High School, told TOI.Kale's wards may be underprivileged but they have raw talent. Captain Harish Pidiyar impressed former Indian captain Dravid so much so that during Rajasthan Royals' preparation camp at Talegaon he gave his kit to him besides valuable tips.The left-arm spinner had also impressed Shah and other Royals players. \"Harish was addicted to kharra but after that camp, he has stopped it completely and is now focusing on fitness. This is the change this academy has brought in the region, which has around 80 pan shops for a population of 30,000,\" Kale said.For the youngsters, meeting international cricketing stars was a dream but now they are very much part of their lives. Each of them has spent sufficient time with the youngsters; guided them not only about the game but life as a whole.Leg-spinner Ramu Singh Tak didn't concede a wide despite playing with a leather ball for the first time. Kale had to convince his parents to send him to school again. Ramu had quit his studies because his parents couldn't afford the fees. The stories of many are similar. Now, the youngsters only concentrate on their games and studies. After spending time with international and domestic stars, they want to be like them. They don't have to worry about the financial aspects.\"Many international stars have contributed to this academy. Even Vidarbha players like Faiz Fazal and Amit Paunikar donated some portion of their money for this good cause. Our aim is to provide them the platform from where they can decide their future,\" Romi Binder, director of the institute, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15552591", "title": "Himachal govt turnaround on Kachroo killers astounds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Himachal Pradesh's decision to waive the jail term of four medical students convicted in the Aman Satya Kachroo ragging and murder case has triggered a controversy as the government had earlier moved the high court, seeking stiffer punishment for them.This Independence Day, the state government released the four accused - Abhinav Verma, Mukul Sharma, Navin Verma and Ajay Verma - taking into consideration their good conduct in jail. However, a month after the verdict was delivered by a fast-track court in November 2010, the Himachal Pradesh government had moved the high court seeking a harsher punishment for the accused. The government had argued that the trial court had shown leniency while pronouncing the quantum of punishment. The appeal is still pending before the HC.After the death of Aman, who was brutally tortured by his seniors in the college hostel, the Supreme Court had passed several guidelines for educational institutions across the country to curb ragging. His brutal murder had even forced the HP government to pass the Himachal Pradesh Educational Institutions (Prohibition of Ragging) Act in 2009. Reacting to the government's decision, Aman's father Raj Kachroo said, \"What was the hurry? The government, which had earlier appealed to the high court to enhance the sentence, has reduced it. Is it a case of one hand of the government not knowing what the other one is doing, or is there more to it?\"\"The accused boys had only a few more months to complete their regular sentence and would have elevated themselves morally if they had stayed in jail. The government has robbed them of this opportunity,\" he added. After his son's death, Kachroo had set up a trust in Aman's name following which the University Grants Commission had asked him to monitor the National Ragging Prevention Programme. He said the message that he was trying to convey to all students across the nation against ragging has been undermined by the state government. HP advocate general R K Bawa said he is not aware of the boys' release and will be able to make any comment only after verifying the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552425", "title": "Crunch on, munch on crispy rolls", "text": "Standing at the corner of a dusty street, gulping down coke and removing the wrapper from the crunchy egg roll, you go 'chakum, chukum, chakum, chukum.. ' This might take many Bengalis back to their college days in Park Street, where egg rolls and puchkaas (gol gappas) were considered the best street food in Kolkata.For those craving for crispy, hot and chatpata spicy Kolkata rolls, there's solace closer home. 'Chakum Chukum - Calcutta on a Roll' in Indiranagar promises to satisfy your munch time hunger with over 80 varieties of rolls! \"Chakum chukum is the chomping sound when you bite into something crunchy and spicy. It's an expression of hunger, when people drool over good food and long for more,\" said Arpita Sinha, who started the food joint along with her husband, Sujoy Das.The fastest selling dishes are liver, kidney and mutton rolls. Their egg rolls are plump with filling , and decently sized. The ground meat and vegetables are so well marinated that no sweet and sour dip is required. And there are plenty of options for veggies too.A geography teacher, Arpita did her bit of marketing before opening the joint, considering the competition from nearby fine dine restaurants. \"I wanted people to notice my small food joint as well. At traffic signals, I used to get off my car, distribute fliers among other motorists, and hop into my vehicle as soon as the signal turned green! I went door to door and asked them to visit my humble joint. It paid off,\" smiles Arpita.This food joint is a neighbourly place, tucked on an out-of-the-way street, where waiters aren't fawning and the prices aren't excessively high. You can have a mutton liver egg roll for just Rs 105, while double chicken shammi egg roll costs Rs 110 and a plain egg roll can be yours for just Rs 55.\"Their rolls are perfect for Bangalore weather! This place is a paradise for someone who's used to Delhi's roadside dhabas. Their mutton rolls and mughlai parathas are stellar. I am definitely getting my siblings here... they need to know even this city has great food joints,\" exclaims Deepti Malik , banking professional.They cater to families, youngsters, IT companies, and even hospitals! Chakum Chukum has stories behind the names of some of their rolls. For instance, a roll called Malav is named after a customer who always preferred minced meat and mutton in his food. Hence, Malav roll is prepared with four eggs, double portion of meat and mutton. A word of caution : It's definitely not for the weak-hearted.Even if you are a calorie watcher, don't fret. This joint, which gets over 400 customers daily, promises to customize rolls for heart patients and health-conscious foodies. If need be, they prepare rolls only with egg whites, their laccha parathas with wheat and just two tablespoons of oil.Mughlai parathas, mutton egg kheema and vegetable paneer rolls are absolute crowd pullers here. The sauce-dripping , crunchy rolls laced with roasted onions, green chillies and a dash of lemon is a musthave . But if you are expecting a well-lit room with chandeliers , then this place is not for you. It's a tiny joint with chairs placed on the footpath and you can enjoy your crispy rolls under the shade of a tree. Agreed the ambience and service are not the best, but the food still gets brownie crunchy egg roll.CHAKUM CHUKUM 901/2, 7th Main Road, 4th Cross, HAL II Stage, Indiranagar, Phone: 080-42115536 Meal for two: Rs 250 Timing: Noon to 11pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15551554", "title": "Step out if you can't sit in, orders EC", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: State election commission on Saturday disqualified 39 ward members of two grama panchayats in Thrissur and Kozhikode for not convening grama sabha meetings as per the time schedule set by the Panchayati Raj Act.All 18 members of Kuruvattoor grama panchayat in Kozhikode and 21 of the 22 members of Varantharappilly grama panchayat in Thirssur were disqualified.The order of state election commissioner K Sasidharan comes after the commission received numerous public complaints against the members of both grama panchayats.As per the Kerala Panchayati Raj Act 3 (3), all panchayat members are responsible for convening grama sabha meetings every three months, without fail. If the elected member fails to convene grama sabha for six months, the members will court disqualification.Voters of the respective panchayat wards or elected member of any other ward in the panchayat can seek the commission's intervention against such lapses, an official statement from state election commission said. In both panchayats, no grama sabha meetings were held for the last seven months.While the last grama sabha meeting in Kuruvattoor was held in December 2010, Varantharappilly did not witness any grama sabha meetings after January 2011.One member in Varantharappilly did not face disqualification as there was no formal complaint against him. The commission can initiate action only if there is a complaint.During the recording of statements, members of Varantharappilly told the commission that the governing council of the panchayat had decided to convene grama sabha only after district planning committee approved the plan document.Members of Kuruvattoor cited assembly election as the reason for not convening the meeting. As per the Panchayati Raj Act, disqualified members will not be eligible to contest elections until 2016 (till their term ends) .If the members' plan to seek reprieve from judiciary fails, the state government would have to dissolve the panchayats and announce fresh elections.Thiruvananthapuram: State Election Commission on Saturday disqualified 39 ward members of two grama panchayaths in Thrissur and Kozhikode districts for not convening ``grama sabha'' meetings as per the time schedule set by the Panchayathi Raj Act.All 18 members of Kuruvattoor grama panchayath in Kozhikode district and 21 of the 22 members of Varantharappilly gram panchayath in Thirssur district were disqualified.The order of State election commissioner K Sasidharan comes following a number of public complaints the commission received against the members of two grama panchayath who failed to convene grama sabha meetings. As per the Kerala Panchayathi Raj Act 3 (3), all pachayath members are responsible to convene grama sabha meetings every three months, without fail. If the elected member fails to convene grama sabha for six months together, the members will court disqualification. Voters of the respective panchayath wards or elected member of any other ward in the panchayath can seek the commission's intervention against such lapses, an official statement from state election commission said.In both these panchayaths, no grama sabha meetings were held for the last seven months. While the last grama sabha meeting in kuruvattoor panchayath was held in December 2010, Varanthappally did not witness any grama sabha meetings after January 2011. Of the members in Varanthapappilly was did not court disqualification as there was no formal complaint against that member before the commission.According to the commission, it was the duty of the ward members to convene the grama sabha meetings in consultation with respective panchayath presidents. During the recording of statements, members of Varantharappilly panchayath told the commission that the governing council of the panchayath had decided to convene grama sabha only after district planning committee approved the plan document. Members of Kuruvattur grama panchayaths cited Assembly election as the reason for not convening the sabhas.As per the Panchayathi Raj Act, disqualified members will not be eligible to contest elections until 2016. If the members' plan to seek reprieve from judiciary fails, the state government would have to dissolve the panchayaths and announce fresh elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553547", "title": "Syndicate split over granting UGC benefits to 32 teachers", "text": "MYSORE: The Syndicate meeting of University Of Mysore ( UoM) held on Saturday witnessed heated debate on the issue of granting University Grants Commission and pension benefits to 32 teachers appointed to various departments in 2003.A resolution on this score was passed by a majority vote with six members voting against it. Nine members, majority of them being the university teachers and politicians, voted in favour of the resolution.According to sources, resolution on the issue came up before the meeting and the members, mainly those nominated to the house by the government, opposed the pension and UGC benefits to the teachers whose appointment itself has been questioned in the court of law for it's violation of a high court ruling .A member, who argued against the resolution, pointed out to the vice-chancellor, who presided over the meeting, that the appointments have been made in violation of the UGC rules. Even after the appointment, teachers failed to abide by the high court direction which stipulated appointed teachers to complete various courses and tests such as NET , SLET and doctorate degrees, but many of them failed to abide by the direction. This being the situation how UoM can grant UGC and pension benefits to these teacher?, the member asked.When the VC who failed to convince the dissenting members, placed the resolution to vote and it was passed by 9-6 votes. At this juncture, the members asked the VC to record their dissent .Later, H M Bhasker, a RSS activist and syndicate member nominated by the government told TOI that anybody can question the Syndicate's decision in the court as it violates all the rules governing the appointment of teachers to universities. \"When the appointments are against the rules and teachers have no requisite educational qualifications stipulated by the UGC, how they will be qualified to get the benefits?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15556690", "title": "150th year of Bombay high court marks a new beginning: Chief Justice Mohit Shah", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay high court Chief Justice Mohit Shah has said that 150 th year of the judicial institution which saw all judges, lawyers, officers and staff working together is a year that will mark a new beginning.\"Our effort in this high court has been to look at the sesquicentennial not just as an isolated year but as a year which will mark a new beginning. Throughout this year all the Honourable Judges, the Bar Councils of Maharashtra and Goa, all the three Bar Associations of the High Court at Bombay as well as Bar Associations at Nagpur, Aurangabad and Goa and also all the officers and staff in the registry have grown as a team to mark the Sesquicentennial celebrations,\" he said on Saturday as he thanked his team and said they would \"continue the high traditions of this court but also bring about reforms and meet new challenges''.Chief Justice Shah said the HC was alive to its responsibility as a Constitutional Court for more than 12 crore people in the States of Maharashtra and Goa and also the Union territories of Diu-Daman, Dadara Nagar Haveli and Silvasa.\"We have been dealing with public interest litigation with a sense of responsibility. There is, of course, separation of powers, but there is no separation of goals,'' he said and pointed out how the Bombay HC reached out to persons with disability who were not getting equal opportunities in spite of Act of Parliament for their development in 1995.\"At the initiative taken by the High Court, the Government of Maharashtra has agreed to provide special gadgets and software to more than 1000 visually impaired employees in the State to make them equally competent with other employees,\" he said. \"We have also reached out to children suffering from malnutrition in Melghat,\" added he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550882", "title": "Shivaji College principal, clerk not arrested yet", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after registering the FIR, the Bhandara police have not yet arrested the principal Namdeo Meshram and senior clerk Jitendra Kirsal in Bhandara's Shivaji Science College fraud case for want of documents from Nagpur University. Despite repeated calls by Bhandara police, NU's Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) has not submitted its inquiry report.\"We've not arrested the duo yet as we don't have required documents to nail them. We have just booked the duo after registering FIR. The NU officials have not given their inquiry report,\" Bhandara superintendent of police, Aarti Singh, told TOI.Singh said the police need proof including documents before going ahead with the arrests. \"Since the college was closed due to holidays, we could not get those papers. Now, since there are two more public holidays, we will be able to visit the college only on Tuesday,\" she added.The SP also informed that all the 54 students from the college, run by the renowned Shivaji Education Society of Amravati, had approached them to file a police complaint but only two of them were having identity cards issued by the accused clerk.Surprisingly, exam in-charge of the college Sanjay Raibole was not booked by the police even as he remains the custodian of all question papers and answer sheets of NU. Raibole had allowed these students to appear in the exams despite the fact that their fake I-cards (issued by Kirsal) did not have NU stamp or signature. Singh stated Raibole will be booked if there is proof of his involvement in the fraud.Controller of examinations (CoE) Siddarth Kane expressed his inability to provide a DAC's report to Bhandara police as the panel led by Eknath Kathale has failed to submit its findings even after a week. \"Since I am not part of the DAC, I can't tell when the report will be submitted. Even after its submission, the report will be first presented before the Board of Examinations (BoE) for final decision,\" he clarified.He, however, reiterated NU's stand for not filing FIR with the police. \"Only if DAC recommends, we will think of filing FIR. But I think, even they will not ask for it. In Agnihotri College's case, the situation is different as we have to seize the documents therein. In this case, we are having all the relevant documents. This is the reason we haven't dispatched any fact-finding panel to the college like that in Wardha,\" he explained.Kirsal had duped 54 BSc students and splurged 17,000 which they had deposited towards the exam fees.Bhandara SP Aarti Singh said the police need proof, including documents, before going ahead with the arrests", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552470", "title": "Cleansing the system is his mantra", "text": "BANGALORE: This 21-year-old Bangalore-based student currently at Colgate University , New York , has a passion \u2014 to 'shudhify ' (cleanse) the corrupt system in his home town. During his summer holidays this year, Srikar Gullapalli interviewed the aam janata at the offices of BBMP, BDA, sub-registrar , RTO as well as police stations and government hospitals. He found that 33.38% of those surveyed were not satisfied with service, 37.98% were asked to pay a bribe, 38.61% used a middleman to work done and 15% felt threatened.He's the youngest researcher at IIMB's seventh annual conference on public policy and management. IIM-B's Centre for Public Policy is coordinating with civic agencies to get rid of corruption in public services, based on his report. \"We appreciate his efforts in reaching out to the public and asking them about corruption. He has also taken his report to MLAs,\" said Sridhar Pabbisetty, chief operating officer of the centre.Gullapalli was selected as one of 60 youngsters worldwide (out of 1,500 applicants ) with the potential to change the world. He worked with the British Council and received funding for two initiatives , including Shudhify. Prof Michael Johnston, author of 'Syndromes of Corruption' and former director of Transparency International USA, was his mentor for the project. This research was sponsored by British Council, Global Youth Anti-Corruption Network at the World Bank Institute, and the Lampert Endowment of the PPE programme at Colgate University.'We'll throw you in jail!'Police threatened my surveyors talking to citizens outside the police station. The constable at Frazer Town police station said, \"We'll throw you in jail if you continue with these surveys\" . At sub-registrar offices, middlemen threatened to inform higher-ups , including the sub-registrar . This shows the nexus between these touts and officials. An MLA refused to admit the rampant corruption in government offices in his constituency. There's hardly been any effort by elected representatives to curb the menace. If processes are more organized, it reduces the likelihood of citizens using middlemen. The simpler the process, the less likelihood of citizens paying bribes. If government officers are accessible, it reduces the chances of citizens feeling threatened.Survey methodology2,580 interviews in June 2012 893 at 50 sub-registrar offices 452 at 20 government hospitals 952 at 54 police stations 215 household surveys in 8 zones Average age of respondents 34 years 79.95% respondents male 29% have college degree 36% have monthly income greater than Rs 10000 Driving licence test One person said his driving instructor completed the test on his behalf which made the process faster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554317", "title": "Seven best knocks of VVS Laxman", "text": "167 vs Australia ( Sydney , Jan 2000)It was the third Test of a forgettable series for India, till VVS Laxman conjured up his first 'very very special' act. The visitors had lost the first two Tests, and looked headed for a humiliating whitewash when Australia declared at 552 for five, after shooting India out for 150. A reluctant opener at that point, VVS suddenly took the Australian attack by the scruff of its neck. He smashed 27 boundaries against an attack that included the likes of Glenn McGrath , Shane Warne and a young Brett Lee . The magnitude of this magical knock can be gauged by the fact that the next best score, in a total of 261, was Sourav Ganguly's 25!281 vs Australia (Kolkata, April 2001)Kolkata 2001 will forever remain etched in the memory of cricket fans. Australia had won the first Test at Mumbai, scored 445 in the first dig at Kolkata, and then bowled India out for 171 and asked them to follow on. Steve Waugh &amp; Co, riding on 16 successive Test wins, were thinking of ways to celebrate the conquest of their final frontier when VVS, promoted to No. 3, joined forces with an out-of-touch Rahul Dravid . Both added 376 for the fifth wicket as India declared at 657 for seven and then bowled a stunned Australia out to eke out an unthinkable win. Laxman hit 281, then the highest individual score by an Indian in Tests.148 vs Australia (Adelaide, Dec 2003)India were reduced to 85 for four after the Aussies had amassed 556. Laxman and Dravid added 303 for the fifth wicket as the visitors reached 523. India then bowled out Australia for 196 and successfully chased 233 to record a rare overseas win that gave them a 1-0 lead in the series.178 vs Australia (Sydney, Jan 2004)This match is best remembered for Sachin Tendulkar's unbeaten 241 without stroking a boundary on the off-side , but what also stood out was a regal 178 off Laxman's bat. Both the batting geniuses added 353 for the fourth wicket as India put on a humungous 705 for seven in the fourth and final Test.103* vs Sri Lanka (Colombo, Aug 2010)Sri Lanka had scored 267 in their second dig to almost nullify India's 11-run lead. In the fourth innings of an intriguing third Test, India needed 257 to win. Laxman's main worry was a bad back. He braved it to score a gallant 103 and script a famous win.73* vs Australia (Mohali, Oct 2010)As far as Houdini acts go, this one takes the cake. India, chasing 216, looked down and out at 124 for eight, with Ishant Sharma giving company to Laxman, who was writhing in back pain. The Hyderabadi, however, pulled off a miracle , adding 81 with the tailender to give heartache to the Aussies. The 'heartache' turned to 'heartbreak' as VVS then took India home with last man Pragyan Ojha in tow, to pull off a one-wicket win for India.96 vs South Africa (Durban, Dec 2010)For India, winning at bouncy Durban was always a dream that never looked like turning real till Laxman produced another 'special' . India had been reduced to 148 for seven after taking a 74-run lead in the first innings. Again displaying the art of playing perfectly with tailenders, Laxman added 70 with Zaheer Khan for the eighth wicket to give India a decisive edge that resulted in a memorable, stunning win.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550757", "title": "Vendor booked for using plates having Arabic text", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed at BS Maktha on Saturday evening as some locals belonging to a particular community took objection to a roadside vendor serving snacks on a paper plate which had Arabic script on it.The Punjagutta police said that one Amjad informed them that Kumar, a vendor, was using paper plates with Arabic text on it. He suspected it to be verses from a religious book.Immediately, police swung into action and questioned Kumar about the source of the paper plates.\"Kumar said he had bought a packet of paper plates from Monda Market unaware of what was written on it. When our officials approached the concerned shopkeeper in Monda Market, he told us that he in turn bought it from one Shekar of Ramanthapur. We are trying to trace Shekar to check whether it was an intentional act or not. We are yet to ascertain whether the Arabic text on the paper plates was religious in nature,'' assistant commissioner of police (Punjagutta) A Venkat Narasaiah told TOI.Police have booked a case against Kumar under section 295 (Deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555497", "title": "Aamir\u2019s show also inspired me to do Mountain Man: Nawaz", "text": "Nawazuddin Siddiqui, who begins filming for Ketan Mehta's movie in September, will be busy shooting for Lunch Box on EidMany directors have been inspired by the tale of Dashrath Manjhi. Some had even penned scripts on him. Sanjay Singh, who had produced Udaan, had also announced a movie titled Manjhi that was supposed to have been based on the life of the hero from Bihar who single-handedly toiled with a hammer and chisel for 22 years to construct a 360 feet long, 30 feet high and 25 feet wide passage through Gehlour hills in Bihar reducing the distance between Atri and Wazirganj in the Gaya district from 75 km to just one km. Some reports had claimed that Manoj Bajpai would be playing the lead in Manjhi.The latest, however, is that Ketan Mehta will be making a biopic on Manjhi titled Mountain Man. Bajpai's coactor from Gangs of Wasseypur has been penciled to play the lead in Mehta's film. Says Nawazuddin, \"I will do full justice to the character. I came to know about Manjhi some two months before Ketan Mehta gave me the details of the film. His is such an inspiring journey.\"However, Nawazuddin had no idea about the film called Manjhi that was supposed to have Bajpai play the title role. What he does know of is the Aamir Khan show that had recently featured Majhi. \"I had watched the last episode of Satyamev Jayate that featured Majhi. I was moved to see the power of a man who had literally moved the mountains. Manjhi's willpower, his passion and consistency are very inspiring virtues,\" says Nawaz.Shooting for the film will begin in September. \"I will be shooting in Bihar. I'll get one month's break to prepare for the role,\" he says.But before that happens, Nawazuddin has to complete the shooting of Ritesh Batra's Lunch Box. Ask him about his plans for Eid on Monday and he says, \"I will be busy shooting in Mumbai on Monday. With my schedule, it's unfortunate that I will not get time to spend with my family. If I had got a day off, I would have spent time with my friends and family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553834", "title": "All land records in state to be online from Oct 31", "text": "Gurgaon: In its effort to ensure transparency in land deals, the Haryana government has fixed October 31 as the deadline for making all land records online in the state. The Haryana Land Records and Consolidation Department has said that no manual copy of record of rights will be issued from November 1. Only a computerized copy from the software of Haryana Land Record Information System would be permitted, a spokesperson of the department said. A communication to this effect has been sent to all deputy commissioners in the state. \"All village maps are being digitized under the National Land Records Modernisation Programme,\" he said. Deputy commissioners have been directed to give a print of the digitized village maps to the patwari concerned for updating and they will have to return the updated ones to the vendor within 15 days. He said since baseline 'jamabandi' of all villages has already been digitized, all mutations entered after the digitized 'jamabandi' would be entered in the HALRIS software to make land records 100% online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550775", "title": "Torture by hubby forces woman to end life", "text": "NAGPUR: Fed up of the constant torture and harassment meted out by hubby, a 25-year-old woman committed suicide by jumping into a well near her residence at Wadhamna Mhada colony, on Friday evening.Savita Chele had married Mangesh Chele, a milk man, two years ago. Police said that Savita had tried to commit suicide many times but each time she was saved either by her neighbours or parents. Chele didn't want to stay with Savita. Hence he would pick up fight with by commenting on her character.A month ago, Savita had left her husband's house and had been staying with her parents. But last week she returned. On Tuesday, the couple again had heated argument. An angry Savita then rushed out of her house and jumped into a nearby well. They have a two-year-old daughter, Khushi.In another incident, Bharatwada resident Pundalik Mule, 40-year-old, committed suicide by consuming poison at his farm on Kalamna road, on Saturday morning. He was declared brought dead at Mayo hospital. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15553510", "title": "Despite official assurances, rumours leave them jittery", "text": "MANGALORE: There have been no instances of northeast students leaving undivided Dakshina Kannada district following assurances from college authorities. However, students from the northeast here are worried about their safety.Aisha (name changed), a BSc nursing student from northeast, and her friends from northeast in Dr MV Shetty ladies hostel are petrified. Aisha said: \"In the past three days, I received one call from a Kerala number and two calls from a Karnataka number. The unknown person called and asked me all the three times to which state I belong and where I am residing in Mangalore. I have not informed the police, but I have broken my SIM card and stopped using mobile phone.\"Dr MV Shetty ladies hostel is home to around 90 students from the northeast. Nyima Yangchin, a nursing student from Nepal , who resides in the same hostel is scared after a Tibetan youth was stabbed in Mysore. \"Though none of the Tibetans have been attacked here, my 10 Tibetan friends and I are worried about our safety.\"Chiranjeev Gohain, NE students welfare association (Mangalore) president, said so far Mangaloreans have not troubled any NE students but there is a need for helpline of NE students in the city for safety purpose.On Saturday, former Union minister Oscar Fernandes visited Dr MV Shetty ladies hostel and gave assurance of safety and requested them not to leave Mangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15552820", "title": "Quota in promotion: Samajwadi Party to oppose bill in Parliament", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party , in all likelihood, would oppose the proposed amendment in the Constitution that paves way for reservation in promotions. The party leadership is believed to have made up its mind to oppose the bill, scheduled to be tabled in the monsoon session of Parliament on August 22.SP sources told TOI that the opposition to the bill will be spearheaded by party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and senior leader Ram Gopal Yadav in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha respectively. The party had been making its intentions clear vis-a-vis providing reservation in promotion in government jobs since it stormed to power in March.In fact, the Samajwadi Party-led state government decided to abide by the high court order of January 2011 that quashed the policy of reservation in promotions initiated during the tenure of Mayawati.The Supreme Court, too, later upheld the high court verdict.SP's opposition to the bill stems from the fact that the policy hits not only the general class, but also the other backward classes (OBCs), the crucial vote bank of SP.If through, the constitutional amendment will force over 20 lakh employee of the general and backward category in UP to step down from their promoted post. Sources, however, indicated that the amendment will make it optional for the state governments to enforce the provision.The proposed bill, sources said, seeks to take into account the Supreme Court order of April 27, 2012, which considered the M Nagraj case that stressed on getting the data of SC/ST quantifiable in terms of their backwardness and their inadequacy of representation . Party sources said that the new bill seeks to do away with the provision of getting the status of SC/ ST quantifiable.This will not be the first time that the provision of reservation in promotion will be raked up in Parliament.It was first raised in Parliament on June 17, 1995, when Parliament introduced a sub-clause in Section 16 (equality in opportunity) paving way for reservation in promotion. However, a division bench of Justice R K Sabbarwal and Justice Veer Pal Singh termed the amendment 'unconstitutional'.The Supreme Court then took into account the Indra Sawhney vs Union of India case of November 16, 1992, in which the apex court had said that reservation may be granted only during recruitment.The BJP-led NDA government later brought in three constitutional amendment Acts between June 9, 2000, and January 4, 2002, paving way for not only reservation in promotion but also consequential seniority.However, on October 19, 2006, the SC went by the M Nagraj case which stressed on taking into account not only inadequacy of representation in the services and backwardness of the SC/ ST, but also efficiency of administration . It was this case that the apex court took once again in April this year while upholding the high court verdict.Already the move to bring in a constitutional amendment has started drawing flak from various quarters. \"There have been a host of attempts to amend the Constitution in the past. How many more are required,'' said Shailendra Dubey, president of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, which has already given a call to host a protest in Delhi on April 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15551287", "title": "Naphtha nightmare still haunts Dhaktollem", "text": "VASCO: As the naphtha tragedy completes one year on Sunday, two families are still reeling under the effect of the inferno which lasted for many days at Dhaktollem in Vasco.The most affected family was the Palyekar family who lost two sons and one is still fighting death. Though the sufferings of Shubham and Dipesh Palyekar, both brothers came to an end with their death, two others who were playing with them near the nullah when the fire broke out on the early morning of August 20, 2011, are still critical.Sleeping on a bed in the corner of their small rebuilt house, is Navin Warad, son of a casual laborer who was discharged from National Burns Centre, Mumbai, one month ago. Navin, 14, was undergoing treatment at the centre for the last 11 months. After undergoing many surgeries and treatment, the centre discharged him with no hopes.Navin is totally dependent on the mercy of others to even sit on his bed. Even a mosquito bite inflicts immense pain to his burnt body. Narsimha Warad, his father, said, \"We asked the hospital not to discharge him but there was no initiative from the Zuari Indian Oil Tanking Ltd (ZIOTL) as well. They want to wipe off their hands by handing over 3 lakh promised for the burnt victims. We have not taken their money.\" ZIOTL had also promised to take care of the burnt victims' medication for the next five years.His friend Tejas Palyekar is undergoing treatment at the same hospital but the family was informed about his discharge in the near future. His uncle, Chandrakant Palyekar, said, \"Our locality is very poor, and due to the monsoon and trees, the duo can get many infections which will only worsen their condition.\" Digamber Palyekar, a father who lost both his children in the naphta tragedy, has stopped going to work. He worked as a casual laborer. \"We are very poor. Our only treasure was our kids, who are no more, with them we have lost everything,\" he said.The wells in Dhaktollem still remain contaminated. Tulsidas Naik, a senior citizen, pointed out to two wells in which naphtha is still present. Santan Martins, who lost his source of income in the fire, owned six houses, six jackfruit trees and 12 coconut trees. But, Martins says the 22 lakh compensation that he received cannot help him start afresh. Many trees that were burnt during the fire are still standing.Francisco Mendes, station fire officer, Vasco said, \"The residents do not want to assist our team. The condition in Dhaktollem is such that even professional tree cutters do not want to do the job. There can be a tragedy occurring at anytime due to the burnt trees.\" A ZIOTL official said, \"Right from the victim to the families' stay, our company has paid everything, for both the Palyekar and the Warad family. It was the decision of the Warad family to get the boy discharged. Their 3 lakh is with us and we have asked them to collect it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550755", "title": "NE students to be given cops\u2019 phone numbers", "text": "NAGPUR: Following panic among Northeasterners after the ethnic clashes in Assam and their exodus from many states, city police have decided to share cellphone numbers of senior officials with students from the northeast to provide assistance in case of emergency.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay informed that senior officers of the ranks of deputy commissioner of police have been assigned task of instilling a sense of security among these students.It is learnt that cops addressed around 500 students from two leading institutions in the city where the number of northeast students is the highest. Dhanvijay said police would play the role of guardians for these students in city and that they need not feel insecure. \"Every police station has been instructed to attend their complaints on priority. Students can also directly call up the DCP for help. In case, the senior officer is not available then control room can be contacted,\" said the commissioner of police.Apart from this, the city police is also learnt to have been following the developments closely. It had earlier denied permission for a rally of Muslim outfits to protest ethnic clashes in Assam and Burma.Post violent protests in Mumbai, the city police is on a high alert with intelligence machineries fanning out to sensitive locations. The CP had earlier said the cops would remain alert till Eid is over. Police will keep a tight vigil until the tension subsides.Every police station has been instructed to attend to the students' complaints on priority. They can also directly call up the DCP for help. Ankush Dhanvijay | city police chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551154", "title": "15 held in Allahabad for Friday\u2019s violence", "text": "LUCKNOW: An uneasy calm prevailed in the state, specially in the state capital, Allahabad and Kanpur, where sporadic violence had taken place on Friday against Assam incidents.While the police on Saturday arrested 15 persons in Allahabad in connection with the Friday incidents, three FIRs were lodged at different police stations of the state capital for violence and arson. One FIR each was lodged at Chowk, Wazirganj and Hazratganj police stations for arson, violence and damaging of property at Gautam Buddha Park, Haathi Park and Parivartan Chowk.Allahabad SP (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI, \"The situation is under complete control and we have taken measures to ensure that no untoward incident takes place. Adequate police force has been stationed at all sensitive spots and trouble makers would be strictly dealt with by the police.\"Kanpur also remained peaceful on Saturday. Speaking to reporters, DIG Amitabh Yash said, \"No untoward incident has been reported in the city today. Areas like Cycle Market and Rajbi Road where miscreants had created ruckus and resorted to violence on Friday after Alvida ki Namaz, have returned to normalcy. Shops were open and markets witnessed huge festival rush. People have also resumed their normal life.\"\"We are using local police intelligence effectively to identify culprits behind the Friday violence in the city, besides keeping a close watch on social networking sites and also put nearly 7,000 phone numbers on surveillance,\" Yash added.Kanpur police said a case under various sections of IPC and Criminal Law Amendment Act has been lodged with the Colonelganj police station against at least 15 main accused besides 200 others. \"The RAF, PAC and the police are jointly patrolling the affected areas of the city,\" informed DIG (Range, Kanpur) Sunil Gupta, adding a review meeting would be held soon to assess the situation and apprise higher authorities in the state.Meanwhile, in protest against Friday incident, office-bearers and members of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad took out a march from VHP regional office at Panna Lal Road in Lucknow till the Fire Brigade crossing. However, they were stopped from entering the Chowk area. The protestors raised slogans against the state government and demanded security for traders and compensation for Friday's victims of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553798", "title": "MCG meet on Aug 23, councillors sceptical", "text": "Gurgaon: The agenda for the next MCG House meeting on August 23 has been prepared and as usual there are no new items to be discussed. This once again highlights the lack of coordination between the mayor and the MCG officials. The controversial town planning scheme finds a mention on the agenda again.Most of the councillors have expressed their displeasure over the state of affairs. \"It has been more than a year since we have been having these House meetings and there is not even one credible thing that we have been able to achieve yet. There is absolutely no discussion on any issue and the way these meetings are held is completely deplorable. The mayor is simply not bothered and does not even attempt to include anything new in the agenda. These meetings have remained just a formality,\" said a councillor. Others allege that there is absolutely no coordination between the executive and the mayor. \"The mayor and is team are only interested in things like TP scheme that appear to directly benefit them. They need to understand that issues like TP scheme become relevant only after the city is fully developed. In other municipal areas like Faridabad, the TP scheme has been brought in after 15 years since the municipal corporation was formed and after the municipal area has been developed to quite an extent. Instead of promoting their own interests, the mayor should talk about issues that directly affect the common man,\" said Rama Rani, councillor-ward 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15550607", "title": "Vanya Mishra wins 2 top awards at Miss World pageant", "text": "Vanya walked away with the coveted titles of Miss World Beauty with a Purpose and also went on to win the Multimedia Award at the Miss World pageant.Miss World Beauty with a Purpose  Vanya clearly stood out in the crowd as she walked away with the award for Beauty with a Purpose at the Miss World 2012 pageant.The Beauty with a Purpose Award is given to that contestant who has made a special dedication to a charitable cause to help those who are less fortunate.What helped Vanya win this title was the support that she showed towards Muktangan school in Mumbai, an initiative of Paragon Charitable Trust founded by Elizabeth Mehta, a pioneering educational program with an innovative model working in close partnership with the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai (MCGM) and a number of NGO's across the country.Muktangan provides affordable English medium education to over 2400 children across 7 Schools. More than 350 local members drawn from communities have been trained &amp; employed as teachers in their schools .Vanya believes in supporting the education model that Muktangan runs for underprivileged children where learning is informal, fun and interactive.Vanya Mishra won the 1st ever Multimedia Award at the Miss World 2012  Pantaloons Femina Miss India World 2012 Vanya Mishra last evenning, won the first ever Multimedia Award at the Miss World 2012 Pageant in Ordos, China.Contestants were judged on how they presented their web section of the Miss World website The best presentation would earn fast track points on the Miss World scoreboard and win the Multimedia Award.She actively interacted with fans and shared her experience at the Miss World 2012 contest by updating photos and video material regularly on the assigned facebook page.As of today the page has over 73,000 active fans and the posts reach over 9,00,000 people a week. All of this was achieved by updating intelligent status updates, interactive photo posts and some stunning cover pictures.Vanya was closely competing with Miss Mexico, however in the end the quality of her work stood out to take her across the finish line.Some highlights of the event  Mishra cut an impressive figure in a peach and black gown by designer and was fatracked straight to the 2nd position after winning the Multimedia Award with a score of 261 points at the Miss World 2012 Competition. Vanya Mishra also topped the charts by winning the Beauty with a purpose award scoring a total of 271 points in the Top 15.She dance to the track ' Dil cheez kya hai' from the 1981 film \" Umrao Jaan \" in Dances of the World Round.During the final round, the contestants were asked 'Why they deserved to be the next Miss World' to which Vanya answered, \"I believe that the next Miss World should be a woman with a kind heart and humility, who wherever she goes, makes people feel that she is their own. \"Somebody who carries simple values in this complex world, somebody who believes in herself. And this is what I believe I am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15557956", "title": "Bihar scientist gets international award for research on anti virus and cancer", "text": "PATNA: Forty-two-year-old young scientist Dr Babal Kant Jha has received the prestigious International Milstein young investigator award 2012 in science. Currently Jha is a research associate in the department of Cancer Biology Cleveland Clinic Lerner Research Institute, Cleveland, Ohio, USA.Jha will receive this award at the annual meeting of International Society of Interferon and Cytokine Research (ISICR) in Geneva, on September 11. Jha has received a master of philosophy (M.Phil) in 1998 and doctor of philosophy (PhD.) in 2005 in the area of Biochemistry and Structural Biology at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.Jha's current research focuses on host defences against viruses and cancer. Recently, in a collaboration with Professor Susan R Weiss (University of Pennsylvania), Jha co-discovered that the mouse coronavirus (MHV) accessory protein ns2 is an enzyme that interferes with the host anti-viral response.These studies showed that inhibition of the anti-viral response involving the host proteins OAS and RNase L by this viral protein, particularly in macrophages, is required for virus-induced hepatitis in mice and explains how this virus overcomes host defence mechanisms.He is currently extending these observations beyond MHV to other host and viral proteins that are structurally similar to the mouse coronavirus protein. In addition, Jha is developing a targeted therapeutic intervention to enhance the efficacy of oncolytic viruses (viruses that can kill tumor cells) in the Silverman lab.He found that the anti-angiogenic drug, sunitinib, inhibits host antiviral proteins, and he is using this drug to increase the anti-tumor activity of an oncolytic virus in mice. Thus his work may lead to new cancer therapies, says an expert.Jha comes from flood prone Mahishi village in Saharsa district. After primary education in Mahishi, he did his matriculation from Zila school, Saharsa . Jha has done his post graduation in Bio-chemistry from Delhi's Jamia Milia and Islamia, said Amit Anand of Mahishi village.Talking to TOI, Anand said that Jha's 85-year-old father Hira Kant Jha was very excited to hear the news.This village is worldwide known for an eighth-century academic debate between Shankaracharya and Bharti Mishra, wife of Sanskrit scholar Mandan Mishra.\"Similarly Jha has also enhanced the academic image of this historic village by receiving this prestigious award\", Anand said.Currently Jha lives in Cleveland in Ohio, USA. For 22 years, the Milstein Awards have represented the pinnacle of scientific achievement in interferon and cytokine research and are conferred each year by the ISICR at a special event during its annual meeting.The Milstein family-Vivian, her late husband Seymour, their son Philip and their daughter Connie-are well-known philanthropists in the United States and abroad. For more than 50 years they have provided essential support for institutions and organizations at a time when funds from government agencies have been drying up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/ hyderabad", "code": "15550804", "title": "No good tidings for Dharmana Prasadarao from Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI/ HYDERABAD: The situation in Delhi seems to be going against minister Dharmana Prasadarao, who is named accused No 5 in the chargesheet filed by CBI in the Vanpic land allotment case. According to sources, the party leadership, which is in neck-deep trouble over the 'Coalgate', is unlikely to entertain the demand of state ministers to reject Dharmana's resignation.The high command is expected to hold consultations with CM Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana in the next couple of days on the issue. Sources said the party had already asked the PCC president to be available in Delhi. The CM is expected to get a call on his return from the West Godavari district tour.According to a senior party leader in Delhi, the party had made up its mind on the resignation of Dharmana. \"In the present situation, allowing a chargesheeted minister to continue in the cabinet is highly impossible. Since Dharmana has tendered his resignation voluntarily, it is better for CM to accept it,\" the leader told STOI. Even though there is support for him from all quarters, Dharmana who was once touted as chief ministerial candidate, the political situation in the national capital is not conducive for him, the leader said. In the backdrop of coal scam, the rejection of the 'tainted' minister's resignation is improbable.Meanwhile, pressure is growing on the party not to accept Dharmana's resignation. The CM's cabinet has expressed its solidarity with the minister while Rajya Sabha MP KVP Ramachandra Rao and Srikakulam MP Killi Kruparani are said to be lobbying in Delhi to bail him out. Kruparani is said to have already met Ghulam Nabi Azad and Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmad Patel on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556290", "title": "Hypertension among children on the rise", "text": "Hypertension is not an adult disease anymore. Even school children are reporting with high blood pressure and stress. They have to be put on medication for BP control and lifestyle change is advised in other cases. City doctors say that high prevalence of obesity among children and consumption of junk food that are high in salt is a major cause for secondary hypertension being seen in the teens. Blood pressure related problems in infants are due to another medical condition including kidney disease.\"Higher fat and salt intake, lower fruit and vegetable intake, and lower physical activity are the main reason behind the significant increase in hypertension cases in children. We get many patients as young as 12 year old with high blood pressure and related symptoms,\" said Dr Anoop Misra, head of Department of Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, Fortis Group of Hospitals. He said that hypertension is prevalent among six per cent of the capitals school-going children. Doctors say that high blood pressure doesn't often cause symptoms, though some children with high blood pressure may experience headaches and blurred vision.\"Obesity among school children is prevalent, which puts them at risk for hypertension. Commonly, we advise lifestyle changes, including a heart-healthy diet and exercise. If the child's blood pressure doesn't decrease after trying lifestyle changes, then blood pressure medication can be recommended,\" said Dr Sanjeev Bagai, senior consultant paediatrician and CEO and Dean Radiant Life. He said that if the child's high blood pressure is caused by obesity, losing weight may eliminate the need for medication.To control the salt intake, children should be restricted from eating salty snacks, such as chips or pretzels and limit the amount of fast food. \"One should encourage physical activity. Most children need at least 30 to 60 minutes of physical activity a day,\" said another senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15553277", "title": "Bangladeshi migrant issue must be looked at from humane angle: Babulal Marandi", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Appealing to all political parties to refrain from playing petty politics over the recent wave of violence in Assam, former Jharkhand chief minister and leader of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) Babulal Marandi said no inhuman step should be taken against Bangladeshi settlers in the country. Marandi said Bangladeshis were forced to leave their country owing to lack of job opportunities and came to India in search of a livelihood.He said the issue should be looked at from an humanitarian angle. \"The country as a whole should adopt a more humanitarian approach to the whole problem. We should avoid hawkish stand on the Bangladeshi migrants issue and its link to the clashes in Assam,\" said Marandi talking to the media in the Circuit House late on Friday. Marandi, was flanked by local MP, Dr Ajay Kumar and party's central committee secretary Abhay Singh.The former Union minister and MP, who is on a statewide tour to galvanize party cadres for the proposed gherao of the state secretariat in Ranchi September 3 over the displacement issue, reiterated his demand for a commission for delivering justice to the people displaced by various industrial projects across the state. \"The irony is that people who have donated their land to industries are not even getting clean water to drink let alone, adequate compensation,\" said Marandi, adding that fruits of development have failed to reach to the common people, particularly those residing in the rural periphery.The former CM said that more than 25 lakh people in the state are on the verge of displacement due to inappropriate and visionless policies of the incumbent regime in Jharkhand. Condemning the Arjun Munda government as anti-people, Marandi predicted the current dispensation would \"die a premature death\".He said: \"BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, JMM chief Shibu Soren and his son Hemant can count the remaining days of the Munda government. It is just a matter of time before the Munda regime, which has failed on all fronts, goes.\" The JVM chief on Saturday visited adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district to galvanize party activists for the Ranchi agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552131", "title": "BPL families to be treated free at NMCH", "text": "Patna: The state government on Friday launched free treatment for BPL families under the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) at Nalanda Medical College and Hospital ( NMCH) here. This came close on the heels of inauguration of the scheme at Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) on August 14.The scheme aims to cover BPL families having not more than five members. The insurance sum is Rs 30,000 of which the Union government pays 75% while the Bihar government pays the rest 25%. The insured family will have to pay Rs 30 for preparation of smart card under the scheme.Inaugurating the scheme, state labour minister Janardan Prasad Sigriwal said, \"Now onwards, no poor people will die for want of treatment. They will be provided treatment free of cost.\"However, there are some discrepancies in the BPL cards issued earlier for the rectification of which an office has been opened on the hospital premises where people with defects in cards can bring them for modification.Under the scheme, if any medical investigation or medicine is not available at the hospital, the patient can procure medicine or get the test done from outside the hospital on prescription of doctors, payment for which will be made by an agency chosen for the purpose. Again, the patient would be paid transportation cost at Rs 100 per day for five days along with free medicine for five days after discharge from the hospital. The income accruing from making smart cards would be disbursed in the ratio of 75:25 between the patient welfare committee, and the doctors and other paramedical staff.Chief minister Nitish Kumar had on August 20, 2008, launched the ambitious NHIS meant for labourers in unorganized sector living below the poverty line in eight districts of the state.These districts were Patna, Bhagalpur, Muzaffarpur, Gaya, Nalanda, Darbhanga, Saharsa and Purnia districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556669", "title": "Any little thing can make me miss Chris Brown, says RiRi", "text": "Rihanna is letting her guard down on the subject of her former boyfriend Chris Brown, confessing that she misses him a lot.\"I am reminded by a lot of things. A lot of good memories we had,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling talk show host Oprah Winfrey .\"By the slightest things; hotel rooms, tour venues, any little thing, music, songs, and I do miss him at times,\" she said.But the 25-year-old hip hop artist doesn't seem to be dwelling on the past too much.In fact, she seemed pretty clear about what she wanted from a boyfriend, saying: \"If I had it my way I want a man that loves me, cherishes me, values me, but they have to know my value in order to value me.\"They have to know my worth and they can only know my worth if I know my worth. I want them to respect me.\"But I want fun times! I want fun, fun times. I want laughs. I want laughs more than everything. I have everything else, all I want is a partner in crime to enjoy it with me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15551350", "title": "New DSS scheme beneficiaries paid, old ones left in the lurch", "text": "PANAJI: While more than one lakh beneficiaries of the Dayanand Social Security Scheme (DSSS), mainly economically-poor senior citizens and widows are waiting for their monthly pension of 2,000 since June this year, the newly-registered ones since the new government came to power in March this year, have been issued cheques.Sources said that those depending on the monthly benefit have been making frequent trips to the banks for the last two months but to no avail.Admitting that the money has not been paid to the beneficiaries, an officer said that it would be done \"soon\".Meanwhile, social activist Aires Rodrigues said he has served a legal notice on the chief secretary for non-payment of DSSS money to the beneficiaries since June. He alleged that while the government has no money to pay the poor and the needy, it was splurging money on foreign trips for MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15553485", "title": "Shaking a leg to rock and bhajans", "text": "MANGALORE: It was not a rock concert, but still hundreds of youths enjoyed a \"Music Mantra,\" a unique concert with the fusion of bhajans and western music here on Saturday. The enthralling two-hour music concert was organized by YES + (Youth Empowerment Seminar) of The Art of Living (AOL) Foundation and Volunteer4Better India.Students swayed their hands at the electrifying performance by Saatvik Heights, a music band from Delhi was decked up with enormous colourful lights. Age and language was not a barrier at this musical extravaganza with children to senior citizens enjoying the songs rendered by Ankit Batra, vocalist of the band.Music buffs went crazy when Ankit started singing a bhajan \u2014 Govinda Radhe and Gopal Radhe \u2014 to the tunes of piano, tabla and guitar.The main highlight of the event was the bhajans were fusioned with western music and bollywood style music in Hindi, Urdu, Sanskrit and other languages to the sounds of guitar.Speaking to STOI, AOL media co-ordinator BNR Rao said that the motto of organizing the music concert blending with rock music was to show that music can be enjoyed without drugs and alcohol.Vivek Naik, a software professional, came from Bangalore to witness the concert. He said: \"I have been attending these kinds of concerts by AOL. The best part about this concert is it's not like a regular rock concert. Rock music increases our blood pressure and takes us high, but the fusion of bhajans with the blend of rock music calms our mind.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15552511", "title": "Smuggling of pan masala rampant", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The ban on sale and storage of pan masala and its variants has opened up new avenues for smugglers, who charge exorbitant rates for the banned goods from addicts who find it difficult to survive without them.The food safety authorities in the city have seized around 100 kg of pan masala in raids after the ban came into effect on May 25 last. And both the city police and the railway police have registered a number of cases for smuggling and sale of these products.However, petty shops in the city, which sell these smokeless tobacco products clandestinely, are making a lot of money on account of the ban. They get the banned substances from agents of smuggling rackets based in neighbouring states.These shops charge addicts more than tenfold the original rate of the banned products. One packet of Hans, weighing 12 gm, which used to be sold for Rs 3 a packet, now costs Rs 20 to Rs 30.The chief food inspector of Kozhikode, Muhammed Rafi, said the ban had increased the smuggling of such products. \"Raids are being conducted, and special squads of the health department have registered nearly 50 cases for violating the ban order,\" he said. In July alone, police registered 15 cases after seizing pan masala from various parts of the city.Large quantities of such tobacco are being frequently seized at Kozhikode railway station also. Railway police seized 9,010 packets of pan masala at Kozhikode station last week. On Friday, 16,500 packets were seized.Police have traced the origin of these parcels to Chennai. The pan masala bundles reached Kozhikode station by Chennai Mail, Yaswanthpur Express and West Coast Express.Police said the smuggling rackets were based mainly in Coimbatore and Chennai. \"We are now on the look out for the agents of the racket in the city and traders here who buy the banned products from them,\" he said.Along with the police, special squads of the excise department are also conducting raids even though the department does not have power to register cases in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15552893", "title": "Gutka hoarding starts in north Gujarat", "text": "PALANPUR: The announcement made by chief minister Narendra Modi regarding ban on sale of gutka in the state from September 11 has started showing its effect in north Gujarat as its prices have started sky rocketing.Pouches of gutka are already being sold at a premium of 80 to 100 per cent. Sources say that the commodity is being hoarded by sellers who would later make profits from its sale. A branded gutka that was sold for Rs 80 for 60 pieces in the wholesale market is costs Rs 120 in Himmatnagar.\"The addiction of gutka is simply too great. It would be sold even after the ban comes into effect,\" said Dhirubhai Chauhan, a former addict.It is being pointed that instead of buying it across the counter people would be buying under it. The only thing that will change will be the price which will increase manifold.The general perception is that police would have a tough time nabbing those selling the banned product. Sources said that after Modi's announcement, large scale hoarding has started keeping in mind the forthcoming fairs in the region.Sources said that ahead of Bhadarvipunam Mela at Ambaji in Bansaktha, truckloads are being unloaded. Police officials said, \"We are helpless as it is not a crime to purchase or sell gutka till the ban comes into effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550784", "title": "NMC to serve notice to Kanak Resources", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of heaps of garbage in north Nagpur, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on Saturday directed the NMC health department to initiate action against Kanak Resources Management - the firm entrusted with garbage removal job in corporation limit.Wardhane on Saturday morning inspected Asi Nagar zone localities including Kamptee Road, Azad Nagar, Teka, Vaishali Nagar, Sujata Nagar, Rani Durgawati Chowk, Baba Budhaji Nagar, Panchsheel Nagar, Baba Buddha Nagar, Chaar Khamba Chowk, Ashok Nagar, Gurunanakpura, Kamal Chowk, Chambhar Nala, Kashmir Galli, Lashkaribagh and expressed concern after he spotted heaps of garbage scattered on the road side and open plots. Wardhane also inspected the NMC's maternity hospital in Pachpaoli.He directed senior health officer (NMC) Dr Ashok Urkude to serve a notice to Kanak Resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "longowal", "code": "15558192", "title": "Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal to skip martyrdom day of Sant Harchand Singh Longowal", "text": "LONGOWAL: With both Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal likely to miss the martyrdom day of former SAD chief Sant Harchand Singh Longowal, it is going to be a lackluster affair after long time. Moderate Akalis term Sant Longowal as 'shanti da masiha'(apostle of peace), who had sacrificed life for peace in Punjab. Apart from Badals, no senior BJP or NDA leader has so far confirmed participation except former Hayana CM Om Parkash Chautala.Badal though had kept on skipping the martyrdom day of Sant Longowal in initial years of his(Longowal) being gunned down by militants but ever since he got power in 1997, Badal never had skipped the day. Badal had ensured the martyrdom day of Sant Longowal to be observed at state level. Even when Badal was out of power from 2002 to 2007, he kept on landing up at Longowal on August 20 to pay tributes to the departed soul. This year both CM and Dy. CM being out of India, they are likely to miss out.SAD secretary general Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa confirming the likely absence of Badals said \"as both are out of India they are likely to miss for the first time in many years\". He said though Badal had assured to come back by 19 but there seems to be little possibility. Dhindsa also said no BJP leader has confirmed participation. Sangrur DC Kumar Rahul too said \"I have no confirmation of CM or deputy CM arriving at Longowal on Monday\"Sant Longowal, who had signed the Punjab accord with then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on July 24, 1985 was gunned down by militants on August 20 at Gurdwara(Sikh temple)Akal Parkash of Sangrur' town Sherpur, when he was addressing a women conference. Surjit Singh Barnala then was elevated as Punjab chief minister and Parkash Singh Badal had kept on remaining away from anniversary but after assuming power in 1997 had started observing the anniversary at state level with hordes of BJP leaders descending on the place to pay tributes to Sant.The sacrifice of Sant Longowal for Punjab had even made then Punjab CM Amarinder Singh to observe the anniversary at state level upon gaining power in 2002 though the birth anniversary of late PM Rajiv Gandhi too falls on the day.Dhindsa said though Badals or senior NDA leadership may not arrive but Shiromani Akali Dal will pay tributes to Sant Ji in a big way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15558534", "title": "A 24-year-old tourist from Kolkata was feared drowned in Puri sea", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 24-year-old tourist from Kolkata was feared drowned after he was swept away in the sea at Puri on Sunday. The visitor Kartik Das was untraceable till evening.The mishap occurred two days after another tourist from West Bengal, Abhijit Haldar drowned while swimming on Friday. Haldar's body was found on Saturday.Das and his friends were bathing near Swargadwar beach when he was sucked into the sea. \"Some of his friends were found to be in inebriated condition. We suspected that Das too was under the influence of alcohol. Fishermen and lifeguards are searching him,\" said an officer of Sea Beach police station. Das worked in sales wing of a textile factory in Kolkata, police said. He reached Puri with his friends two days ago.Spurt in drowning incidents has become cause for concern for the Puri district administration. Sources said twelve deaths were reported so far this year. The sea claimed about thirty lives in 2011. Most of the drowning incidents occurred in the last three months of 2011. The deaths had triggered widespread resentment among tourists and hoteliers, who demanded demarcation of safety bathing zones along the seven-km sprawling beach. The government too convened a series of meetings to chalk out strategies to check the spate of drowning mishaps on beach. But nothing tangible has happened for the convenience of swimmers so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552104", "title": "Bumpy roads are here to stay", "text": "KOCHI: Don't expect a smooth ride along the city roads any time soon.They are going to remain potholed and damaged as the change in the pattern of the monsoon coupled with the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities has ensured that relaying of the roads would be delayed till the end of the year.Though PWD authorities, who had delayed awarding the work by almost five months, gave the required sanction by May, relaying couldn't be started owing to the uncertainty over rains.On the basis of the weather reports by the meteorological department, PWD scheduled the work for mid-August.\"Had it been a normal monsoon, there would have been an interval by mid-August and we could have started the work,\" said a PWD executive engineer.\"Once the resurfacing of roads is completed, it shouldn't rain for at least 15 days, or else the road would be damaged. So we are not sure if we will be able to repair the roads before November 15,\" he said.It was the high rates quoted by contractors that delayed the government giving sanction for the work. It took almost five months for the PWD tender committee to approve the rates.The government has already allotted Rs 10 crore for relaying the Palarivattom-Kakkanad Road.This amount is for repairing the stretch from Palarivattom junction to Manakkakadavu, near Veegaland, under the performance guarantee scheme. By May end, PWD also awarded the work of the Guest House-BTH Road, Shanmugham Road, Foreshore Road and High Court Road.The work on the 14 roads PWD took over from Kochi Corporation has also not been completed. PWD wasn't able to finalize the agency that should carry out the work. Finally in May, it entrusted the work to Kerala State Construction Corporation. But it hasn't been able to complete relaying of these roads so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15553513", "title": "Dakshina Kannada has always welcomed northeast students", "text": "MANGALORE: Students from northeast have been visiting Karnataka to pursue various courses for several years. However, most are unaware that undivided Dakshina Kannada district is second home for over 1,000 northeast students as apart from providing academic facilities there are certain educational institutions which conduct exclusive events for northeast students.Alva's Education Foundation (AEF), situated in Moodbidri, has the highest number of northeast students in undivided Dakshina Kannada. Of the 300 northeast students in AEF, most of them are Manipuris. Interestingly AEF's undergraduate college, affiliated to Mangalore University, is the only college in the state which offers Manipuri as an optional language. Additionally, AEF also has one Manipuri teaching faculty.AEF campus offers its students a homely feeling by organizing a northeast day, a cultural programme for northeast students. The educational institute has adopted around 50 poor Manipuri students and also has 30 Manipuri artists who teach Manipuri arts like pung choloms, ras lilas and other Manipuri art forms In every AEF events, Manipuri arts are performed to nurture its culture.The city-based St Aloysius College has formed an Overseas and NE Indian Students Association (ONESA). Nearly 100 NE students are studying in St Aloysius and the college organizes a meeting for them every month to solve their problems. It also organizes programs on the occasion of Christmas and fresher's day for ONESA students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "notwithstanding vital issues like the delayed monsoon, insufficient rainfall, water scarcity, deficit in the forthcoming kharif crop yield and health delivery problems in the district, the nashik zilla parishad (zp) is in an unusual quandary", "code": "15552121", "title": "Zilla Parishad to face a culinary crisis?", "text": "Notwithstanding vital issues like the delayed monsoon, insufficient rainfall, water scarcity, deficit in the forthcoming Kharif crop yield and health delivery problems in the district, the Nashik Zilla Parishad (ZP) is in an unusual quandary: Footing the food bill during meetings.The ZP conducts meetings regularly in its headquarters, with elected members, officials and mediapersons attending it. There are 73 members elected to the ZP and 15 heads of the Panchayat Samitis from the 15 tehsils, taking the tally to 88. Besides, there are officials and employees from all the ZP departments as well as the media corp.Approximately, about 250 to 300 persons attend the ZP meetings. Since elected members travel from the remotest corner of the district for the meetings and have to remain present for the deliberations for the better part of the day alongwith employees and officials, the ZP has to make arrangements for food.According to an archaic provision in the rulebook, the ZP is permitted to spend upto Rs 50 per head on culinary activity on such occasions. However, considering that the expenses to be borne for providing tea, coffee, snacks and lunch for those attending meeting are much more than the stipulated limit, the ZP is finding it difficult to foot the food bills.The ZP has the options of approaching the government to get the financial ceiling raised or meticulously controlling unwanted people from having free meals at the cost of the public exchequer or curbing wastage of food. However, the ZP is planning to pass on the additional financial burden to officials who are Heads of Departments (HoDs).While some HoDs have no issues with doling out money to foot the food bills, there are some who are not comfortable with it. There are voices of dissent among officials, particularly those who feel that they would be unduly taxed for something which is not their responsibility as employees of the ZP.Dissenting voices are yet to be heard officially, and a formal decision is yet to be taken. ZP bosses are, apparently, not thinking of reducing the number of people attending the meeting or curtailing the menu. The issue has the potential of blowing up into a culinary crisis, thereby jeopardizing decision-making on crucial issues of interest to the residents of Nashik district.Resting on laurelsNotwithstanding the inertia in the management of civic affairs for the past six months, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) is still resting on its laurels and its boisterous leaders are yet to wake up from their slumber to come to terms with reality.The civic polls were held on February 16 this year, with the MNS emerging as the single-largest party in the hung house. After a month of political parleys, on March 15, the MNS assumed office in alliance with the BJP (that jettisoned its long-term ally, the Sena), wresting power from the Shiv Sena.Since then, MNS leaders, including their chief Raj Thackeray , have been resting on their laurels as it is the first time they have come to power ever, albeit in a civic body. The new rulers are yet to approve the civic budget for 2012-13. The couple of decisions taken by them so far have been more to do with politics than anything else: to reject an old proposal by the Sena to insure municipal school students; and to end private collection of octroi by a contractor appointed by the Sena.There are other important civic issues including garbage collection, sewage disposal, water scarcity, cleansing of Godavari, potholes and Thackeray's pet project Goda Park lying in shambles. But the new clan of rulers is taking its own time using pretexts like the election code of conduct being in force for MLC polls and paying homage to departed leaders at NMC meetings followed by adjournments.Thackeray visited Nashik earlier this week and, as the chief of the party in power, promised better civic amenities, manifesting a common quality among ruling politicians\u2014 of making promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552020", "title": "Cancer awareness workshop today", "text": "INDORE: A workshop on cancer awareness and 'How to Become a Volunteer' will be held at Town Hall, Mhow on Sunday, August 19 from 2 pm to 5 pm. The workshop is organized by the Indian Institute of Head and Neck Oncology (Indore Cancer Foundation) in association with Cantonment Board Mhow.The workshop will be conducted by a team of doctors led by Dr Digpal Dharker will be open to all. A press release of the institute said some 6 lakh cases of cancer are being detected every year in India.The workshop aims to make the general public aware about cancer and to remove myths about it.Certificates will be provided to all participants. On the spot registration will be done at the Town Hall Mhow from 1 p.m. onwards.Registration fee: Rs 100 per person (Rs 50 for students).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556304", "title": "Herbal treatment for heart disease in offing?", "text": "The answer to the treatment and management of chronic heart failure may lie in Aurveda, say AIIMS doctors. A multi-disciplinary team of cardiologists and pharmacologists at the premier institute are investigating to scientifically prove the efficacy of capsule containing the stem bark of terminalia arjuna - a medicinal plant used by Ayurvedic physicians since ages - to treating the disease as. The animal trials and pre-clinical safety trials on human beings have been completed successfully and the result of human trials, which is under process, is encouraging, the doctors said.\"Human trials have been on more than 20, mild to moderate, heart failure patients after taking due consent and required permission. Till date, we have not found any serious side effect,\" said a doctor involved with the project. He said that total 100 such patients will be reviewed over the to see the effect of this herbal medicine. In this randomized trial, the heart failure patients coming for treatment are divided into two subgroups and administered the capsules containing the herbal medicine or placebo without telling them. The improvement or side-effects are then studied on routine basis.Said Dr S K Maulik, the principal investigator for this project, \"We have working on this project for more than 10 years. The animal trials and pre-clinical safety were completed successfully in year 2006 and now the human trials are on. But any detail on the success of the project cannot be divulged before its completion.\" He said that high-end scientific procedures including microscopic verification of the sample of arjuna bark, botanical authentication and chemical finger printing are being used to ensure a fool-proof system for the trials. Maulik said, according to the animal trials conducted, the arjuna capsules helped in improving the symptoms and preventing the progression of heart failure by augmenting the endogenous cardiac anti-oxidants and induction of heat-shock proteins.According to Dr Y K Gupta, the head of the pharmacology department at AIIMS, the drug terminalia Arjuna has been used in Ayurveda for cardiac ailments since ancient times. Arjuna is a dense and tall tree and has long, cone shaped round leaves and a white bark used in medicines. The tree is indigenous to India though it is also found in Myanmar and Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15551092", "title": "Muslim leaders bat for Arup Patnaik", "text": "A section of Muslim leaders has opposed MNS chief Raj Thackeray's demand for suspension of police commissioner Arup Patnaik. \"He stopped the riots from spiraling into a communal carnage. Such officers should be feted, not criticized ,\" said Farid Shaikh of Mumbai Aman Committee. Maulana Mahmood Daryabadi of All India Ulema Council and Haroon Mozawala of All-India Muslim Personal Law Board echoed similar views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552856", "title": "Scientists say that our sun is too round", "text": "Amystery surrounds the shape of the sun - it is just too perfectly round, say scientists.In fact the sun turns out to be one of the roundest objects ever measured.Scaled down to the size of a beach ball, the difference between the sun's widest and narrowest diameters would be far less than the width of a human hair. Having no solid surface, the sun's rotation should make it slightly flattened .But the new measurements show that the flattening is much smaller than expected. Scientists analysed data from the Solar Dynamics Observatory satellite which is studying the sun. Previously it was thought that the shape of the sun varied in cycles, but the new findings show it is remarkably constant.Lead researcher Dr Jeff Kuhn, from the University of Hawaii , said: \"For years we've believed our fluctuating measurements were telling us that the sun varies, but these new results say something different. While just about everything else in the sun changes along with its 11-year sunspot cycle, the shape doesn't .\" The research is published in Science Express.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551101", "title": "IIM-A revamps Confluence to deal with downturn woes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The economic downturn will dominate Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A)'s international business summit \u2014 Confluence 2012.To be held this year from November 30 to December 2, the flagship business summit of the institute has been revamped to reflect the expectations from the management students in the current business scenario. Several events at the summit have been modified to reflect the economic turmoil and engage students in insightful discussions on the situation.With the theme \"Changing winds: New Paradigms of Leadership,\" Confluence 2012 aims to bring together industry leaders, policymakers, inspiring personalities, budding entrepreneurs and the student community at one platform. Confluence will attract participation from around 200 colleges in India as well as many international universities.\"A reflection of the turbulent economic times, the theme reflects the need for changes in society, politics and economy worldwide and need for new benchmarks for leadership in all fields,\" said Narendra Singh Yadav, secretary, Confluence 2012.Based on the theme, the institute introduced new events this year like bond market and commercial loan simulation event to test understanding of finance concepts and understanding of markets. The other new event is Technopreneur, where participants need to provide a technology innovation and then students of IIM-A will guide them to take their innovation at a commercial level. IIM-A will continue its hugely popular events like Masterplan, Mousetrap, Bizzquizitive and Corporate Combat this year.\"As the world goes through these aches and pains of change, some questions become poignant in our minds \u2014 as future business leaders, what will be our role in shaping our world? What kind of a generation of leaders will it take to tackle problems of inclusive growth, sustainable growth amidst challenges posed by uncertainties like economic uncertainty, political uncertainty and environmental uncertainty?,\" said Yadav.On August 11, IIM-A launched Confluence 2012 with International Case Masters (ICM), a case writing competition. A flagship event of Confluence, ICM aims to promote case writing among students, researchers and faculty members with a prize money of Rs 1.8 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15551018", "title": "All-party Vidarbha meet for homage to Deshmukh", "text": "NAGPUR: Politicians from Vidarbha will come together on one platform to pay homage to the departed former CM and Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh on Sunday at the Deshpande Hall at 2pm.BJP national president Nitin Gadkari will be present along with several of his party men, including MLAs. The NCP, RPI and other party leaders are also attending the meeting in large numbers. \"The decision to hold an all-party 'shradhanjali' was taken spontaneously the day he expired,\" said city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta.CM Prithviraj Chavan was invited but he has expressed inability to reach the city because of prior engagements. However, MPCC president Manikaro Thakre, AICC in-charge of Maharashtra Mohan Prakash, city MP Vilas Muttemwar would be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ajmerbikanerjodhpur", "code": "15551500", "title": "Student union elections: Voting peaceful in districts", "text": "AJMERBIKANERJODHPUR: Minor scuffles, stone pelting incidents, lathi charge and massive victory rallies marked the student union elections in the districts on Saturday. The polls were by and large peaceful.In Jodhpur, tension gripped the K N Girls College in the morning when three different student unions came face to face with each other in a heated environment. A boy associated with one of the unions slapped a girl from another union, which triggered stone pelting among them, in which one student and a policeman were injured. The police dispersed the mob after resorting to a mild lathi charge. That apart, the student union elections of the Jai Narayan Vyas University in Jodhpur were peaceful, recording a polling turnout of around 52%. Massive victory rallies were organised in Ajmer after the results were announced for the Maharishi Dayanand Sarswati University. The two political students' organisations received a mixed response with Mohit Jain of ABVP being elected as president and Lokendra Singh of NSUI being elected as vice president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554911", "title": "University wasn't easy, says Emma Watson", "text": "Emma Watson has admitted that her first years at Brown University \"weren't easy\" because she didn't get to spend a lot of time with one group of people.The 22-year-old actress, who began her studies at the university in 2009, claimed that the American establishment was really tough, Contactmusic reported.\"My first two years at Brown weren't easy, not because I was bullied or because anyone gave me a particularly hard time, but just because, you know, without the collegiate system and at Brown everyone does completely different things and very much chooses their own path, which is great, but it's also much more difficult, too,\" she said.\"You're not with a group of people all the time at one time,\" the star said.The British star, who completed her third year at Oxford University recently, shot to fame after playing Hermione Granger in the 'Harry Potter' film series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552163", "title": "Traffic woes refuse to ease", "text": "Patna: Patnaites continue to have a harrowing time as the chaotic traffic condition in the city refuses to get any better. During daytime, including the peak hours in the morning and evening, main roads of the city are chock-a-block with vehicles moving at a snail's pace. At crossings, serpentine queues of vehicles waiting for the green signal are a common sight. Vehicles parked at the no-parking zones are also adding to the traffic problem.Traffic cops said in the entire Bailey Road stretch between Dak Bungalow crossing and Hartali Chowk, hundreds of cars, commercial vehicles and autorickshaws get stuck in the traffic for hours. Conditions on Boring Road, Station Road and Ashok Rajpath are no better due to the cascading effect of the road jam on connecting roads.No wonder, traffic cops are a harassed lot, more so as people very often show complete disregard for traffic rules. Traffic SP Chandrika Prasad said, \"The numbers of vehicles are growing but the roads and infrastructure is the same. Traffic police are strict about overtaking of vehicles as it could prevent the chaotic condition on roads.\"City SP Jayant Kant said, \"Police have to handle a lot of agitations in different parts of the city. But the police have to remain calm and polite while managing such situations, which is a big challenge.\"A traffic official, who did not wish to be identified, said, \"We have our own limitations which we are not supposed to cross. It seems residents have decided not to pay any heed to the traffic rules. How are we supposed to manage them?\"District transport officer (DTO) Dinesh Kumar Rai said, \"Every month, around 7,000 vehicles are registered at our office. And more than 50,000 driving licenses are issued every year.\" The increasing number of vehicles on the city roads is making traffic management tougher, he added.Shankar Lal, an airport employee, blamed traffic officials for the traffic mismanagement in the city. He said unlike other big cities, traffic management was very bad in Patna. \"There is no proper parking space, traffic flow gets miserable during peak hours and common space for both slow and fast vehicles makes the situation worse. For this, only traffic authorities are to be blamed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552613", "title": "CM appoints two political secretaries", "text": "BANGALORE: After succumbing to political pressure and appointing two deputy chief ministers for which there is no provision in the Constitution, chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday appointed two political secretaries for himself.Two MLAs, - K Shivannagouda Naik from Devdurg in Raichur district and Shankar Patil Munenakoppa from Navalgund in Dharwad - who are close to him, were appointed CM's political secretaries. According to an amendment to the Constitution which stipulates that size of the ministry should not exceed 15 per cent of the total strength of the assembly, Karnataka can have only 34 ministers.Appointing political secretaries is seen to placate those who were aspirants for a cabinet berth and could not make it. Both the secretaries will be entitled to all perks of a minister.The government also made minor reshuffle among top IPS ranks. Prashanth Thakur has been posted as IGP (administration), Bangalore City police. Amarkumar Pandey has been appointed as IGP, central range; K Ramachandra Rao as IGP, southern range, Malini Krishnamurthy as IGP, KSRP and A Padmanayana as police commissioner, Hubli-Dharwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553239", "title": "Jharkhand gutkha ban tangled in law loopholes", "text": "RANCHI: Even as states across the country have declared war on cancerous 'gutkha' -- eight states have banned their manufacture, storage and sale -- the cartel working behind the Rs 15,000-crore industry in the country is effectively exploiting the loopholes in the law. With Jharkhand issuing a ban on manufacture storage and sale of pan masala and 'gutkha' in July, law enforcement agencies conducted raids on premises of 'gutkha' traders and vendors confiscating huge stocks of the banned product. Soon after, chains of the colourful sachets vanished from the betel shops only to be sold in the black market.Within a week of the ban being imposed in Jharkhand, 'gutkha' manufacturers and traders explored loopholes in the law and today the 'gutkha' market in Jharkhand is reviving again with manufacturers selling plain pan masala in one sachet and tobacco (zarda) in another free of cost. The ban broadly applies to pan masala and 'gutkha' but in specific terms plain pan masala or any product devoid of tobacco and nicotine is not banned. The state government issued the ban order under Centre's Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA) which says \"tobacco and nicotine shall not be used as ingredients in any food product\". This critical Central order gave legal standing to the state governments to act against consumption of the product.Director food safety of the state health department TP Burnwal said based on FSSA, state notified ban on food products that contain tobacco or nicotine. \"The ban applies to 'paan masala' or 'gutkha' given the condition it contains tobacco or nicotine,\" he said. Asked if sale of tobacco or 'zarda' was also banned, he said they were not considered food item.The manufacturers have now started selling their well established 'gutkha' brands in the same name after removing the tag of 'gutkha' because the tobacco component ('zarda') is being given separately in a different sachet.Ranjit , a vendor, said the ban which pushed 'gutkha' to the black market and increased its price was being accepted by customers easily for Rs 2 per pouch now in place of the old price of Re 1. \"Once the addicts started paying Rs 5-8 for one sachet in black market the new scheme of tobacco component free with a sachet of 'pan masala' for Rs 2 is readily acceptable to customers,\" he said.The fight for ban on 'gutkha' started ever since doctors found sufficient proof to correlate oral cancer and 'gutkha' chewing habits.Voluntary health association of India ( VHAI) (one of the key organizations campaigning for ban on gutkha) state secretary Rameshwar Singh said they were trying to create awareness among masses and would appeal to the government to see that gutkha doesn't take a grip on youngsters by being made available in its new avatar in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551114", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav assures action against rioters", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after violence erupted in different parts of Uttar Pradesh during protests by Muslim organisations against alleged 'atrocities on Muslims' in Assam and Myanmar, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday assured that anti-social elements responsible for the violence will not be spared and urged people not to pay heed to rumours. However, Yadav gave clean chit to the police officials who initially remained a mute spectator, allowing the miscreants to go on a rampage.The CM issued statement after a reviewing the situation at a meeting with his father and Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav. In fact, sources said that an embarrassed Mulayam 'summoned' his son and expressed anger over the way things were handled by the top brass of the administration during the violence and the situation, which eventually led to crisis. If party leaders are to be believed, Mulayam was angry that no concrete effort was made to set in a sense of ease amongst the Muslim community.In Lucknow, the violence appeared to be a pre-planned move to disturb the communal amity. Though there were intelligence reports about possibilities of violence, district administration did not take precautionary measures. Similar reports were received from Allahabad and Kanpur, which were also hit by violence. However, chief minister said that the concerned officials handled the situation tactically and prevented a 'full-fledged' communal violence.Only two days ago SP had expelled chairman of Shia Waqf board, Wasim Rizvi, who reportedly had locked horns with Shia cleric Kalbe Jawwad. Rizvi's expulsion positioned SP to bridge the gap with Jawwad who has been accusing SP of ignoring Muslims interests. Jawwad had even threatened to stage a protest soon after the Alvida ki Namaz.In response, Mulayam is reported to have sent SP's North India coordinator, Sikandar Rizvi, a Shia and a former lieutenant of BSP founder Kanshi Ram to meet Jawwad and apprise him of the party stand. Rizvi was accompanied by a member of Shia Waqf board, Haider Naqvi. It was after 45 minutes of conversation between Jawwad and Rizvi that the Shia cleric eased out. At the same time, Wasim Rizvi was shown the door and proceedings initiated to dissolve the committee of the Shia Waqf Board. While Sikandar refused to say anything, Naqvi termed the meeting with Jawwad as 'extremely cordial'.\"There are only a few demands (of Jawwad), which we expect the party to agree,\" Naqvi said.However, just when things appeared to settle in, violence broke out in the old city area on Friday and the mob went berserk - damaging public and private property and attacking mediapersons. The incident not only painted the Lucknow's culture in a poor light, but also raised a question mark over state machinery to keep a tab on miscreants.The incident also gave ammunition to the opposition to attack SP government on deteriorating law and order in the state and communal flare ups after it came to power five months ago. Besides Friday's violence in Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad, clashes took place in Bareilly, Pratapgarh and Mathura. In fact, curfew is still in place in some areas of Bareilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554262", "title": "Shankar\u2019s I is Manoharudu in Telugu", "text": "Director Shankar's new film \"I\" has been titled as Manoharudu for the Telugu version. Sources say that Shankar has registered Manoharudu title at Film Chamber of Commerce. The film, which has Vikram and Amy Jackson in the lead roles, is produced by Aascar Ravichandran.In Tamil 'I' means beauty, king, vulnerability (softness/gentleness) etc while Manoharudu means handsome guy. This is the second time Shankar and Vikram are teaming up after \"Aparichitudu\" (2005), which was also produced by Aascar Ravichandran.AR Rahman is scoring the music while P C Sriram cranks the camera. Peter Ming of China along with Anal Arasu will choreograph the action scenes. The film will have dialogues written by Suba (Suresh and Bala) while Rising Sun Pictures (RSP) (of Harry Potter fame) will oversee the VFX works. Mary Vogt of \"Men in Black\" fame will be the costume designer. The film has already commenced first schedule of shooting in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554457", "title": "Vishal\u2019s next with Boopathy Pandian", "text": "Actor Vishal, who is currently busy shooting for Samar with Thiru and Madha Gadha Raja with Sundar C, has signed his next with director Boopathy Pandian. Touted to be an action comedy, the film will go on floors in November.Confirming the news, the director says, \"I recently met Vishal for a casual chat, and that's when I told him a one-liner of a script I was working on. He was interested, and asked me to narrate the entire story immediately. I did so, and Vishal was hooked.\"He adds, \"He gave his consent immediately, and the official process was completed within a week. Michael Rayappan (of Nadodigal fame) will be producing this film.\"Interestingly, Vishal and Boopathy have earlier worked together in Malaikottai . The filmmaker says that unlike their previous film, this one will be a thorough comic entertainer, laced with action.He states, \"After I opted out of the Gopichand-Nayanthara movie, I started working on this script. Vishal was the first person to hear the knot, and he was thrilled about it. We will begin shooting from November 1, and the schedules will be held in Tirunelveli, Karaikudi and Trichy among other locations.\"The unit is talks with a couple of leading actresses, and an official announcement is likely to be made by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551178", "title": "Confirmed: Palace tampered with on the sly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state archaeology department has now confirmed that Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) never approached it before carrying out renovation activities.\"SVPMS has made no representation before us. Neither has the society submitted a plan for renovation, alteration or repair before us. I checked with my office and have found no such application from the society,\" says director of state archeology department Y S Rawat.Sources in the department claim that if the society has not taken any permission then it will be a clear violation of the notification by which the palace was handed to the society. \"Though Moti Shahi palace was de-listed by Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), the state government recognized the archaeological and historic importance of the building. This is reflected in the August 1979 notification. The roads and building department and the revenue department each have a copy of the notification,\" said an archaeology department official.The official also adds that after consultation with the roads and building department and revenue department, a show-cause notice will be issued to the society for the extra construction at the palace complex. \"The notification is very clear that sole responsibility for conservation and preservation of the palace will of the society,\" says the official.The notification referred to here is was passed on August 18, 1979, by which the government mandated that the property be solely utilized for activities related to interpreting Sardar Patel's life and his contribution to the nation. \"Though there are plans to involve cafeterias, food courts and bookstores in the palace complex as it is set in an ideal location, along the Sabarmati riverfront. We are trying to determine whether the place can be used for these commercial activities,\" says a senior revenue department official.On August 14, 1978, the Moti Shahi palace ceased to be the official governor's house and was handed over to the society for a price of Rs 57.23 lakh. \"Its very rare that the government sells a property to a particular trust or society. Moti Shahi palace was one such rare case. The society has been enjoying exemption from all municipal taxes as well. For this large property and building the society pays nothing to the municipal corporation,\" says the official.The notification also insisted that responsibility for preservation and repair will be solely be the responsibility of SVPMS. It also stated that if in the future the SVPMS decided to wind up its activity, the state government would take possession of the palace. The society was not allowed to demolish the structure or sell the property to any individual, according to this notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552500", "title": "Wrong notions dispelled about speed governor", "text": "BHOPAL: The myths and misconceptions associated with speed governors in the mind of school authorities are unfounded as the speed governors have been designed to check the speed of the engine. Besides, speed of not just school buses but all forms of transport carrying schoolchildren, including school vans and Tata Magic cabs should be regulated.Talking to TOI, R K Mandloi, assistant professor with the mechanical department of MANIT, said, \"Speed governors have been designed to regulate fuel supply with respect to load and speed of the vehicle. They have been built to control the speed with respect to the topography of Bhopal. There is no way that they malfunction voluntarily.\" He went on to say that most of the time it is a localised arrangement which is why substandard governors may have been installed in the school buses and hence they are not able to check speed properly.\"Also, most of the people working with the transport department are not technically sound which results in duping. Besides, money is involved with the installation and thus many schools may be unwilling to install genuine ones,\" he said.Mandloi is going to present a power point presentation at the August 24 meeting of all the school authorities with the divisional commissioner. He would also suggest that speed of not just school buses, but all forms of transport carrying school children including school vans and Tata Magic cabs should be regulated.\"The design of Tata Magic is defective. Any day a disaster may happen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15553010", "title": "Heavy downpour throws Bhubaneswar out of gear", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Torrential rain across the state for the last 24 hours has not only thrown life out of gear but has also led to swelling of major rivers in the state. While urban areas like Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri are faced with water-logging, several villages have also been inundated because of excessive rainfall.According to the Met department, Phulbani recorded 225 mm of rainfall, highest in the state in the last 24 hours followed by Paradip 127mm, Chandbali 108 mm, Bhubaneswar 95.4 mm, Puri 87.4 mm and Cuttack recorded 71 mm. There is prediction of heavy to very heavy rainfall in the next 24 hours with fishermen being advised against venturing out into the sea.But the state government said there is no flood threat though rivers Bansadhara, Mahanadi, Subarnarekha, Budhabalanga, Baitarani and Brahmani are flowing close to the danger mark. \"There is no flood threat so far. However, we are observing the water-levels of Bansadhara, Brahmani and Baitarani and stopped water discharge from Hirakud. Restoration of roads submerged by the rains has already started,\" special relief commissioner P K Mohapatra said.While one person reportedly drowned after Baghamari-Simar bridge collapsed near Khurda, flood water is flowing at 5-ft height on roads of Khurda. Communication between Bhubaneswar and Naygarh was disrupted because of heavy rainfall. Similarly, road communication was disrupted at several places in Kandhmal district because of breaches and damage to culverts.Several localities in Bhubaneswar were waterlogged with water entering houses in low-lying areas. While low-lying areas in Mancheswar have been submerged with canal water gushing into the area. \"We are in knee-deep water since last night as drain water entered our houses and damaged all our belongings. But no official came to our rescue even on Saturday,\" said Ranjan Pati of Bairagi Nagar. Similar situation was witnessed in Cuttack and Puri as people have to wade through waist-deep water. But people of Baliapal and Jaleswar have got a breather because river Subarnarekha is flowing under the danger mark.In Ganjam district, the administration on Saturday shifted at least 13 families of Kalinga Padara village under Jagannath Prasad block to the safer place as the water of river Badanadi entered their localities. \"The families have been shifted to the community house in the same village. They will return to their houses after the water recedes,\" an officer said.Road communication between Bhanjanagar and Bhubaneswar was disrupted for some hours, when the water of Badanadi was flowing over the road at K.Nuagaon, sources said. Barkhama, Sudra, Rebingia, Salaguda, Landagaon and Khaman Khola panchayats under Baliguda sub-division has been cut off for the second day. Restoration work was delayed because of continuous rains, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15557843", "title": "Docs get together to say no to nuclear war", "text": "NAGPUR: If there is a nuclear war in the future, its harms would far outstretch those seen in Japan after the Second World War. It may have the potential to wipe out entire populations of the affected areas with the possibility of affecting the environment and the food supply among many other things, say medical practitioners.Indian Institute for Peace, Disarmament and Environmental Protection along with radiotherapy unit of Government Medical College and Hospital and International Physicians for Prevention of Nuclear War (IPPN) had together organized an awareness programme about the harms of nuclear warfare for medical students and doctors. A documentary film called 'A Mother's Prayer' that has footage captured immediately after the Hiroshima blasts was also screened.\"Some years ago doctors from city had visited Japan and interacted with some of the survivors of the bombings. Ever since, we have been trying to create awareness about the harms of nuclear warfare,\" said Dr Nalini Kurvey of IIPN.\"If somebody decided to use this 'power', it would not take even five minutes to create havoc. The bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki were still primitive and small when compared to the advanced armaments we have today. This means that the hazards they will create will also be of a much higher degree,\" she added.Dr Krishna Kamble, head of GMC's radiotherapy unit, said that his department supports the cause of 'No Nuclear Warfare' as they know the potent of nuclear radiation better than most people. \"The effects of this warfare would not be short term but will last much longer as the radiation continues to be in the atmosphere. It would adversely affect not just the humans and environment, but will cause disruption of transport and medical services, and a possible famine and mass starvation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551007", "title": "Pune sees sharp decline in rainfall activity", "text": "PUNE: The city received barely 5.5mm rain in the week that ended Saturday as the rainfall activity went down considerably compared to the fairly good spells of light showers received in the first two weeks of the ongoing month. Another 0.6mm rain was recorded between 8.30am and 5.30pm on Saturday.The India Meteorological Department ( IMD) has forecast no significant improvement in the situation for the next 48 hours. It has predicted a 51% to 75% probability of a few spells of light rain in the next two days. The city has now recorded 253.8mm rain since June 1 and this is still 149.6mm less than the normal rain for the season so far.Parts of south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur, and Konkan and Goa, continued to receive good rain. For instance, Mahabaleshwar in Satara district recorded 37mm rain on Saturday.The IMD's all India weather summary stated that the southwest monsoon has been vigorous over Odisha and Kerala and active over Himachal Pradesh and coastal Karnataka. However, the monsoon has subdued over Marathwada in the state, Arunchal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Uttar Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Gujarat and north interior Karnataka.The central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre, is expected to receive rains at a few places in the next 48 hours. Similarly, many places in Marathwada and Vidarbha are expected to see rain or thundershower during this period.\"A low pressure area lies over northwest Bay of Bengal and adjoining coastal areas of Odisha and West Bengal while the axis of monsoon trough is running close to the foothills of the Himalayas and the eastern parts of the country. A feeble offshore trough persists across south Maharashtra coast to Kerala coast.\"Under the influence of these conditions, more rainfall is expected in Odisha, West Bengal, Sikkim and Jharkhand, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, east Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha, Chhattisgarh, coastal Karnataka and Kerala, the official said.With 515.2mm rain received as against 614.4mm normal rain for the season till date, the country is facing a cumulative rainfall deficiency of 16% below normal rain for the season so far. In fact, the deficiency has gone up marginally from 15% below normal on August 15 to the present 16% below normal.The central Maharashtra belt remains in deficient rainfall category with 23% below normal rain. The region has received 389.7mm rain as against 509.3mm rain for the season so far. Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha regions face 16% and 10% rainfall deficiency while Marathwada region has a high deficiency of 40% below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15553025", "title": "State Pollution Control Board orders closure of Hindalco's Hirakud plant", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Pollution Control Board on Saturday ordered closure of the captive power plant (CPP) of Hindalco Industries Limited's aluminium unit at Hirakud in Sambalpur district in the wake of a breach in the company's ash pond that damaged standing crops in the locality.\"We served a closure notice on the CPP of Hindalco after the company failed to convince us about preventing ash-slurry from entering adjoining areas,\" member-secretary, SPCB, Siddhanta Das told TOI. The pollution board also directed the company to forthwith repair the breach and clean the ash from the affected areas, including Budhakata and adjoining villages.The decision followed the pollution board undertaking two inspections of the affected areas. \"Our team has reported presence of ash in the canal up to about 10 km and extensive deposit of ash on the adjoining agricultural fields,\" Das said.Das delivered his verdict after holding a meeting with the company's representatives here. Sources said during the meeting Hindalco's executives presented an action plan for dealing with ash-slurry problem but could not come up with an solution to tackle the current crisis. \"The closure direction will be in vogue till the action plan is implemented. During this period the company may draw power from the grid to run the smelter,\" Das added.Official sources said the company, which has a brownfield aluminium smelter facility having capacity 1.46 lakh ton per annum and CPP of capacity 367.5 MW, generates about 3000 ton of ash per day from its CPP.Of this, 1,000 ton are supplied to cement plants while the rest are transported by trucks (about 160 truckloads per day) and deposited as ash-mounds located at a designated place of about 12 km from the plant.Sources said old ash-mounds were stabilized through earthen cover and plantation, while a new mound, which is currently active, has a settling ditch/pond with earthen dyke to collect runoff during the rainy season. The said dyke breached on August 8, resulting in discharge of ash water to nearby agricultural fields and canal. Local people and farmers are up-in-arms over the breach.Though the company put up sand bags at the damaged portion to temporarily deal with the crisis, heavy rains on Thursday breached portion again and large volume of ash slurry flowed into adjoining fields and irrigation canal, official sources said.\"Our inspection has revealed the slope of the new mound is quite steep (much more than the prescribed norms) and there are a number of rain-cuts. The slopes have not been properly stabilized and the overall management of the mound is unsatisfactory. This has resulted in breach of the dyke,\" a pollution board officer said, adding, \"Hindalco has completely failed to ensure that ash slurry is contained in the designated area.\"The board, sources said, had in May told the company to increase the capacity of ash-dyke and stabilize the slopes of the mound before monsoon, but it had not been done. The company was yet to react to the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15545886", "title": "Taapsee at Times Biryani and Haleem Contest", "text": "For nearly a month, we have been on the run \u2014 taking a bite, chewing on it and moving on to the next big restaurant or roadside eatery \u2014 all in the quest for the best haleem and biryani in Hyderabad.And joining us in this annual rite were judges who ranged from high-brow food critics to actors who are passionate foodies first, apart from some famous Hyderabadis who know their haleem from harees! But most importantly, it was you, our reader, who helped us pick the best in the city with your votes that kept pouring in through the fortnight, both online and via SMS.On the final Judgement Day, it was a battle royale. Much to the gourmand's delight, chefs from Hyderabad's top 10 biryani outlets and top 10 haleem-makers, put up their best offerings. piping hot plates of scrumptious fare was dished out to the 700-strong guests who thronged the venue to sample the best apna city has to offer. The judges for the grand finale included prominent Hyderabadis \u2014 Faiz Khan, the great grandson of Sir Vicar-ul-Umra of the Paigah family; Mumtaz Begum, eminent food consultant and an authority on Hyderabadi cuisine; and Tollywood actress, Taapsee Pannu, who was simply floored by the Nizami food.\"Though I've been in Hyderabad for the last two years, I never got to taste the haleem. so, to be sampling the biryani and haleem from the best joints of Hyderabad, all under one roof at the same time, was a mouthwatering experience to say the least,\" the actress said.The 10 finalists in biryani and haleem cateogories were judged on the basis of five parameters \u2014 aroma, right blend of authentic spices and condiments, texture, taste and presentation. The judges' verdict was tallied with the overwhelming number of votes of Hyderabadis that poured in online and via SMSes. And soon, it was the time for what everyone had been waiting for \u2014 the results.Special Chief Secretary, for Tourism &amp; Culture, Chandana Khan and actress Taapsee Pannu took centre stage and handed out the prizes to the title winners.The celebration of Hyderabadi food went on till late evening as guests were treated to a mesmerising ghazal evening with Pankaj Udhas. The musical evening that started off on a soulful note with nazms on ishq and judaai ended in an upbeat mood with the maestro indulging the enthusiastic crowd with their favourite filmi farmaaish.WINNERS Biryani Winner \u2014 Kebabs N Kurries, ITC Kakatiya 1st Runner-up \u2014 Jewel of Nizam, Golconda 2nd Runner-up \u2014 Shah Ghouse Haleem Winner \u2014 Paradise 1st Runner-up - Kholani's 2nd Runner-up - Sarvi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15553329", "title": "\u2018Pakistani Hindus to stage dharna outside PM house if citizenship not given\u2019", "text": "JALANDHAR: All India Shiv Sena president Surinder Billa, who has been pursuing the cases of Hindus migrated from Pakistan and leading their demonstration demanding Indian citizenship, has threatened that Pak Hindus would stage a dharna outside the residence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh if the government failed to give them citizenship.\"The government of India has announced to give Hindus migrating from Pakistan long-term visas but that is not enough and there is noting new in it. Those who are already living here for the last over a decade are fed up extending visas. The Union government should grant them Indian citizenship as they are migrating from Pakistan under distress and have been left with no option,\" said Surinder Billa while speaking to TOI on Saturday.\"Visa does not solve their problems as they face lot of issues which can be solved by granting them citizenship. They don't get ration cards while they live in penury, their children face problems in getting admissions in schools and some had to leave studies midway,\" Billa argued while enumerating the problems being faced by Hindus who had already migrated from Pakistan.TOI had highlighted the predicament of Hindus who migrated to India over a decade back but their ordeal was not yet over as Indian citizenship has been eluding them. While some more Hindu families have hinted settling down here after reaching the Indian soil on visas on various pretexts, but those who are already settled here were still facing several problems. These Hindus have earlier held demonstrations in Jalanadhar to demand citizenship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550585", "title": "Kitchen confidential", "text": "HYDERABAD: The steaming plates of starters and delectable desserts crowding buffets at most hotels in the city may not really be 'freshly' prepared as is claimed on the menu. With 'recycling' fast becoming the norm, hotels are routinely seen freezing meat in blast-chillers only to cut into it for the next one week or at times longer. Storing even sauces and spices beyond their expiry dates is also not unknown.Checking these kitchens are Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials who themselves are ignorant of the rule book and go essentially by the appearance of the food, following their hunch on what is permissible and what is not.Chefs at city hotels admit that stale food is often reheated just before service but note that it is permissible to do so. Even the oil that one would assume is poured out of a clean container, especially while shelling out a fortune at a swank star facility, may have travelled through many pots and pans.\"Recycling is a done thing in most hotels. After every large gathering or buffet service, several dishes are stored away to be used later. Apart from the salad which is usually made afresh each day at star hotels, all other items including 'daal', chicken (or other meat) and desserts are kept under refrigeration. They are brought out and heated as and when there is a demand,\" said a chef with a leading star hotel on condition of anonymity.Hoteliers say it is routine to store food for later use. Roast chicken is often times served three days later with a fresh coat of seasoning. Similarly, a plate of sweets continues to make the rounds of the buffet until stocks are finally exhausted.But chefs maintain that there is nothing questionable about the practice of recycling food. \"We store cooked food at home too and do not think twice before eating it later. How does it become unsafe if done in a hotel,\" he questioned. Reputed hotels insist they are equipped with better technology and say that the rules of the game of hotel kitchens have undergone a sea change. The use of blast chillers, for instance, is now a common feature in most kitchens.\"Items like mayonnaise or sauce that has to be used repeatedly cannot be prepared just before service. Such products have to be stored for prolonged periods in appropriate chillers,\" said chef Smita Duggar of Masterchef India fame. She did, however, agree that city kitchens at times do ignore hygiene norms to use up stocks.Hotel officials maintain that they adhere to stringent rules of hygiene and their food is far from being unhealthy or adulterated. Though chefs admit to refrigeration of edibles, both raw and processed, they argue that it's done in accordance with Prevention of Food Adulteration (PFA) guidelines.\"The PFA regulations (followed by hotels nationally) clearly allow storing of food. Only, the prescribed temperatures and storage procedures need to be followed. In fact, even the ISO 22000 norms followed internationally for quality management states that stored food if reheated at an optimum temperature is fit for consumption,\" explained Mandhaar Sukhtankar, executive chef with The Park, Hyderabad.Broadly, cooked food stored at 5 degrees and re-heated at over 60 degrees before being transferred on to the plate is an accepted practice for regulatory authorities the world over. In the case of meat/fish, the heating temperatures are increased to about 73 degrees (approx). Even the time-span for refrigeration, as per these rulebooks, can range from 24 to 72 hours depending on which category \u2014 high risk or low risk \u2014 an item falls under.Reiterating the safety factor, hoteliers argue how most star facilities conform to the HACCP (hazard analysis and critical control points) standards that prescribe the most effective food safety measures. \"For several years now, we are operating in accordance with these norms. It is impossible, therefore, for our food to be anything but impeccably fresh and safe,\" said Indraneil Palit, chief executive officer of Speciality Restaurants of which Mainland China is the flagship.GHMC, entrusted with the job of overseeing hotel kitchens, has no set rules of its own. \"At the time of sanctioning a licence, the corporation does hand out a list of guidelines, but they are largely about disposing of garbage appropriately. It does not list any storage-related rules. In fact, even at the time of inspection (conducted once in six months) officials only look at how we are handling our garbage and if it is kept at a distance from our preparation area,\" said the owner of a popular restaurant in the city.GHMC officials however rubbish all the food storage norms quoted by hotels and insist that the GHMC does not allow the freezing of food for even a few hours. \"We are very particular about hygienic kitchens. No hotel is allowed to store food, especially cooked food,\" said L Vandan Kumar, additional commissioner, health and sanitation.Sounding a word of caution he said that his team would soon be cracking down on other restaurants and bars across Hyderabad to bring to book all those found flouting norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552488", "title": "Girl succumbs to burns; cousin held", "text": "BANGALORE: V Kavitha, the 10-yearold Class 5 student who was set on fire in Weavers' Colony near Hulimavu on August 16, died while undergoing treatment in Victoria Hospital on Friday night.Police arrested nine persons, including her cousin, for allegedly pouring kerosene on her and and setting her afire when she was going to school around 8.30am.DCP (South East) PS Harsha said the main accused J Harish, 32, a mason , is the victim's cousin. He'd been nurturing an old rivalry with Kavitha's father Venkatesh, a driver . He told police that nearly two years ago, Venkatesh filed a complaint with Bannerghatta police against him and his two brothers Srinivasa and Manja. The complaint alleged that the brothers had snatched a camera from him.Last year, Venkatesh and Harish had quarrelled over the installation of a Ganesha idol during the festival . Venkatesh had lodged a complaint against Harish. \"A week ago, Venkatesh threatened me that he would send all three brothers to jail. Angered by this, I committed the offence ,\" was Harish's voluntary statement to the police.Kavitha was a student of Bannerghatta Government School. She was going to school with her elder sister , when she was attacked by the gang headed by Harish. She was rushed to Victoria Hospital with 80% burns in a semi-conscious state. Kavitha told her father that the gang poured kerosene on her and was set ablaze.Venkatesh was cleaning his vehicle nearby and ran to rescue her. In his complaint to the police, he said that nearly two years ago, he lodged a police complaint against miscreants who used to collect protection money and extort money from local people.Police identified the nine arrested as: Harish, his brother J Srinivasa, 26, and their cousin G Manjunath, 28, (all three from Pillaganahalli), Y Harish , 25, M Babu alias Mari Babu, 23, M Raghu, 21, (all three from Gottigere ); V Raja, 26, from Pillaganahalli , K Ramesh, 31, and P Ramesh, 26, (both from Weavers' Colony).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551195", "title": "5 cops injured after man driving back from party hits police van", "text": "MUMBAI: A multi-utility vehicle, speeding down the Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road (JVLR) in Powai, dashed into a police van, injuring five constables early on Saturday. The police suspect it to be a case of drunk driving as a beer bottle was found in the vehicle but they are awaiting the medical report of the motorist to confirm if he was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident.According to the police, the accident occurred when the motorist, Sagar Gaikwad (27), along with his friends, was returning after a party. He has also sustained minor injuries and has been arrested for rash and negligent driving.Gaikwad (27), along with four of his friends, drove down from Navi Mumbai to Juhu beach late on Friday to party. He told the police that all his friend lived at Digha in Airoli and they decided to visit Juhu beach on Friday night. After partying, they took the JVLR to return home, when it started raining heavily. Around 3.45am on Saturday, as their vehicle reached Powai, Gaikwad lost control and dashed into the police van parked by the road, he told the police. According to the police, a team from the Powai police station had gone to the spot after they were informed by the western control room about a cement mixer having turned on the stretch. Constables Kalyan Mandalik (55), Sridhar Sawakande (45), B D Dhagde (44), Tukaram Yadav (44) and Sudhir Pandit had gone to inspect the cement-mixer. Dhagde and Yadav were on the road, while the remaining three were seated inside the police wireless Jeep when the MUV rammed into the vehicle, said the police, adding that all the five constables were injured, three of them seriously.Immediately after the mishap, Gaikwad's friends escaped from the spot but he could not. Passersby took the injured policemen as well as Gaikwad to hospital, where three of the constables have been admitted. Gaikwad will be produced before the holiday court on Sunday.The police recovered a beer bottle from the MUV, which had traces of sand on it, conforming the fact that the group had gone to a beach. The officers also found vessels containing food in the backseat of the car, which they said, indicated that the group had gone for a pre-planned party. \"We are examining under what circumstances the accident took place. We are asking the accused from where he was coming and who else were with him when the mishap occurred,\" senior inspector of Powai police station Bajirao Bhosle said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550782", "title": "Medical student gets Rs 4 lakh compensation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Coming down heavily on the authorities for functioning in a whimsical manner and for jeopardizing the valuable academic year of a medical student, Justice C V Nagarjuna Reddy of the AP high court on Friday directed the principal secretary, BC welfare department, and NTR Health University to pay a compensation of Rs 2 lakh each to the student within one month apart from reserving him a PG medical seat in the next academic year.\"He need not write the entrance examination next year as he was qualified in the test this year and was denied a seat purely on account of official apathy,\" the judge observed.The judge gave these directions after hearing the plea of M Abdul Amzad Khan of Medak who was unduly denied admission to medical PG course in the current academic year on the pretext of verifying the veracity of his BC (E) status.The verification officer of the state government attached to the NTR varsity raised doubts about the authenticity of the student's status. Instead of verifying the claims himself, the official placed the burden of proof on the student. The university failed to act till the admissions were over.Though revenue officials have confirmed that Amzad Khan's BC (E) status is genuine, the varsity cannot accommodate the student in any college as any such move runs contrary to the Medical Council of India rules.Justice Nagarjuna Reddy, during the course of the hearing, found that the verification officer had gone beyond his brief in raising doubts on such an issue. As per rules, if a complaint is made by third parties raising doubts about the genuineness of any student's claim to reservation, it is the responsibility of the verification officer to verify the same with the help of the revenue department and the university and conclude the inquiry within the stipulated time. In the current case, it is the verification officer who raised the objection and created a mess. The state later placed that negligent officer under suspension. But that hardly gave any relief to Amzad.Amzad had to lose one academic year for no fault of his, the judge said in his order. He was unjustly denied admission. \"Loss of one valuable academic year in a student's life causes serious prejudice to him in various aspects. His whole career will be retarded by one year, apart from besetting him with various setbacks. Such a loss will have a devastating effect on the psyche of the student and causes lot of trauma and agony. Though money cannot compensate this loss, this court, however, feels that ends of justice would be met if the student is awarded reasonable compensation\", the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551691", "title": "Terror tales emerge after gangrape", "text": "KOLKATA: A 21-year-old caddie has been arrested for the gang-rape of a woman in the upscale Golf Garden area on Friday night. Local residents nabbed him at a construction site where the victim was lying bleeding and unconscious. Some children had heard her scream and got help from a nearby slum, where she lived.Locals came out with horrific stories of how a band of hoodlums - some of whom are accused in the gangrape - had struck terror in the area by smashing all the streetlights and taking advantage of the darkness to molest and harass women almost daily. Sheltered by a clique of powerful realtors and politicians, the goons do whatever they please in the HP Dutta Lane locality and Madartala slum.\"This could have happened to any of us,\" said Sabita Das, a neighbour of the victim.On Saturday, TOI found all the street-lamps leading to the area from Prince Golam Mohammed Shah Road broken. \"It was brightly lit till a couple of years ago. But the hoodlums smashed all the streetlights so that they could carry out their nefarious activities,\" said a woman in her late 20s, who regularly faces taunts and obscene gestures from this gang.A young girl said she narrowly escaped an assault only a month ago. \"They pulled me by the arm in the darkened stretch but I shouted for help and they fled,\" she said. Another woman said: \"They make lewd comments the moment they see a woman, regardless of her age. We are scared of taking this road.\"The abduction of a woman from the middle of the road is an example of how they don't fear the police, said another resident. The 22-year-old victim was returning home with medicines for her ailing son on Friday evening when she was attacked. Around 8pm, two little boys heard screams coming from an abandoned guard room at a construction site on HP Dutta Lane. On seeing three goons standing watch, they realized something was wrong and ran to inform the slum dwellers. A huge rescue party assembled within minutes and rushed to the scene. Most of the goons fled on seeing the crowd. The slum dwellers broke in to find a woman lying unconscious and Sharif Ali Mollah standing over her, said sources.Sharif works as a caddie for a golf club and hails from an influential family. His father is a golfer and his uncle a local Trinamool Congress leader. The uncle used his political connections to force police to release Sharif on Friday night, say locals. But facing the wrath of a huge crowd from the slum, police re-arrested him early on Saturday. He has been remanded in police custody till August 27. Sharif's family denies the rape charge and claims the woman had an affair with him. \"It happened with her consent. She was not at all raped,\" said Sarif's aunt Rehana.\"The woman was unconscious. Preliminary probe says she was a victim of sexual assault,\" said Sujay Chanda, DC (SSD). She regained consciousness late at night and gave a statement to police after which a case of gangrape was registered at Jadavpur police station.A medical examination found several injuries to her private parts and other wounds that indicate she tried to fight back. \"Nothing obvious could be determined as the woman is married and is a mother. The vaginal swap and the cloth she wore were handed to police for forensic tests,\" said Partho Pratim Pradhan, medical superintendent and vice-principal of Calcutta National Medical College.Police found used condoms and liquor bottles in the guardroom and the immediate vicinity. Locals say the gang had keys to the guardhouse and used it for criminal purposes. \"After sundown, they gather here to drink and gamble. They bring girls from outside. We often see big cars parked in front of the ramshackle room. This is where the woman was raped,\" said Shankari Das, a resident.Another local said that the crime graph has kept pace with the rapid real-estate growth in the area in the last 10-15 years. Promoters use their money and muscle power to grab land and it brings in all the vices associated with it, said a long-time resident. The goons were employed by both promoters and politicians, which made them think of themselves as all-powerful. \"This psyche of nonchalance for any consequence can lead to them to commit such crime,\" said social scientist Pradip Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "greensboro (north carolina)", "code": "15558732", "title": "Arjun Atwal slips further down at Wyndham", "text": "GREENSBORO (North Carolina): An error-filled five-over 75 saw Arjun Atwal slip down to tied 69th at the end of three rounds in the Wyndham Championships, where he won his first and only PGA Tour title two years ago.Atwal started well with two pars and a birdie on the third, but thereafter it was trouble. He bogeyed the fourth, double bogeyed the fifth and added one more bogey on ninth to turn in three-over. Two more bogeys on 10th and 17th completed his tale of woes as he finished at 75.On a course where even a four or five shot lead is catchable, Sergio Garcia is holding a one-shot advantage at the birdie-friendly Sedgefield Country Club. Garcia shot a 4-under 66 on Saturday to take the lead at 14-under 196 after three rounds at the Wyndham Championship.Tim Clark and Bud Cauley were a stroke back, and Jason Dufner who would become the FedExCup No. 1 with a victory, Harris English and Carl Pettersson were at 12 under in the last event before the FedExCup Playoffs.Dufner shot a 63 - the day's best round. Cauley had a 66, Clark shot a 67, and English and Pettersson had 68s.Garcia's second-round 63 marked his best PGA TOUR round in a decade. If he can keep it rolling for one more round, he might claim his first win on TOUR since 2008 - and strengthen his chances to make the European Ryder Cup team.Webb Simpson defending the title, is now tenth after a 71.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551022", "title": "Big plans for Vivekananda\u2019s 150th birth anniversary", "text": "MUMBAI: The 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda is coming up on January 12, 2013. Swami Sarvalokananda, secretary of the Ramakrishna Math Mission (RKM) in Khar, is at the helm of sesquicentennial celebrations that began in 2010 and end in 2014.Mrinal Guha, convener of the celebrations at RKM Mumbai, saidgovernor K Sankaranarayanan will flag off the celebrations on Monday by releasing a special set of books. On the day of Swamiji's sesquicentennial, author Shashi Tharoor and Bombay HC judge D Y Chandrachur will speak at Shanmukhananda Hall, said Guha. January 26 will see a three-hour drama being enacted by Kolkata artistes followed by a dhrupad festival in March.In Kandivli, socio-cultural organization Krishti has organized a tribute at Alica Hall on August 25. \"Swami Sarvalokananda will preach the Swamiji's teachings before meritorious students who recently cleared their Class X and Class XII exams,\" said member Arindam Dasgupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552362", "title": "Regulate tiger tourism in peripheral areas: NGO", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid Madhya Pradesh government plans to seek review of the Apex court order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, \"Prayatna\"\u2014an NGO which had moved the court for protection and conservation of tigers\u2014has suggested that tourism should be permitted only in the peripheral areas and called for having a separate corpus fund to beef up security for tigers and setting up an autonomous body to deal with disputes related to eco-tourism issues.\"National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) had formulated guidelines for eco-tourism. We are now filing our comments on these guidelines as directed by the Supreme Court, listing our suggestions\", tiger conservation activist Ajay Dubey told TOI.Pointing out that he felt that tourism activities should not at all be permitted inside the core areas of tiger reserves, he said no tourist facilities of any nature be allowed in the critical area and no human recreational activity should be permitted inside the core area and such existing facilities should be shifted out in a time-bound manner. \"In Madhya Pradesh, certain hotel and lodges are operating inside the core areas of tiger reserves\", he pointed out.Another suggestion being put forward is that the revenue generated from tourists at the time of entry into the protected areas of tiger reserves should be invested in a separate corpus fund to be used for the purpose of security of the tigers and for funding the prosecution of wildlife crime cases. At present, the rate of final convictions in wildlife crimes is hardly one to 2% in all the cases.Dubey said it is being suggested that an independent autonomous body, comprising representatives of ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) and state forest department officials, be constituted to ensure that the decisions were independent and impartial, respecting the spirit of the wildlife protection Act 1972.He said no eco-tourism plan with respect to tiger should be finalised without the prior approval of MoEF and NTCA and there was also a need to strictly regulate unorganised construction activities in the buffer areas of tiger reserves as a large number constructions have come up in the close proximity of the core areas of tiger reserves in Madhya Pradesh.It has also called for having a separate corpus fund to beef up security for tigers and setting up an autonomous body to deal with disputes related to eco-tourism issues", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15553006", "title": "CM seeks more funds for Red zones", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has requested Union home minister S K Shinde not to merge the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) scheme for Maoist-hit districts with the Backward Regions Grant Fund (BRGF), official sources said on Saturday.Naveen, who met Shinde at New Delhi on Friday evening, stressed on continuation of IAP in its present form with enhanced funding instead of merging it with BRGF, sources said. \"IAP in Maoist-hit districts of the state has proved to be more effective in meeting the critical infrastructure needs of the people,\" an official release quoted Naveen as saying. Naveen's exhortation followed reports that the Centre was planning to merge the two schemes. An official release said Shinde agreed with Naveen on the need to continue IAP in its present form.Under IAP, which focuses on development of infrastructure in Maoist-hit districts, 18 out of the 30 districts in Odisha are covered. Each district gets Rs 30 crore per annum, official sources said. \"The results under IAP have been very encouraging. As the procedure is comparatively simpler and the stress is on countering extremism, it might not be wise to merge IAP with BRGF, which aims to bridge critical infrastructural gaps in rural areas,\" a senior officer noted. The Centre has sanctioned Rs 340 crore for 20 districts of Odisha under BRGF this year, sources said. Depending on its population each district gets between Rs 13 crore and Rs 20 crore a year. Besides, each district is given Rs one crore per annum for capacity building of panchayati raj institutions.Emphasising on Shinde the need to scale up central support to Odisha to fight Maoists, the CM reiterated the state's demand for deployment of two more battalions of Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) and provision for two MI-17 helicopters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557661", "title": "Olympic medalist Vijay Kumar celebrates his birthday in Delhi", "text": "It was double celebration for Olympic silver medalist Vijay Kumar . Reasons, he celebrated his birthday along with his shooters friends on the eve of his birthday on Saturday evening in Delhi.Vijay who was spotted in Delhi for a felicitation ceremony organized bythe National Rifles Association of India (NRAI) on Saturday told us, \"This has been one of the best birthdays in my life with lots of achievements and awards and felicitations.I'm also honoured to be selected for the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award 2012. Ihope to my best in the future too.\"Before leaving from Delhi on Sunday morning, Vijay said, \"It has been a hectic weekend in Delhi running from one place to another attending so many functions. Finally I'm getting back to my regiment in Madhya Pradesh. I will surely miss my parents on my birthday. But I'm sure all my army fellow men are eagerly waiting to be with them. Shayad koi celebration ho ...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552328", "title": "Govt readies buses as 5000 more arrive in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Over 4,600 panic-stricken migrants and students belonging to the Northeast returned to Guwahati in three trains from various south Indian cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai on Saturday morning. An official of the Northeast Frontier Railway said the first special train from Bangalore arrived at 5.20 am and the second at 7.50 am. The Bangalore-Guwahati express arrived at 9.30 am. Many are boarding the Saraighat Express from Howrah after they arrived in Kolkata.Sources in the Government Railway Police (GRP) said the actual number of people to have hit Guwahati could be more than 5,000 since many of them alighted at Kokrajhar and Bongaigaon. The GRP claimed among the passengers there was not a single victim of assault in south India. \"Most of the passengers, who reached Guwahati are workers from the low income category,\" said a railway official.There was sheer chaos at the Bangalore railway station on Wednesday evening when thousands of NE migrants tried to board trains for Assam. On Saturday, they arrived in Guwahati and the relief on their faces was obvious. It was a three-day journey across the country without adequate food and water. More than 200 people were crammed into single bogeys. It was paranoia which forced them to flee after rumours started doing the rounds of violent repercussions. People even approached and questioned some of the NE natives about their ethnicity and some even claimed to have seen others being attacked by miscreants.\"There is deep fear among the people. We learnt that a couple of our people were harassed and even attacked. Eventually, rumours spread like wildfire. They were told that August 20 was the deadline for them to leave Bangalore. We met a youth who told us that he saw a group of people from a minority community attacking people. The police have not done enough. When we complained they didn't take us seriously,\" said Arun Sarma, who works as a security guard at a tech park in Bangalore.Passengers who are yet to reach their respective towns and villages are taking temporary shelter at the bus station here. Many couldn't get a decent meal in the past three days. \"We arrived here today from Bangalore and will head for Dhemaji later. It has been an exhausting journey,\" said T Doley, a passenger among a group of 20 heading for upper Assam.The Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) has begun operating special busses to help migrants and students reach their respective towns and villages. ASTC began plying buses on Friday to Udalguri, Rowta, Harsingha, Tangla, Silapathar, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji, Bhairav Kunda, Thelamara and other remote areas in upper and lower Assam.\"We are also arranging buses for small groups of passengers. The bus station has become a transit point. We are getting more passengers for lower Assam. NGOs are asking for more buses for areas within the BTAD,\" said H Malakar, station superintendent, ASTC.Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner, Ashutosh Agnihotri, told TOI that a magistrate is on round-the-clock duty at the Guwahati station. \"We have made all necessary arrangements for the comfort of passengers arriving at Guwahati. Buses have been arranged to carry them to the Inter State Bus Terminal, from where they will head for their respective districts,\" said Agnihotri.The administration has also kept a medical team at the station. \"We have left all our personal belongings behind; we just took the basic essentials and headed for the station. I was with my friends when a group of people barged into our room and started rummaging through our possessions. They asked uncomfortable questions about our ethnicity and threatened us with dire consequences,\" said Mynah Sarma, another security guard. \"We were really worried after rumours started spreading. Though I received no threat, I decided to leave for the purpose of safety,\" said Kamal Boro, a youth from Udalguri under BTC area, who works in a plywood company on Kilari Road in Bangalore. Three more passenger trains will reach Guwahati from Bangalore on Sunday. On Saturday evening, a Bangalore-bound special train will leave Guwahati station at 8 pm. Another train will leave Kamakhya at 11.45 pm.There is deep fear among the people. We learnt that a couple of our people were harassed and even attacked. Eventually, rumours spread like wildfire. They were told that August 20 was the deadline for them to leave Bangalore. A youth told us that he saw a group of people from a minority community attacking people.Arun Sarma | a security guard working in bangalore who returned to Guwahati on Saturday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550831", "title": "Notice to Wazalwar driving school for harassing student", "text": "NAGPUR: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) has issued a show cause notice to Manish Wazalwar, owner of Wazalwar driving school, on a complaint filed by one of the trainees who alleged that his learning license was torn and discarded by him. A reply has been sought by August 21.Sourav Chaudhury complained that students are harassed by the driving school. He also stated that the trainers come late and the driving school does not provide any information about driving tests. \"When I pointed this out to Wazalwar, he stopped sending his trainers and the classes were not completed,\" Chaudhary stated.\"The school does not provide students with original learning license, any receipts for tests or even the permanent license. It is kept with them so that they can harass students,\" added Chaudhury.The complainant claimed that he and his wife, also a student, were threatened. \"Aziz Wazalwar (a relative of Manish Wazalwar) had threatened us that they would send some antisocial elements to our house to take care of us,\" he said. \"It's been over 45 days since my test and I am yet to receive the license which normally takes 30 days.\"Refuting the allegations, Wazalwar said Chaudhury was not regular in paying the fees. \"So his license has been withheld,\" he said. Wazalwar gave no reply on why the learning license was torn.Trainee alleges his learning license was torn and discarded by the owner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh/karnal", "code": "15553411", "title": "\u2018300 go missing every month in Haryana\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH/KARNAL: Data compiled by the State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB) of Haryana has revealed that around 300 persons (men, women and kids together) go missing every month from the state, and most number of cases are reported from the national capital region (NCR). The data also revealed that bodies of around 250 unidentified persons are recovered from across the state every month.According to SCRB, 60% of missing reports or unidentified people come from NCR areas of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat, Mewat and Rohtak. SCRB is now setting up a centralized control room with an updated data on missing persons at the police training complex in Madhuban. The centre will be linked to all the police stations across the state to provide information and assistance on missing person. The centre will be operational by September 1.According to figures released by SCRB, the number of persons missing in the state between 2008 to August 1, 2012 has reached 11,073. While the number of unidentified bodies cremated by police in the same period has touched the figure of 5,040.SCRB director Layak Ram Dabas admitted that inadequate infrastructure in police stations and police posts across the state was to be blamed for failure in tracking down missing persons. Dabas also claimed that lack of coordination among states too was responsible for increase in unsolved missing persons' cases.\"There had been cases where families fail to inform police when persons whose missing report is filed returned home. Sometimes it turns out to be a case of runaway couples or kidnapping for ransom,'' Dabas said.About 40% of those who go missing are minors while the number of adult males going missing is also the same. Rest 20% are adult females. About 250 bodies of unidentified persons are found every month and only around 50 such bodies are identified, while the rest are cremated as unidentified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551307", "title": "Criminal arrested from Lake Town", "text": "KOLKATA: Notorious criminal Pinaki Mitra of Lake Town who was out on bail has been re-arrested on Saturday. Mitra was rounded up on charges of threatening a promoter and trying to extort money from him. Two of Mitra's associates - Laltu and Karate Monoj - have also been nabbed. The trio has been remanded in criminal custody.A promoter of Lake Town area had recently lodged a complaint at Lake Town police station accusing Mitra of harassing him and threatening him of dire consequences if the complainant failed to meet his demands, police said. Mitra and his aides were nabbed after a police raid.Mitra was introduced to the world of crime by Palash, another dreaded criminal. Mitra and Hath-kata Dilip had unleashed a reign of terror in the Lake Town and Dakshindari areas in early 2000. Mitra was earlier arrested on murder and extortion charges but later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15553111", "title": "More Mumbaikars opt to rent rather than buy flats", "text": "In a clear sign of increasing consumer resistance to astronomical property prices, data from the stamp duty and registration department shows property transactions (residential and commercial) have fallen sharply in the first seven months of 2012, compared to 2011. Interestingly, the drop in sales corresponded with a visible hike in leave and licence deals in the same period, indicating a growing preference to rent rather than buy in the current market conditions.During January to July 2012, the fall in sales and purchase agreements between Borivli, Goregaon and Dahisar was quite sharp at an average 16.45%, while leave and licence agreements rose by an average 18.56%. The sales drop was most visible in January and Febuary this year, when it dropped by almost 29%, with 1,512 and 1,555 agreements compared to 2,139 and 2,182 agreements for the same period in 2011.Though sales dropped by an average 12.75% between Bandra t o Jogeshwari, it was most acute in April and July 2012, when only 941 and about 700 agreements were registered compared to 1,444 and 1,007 agreements registered in the same months last year. Incidentally, even as leave and licence agreements rose by an average 11.35% between Bandra to Jogeshwari during the same period, the highest increase was in April and June 2012, when 2,858 and 3,233 agreements respectively were registered compared to 1,954 and 2,681 agreements in those months last year. The numbers however, dropped by an average 15% in July 2012 when only 2,312 deals were recorded as against 2,726 last year.In the island city, between Colaba to Sion and Mahim, leave and licence agreements increased by an average 10.36%. The trend was most visible in July 2012 when 1,986 agreements were signed compared to 1,072 agreements last July. Similar was the case with sale agreements. Though sales recorded an average drop of 9%, they dropped the most in Febuary and July 2012 when only 664 and 672 agreements were registered, compared to 823 and 788 agreements respectively in the same months in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15558207", "title": "Government 'managing' judiciary, alleges BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Close on the heels of Mamata Banerjee's controversial statement about judiciary, BJP on Sunday took a dig at the Centre, accusing it of \"managing the judiciary in innovative ways\" and demanded that a National Judicial Commission be set up to end this.\"This government is managing the judiciary. We must have the National Judicial Commission which will take away this kind of discretion from the central government and put it in the hands of a neutral body,\" BJP leader Yashwant Sinha told reporters here.The issue was also raised by some BJP chief ministers at a conclave held here yesterday by the party.Raising questions on the process of appointment of judges, he alleged \"a judge is appointed on a probation basis for three to six months and only when the government is convinced that he is favourable, his appointment is confirmed....\"Who would have imagined this innovative way of managing the judiciary but this government is doing it,\" the BJP leader alleged.Asked if he is toeing the line taken by West Bengal chief minister last week, the BJP leader said he is not repeating her in as many words.\"I said we have been told of instances where these kinds of management have taken place. So I am not repeating it in her words. But I am definitely making the statement that this government has created a situation where it is easy to extract a judgment,\" Sinha said.His comments come days after Banerjee created a storm by saying that there were instances when court judgments have been delivered for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552752", "title": "Governor Hansraj Bhardwaj hails Karnataka's efforts to allay fears of northeastern people", "text": "Governor Hansraj Bhardwaj appreciated the Karnataka government's efforts to prevent the exodus of people from the northeast from Bangalore. At the sidelines of an event at Raj Bhavan on Saturday, he said people needn't feel afraid. \"The government of Karnataka has sincerely taken the right measures and I appreciate them. The Assamese and other northeastern people should feel safe in Bangalore. The problem lies somewhere else and the fear has been created here through rumour-mongers,\" he said.He said he's in touch with key ministers and is getting constant updates. \"I request people from the NE not to leave Bangalore,\" he said, adding, \"India is a vast country and the problems are challenging . The only solution is to tackle them properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15551201", "title": "Lawyers abstain from judicial work", "text": "Kanpur: The lawyers abstained from judicial work in district courts on Saturday to protest against police atrocities on lawyers in Pratapgarh.The police had resorted to lathicharge on lawyers in Pratapgarh on Tthursday. The lawyers were opposing the opening of a civil court at Lalganj.Differences surfaced between the president and general secretary of the bar association regarding the strike. KBA president Ramendra Katiyar had announced on Friday that lawyers would not observe strike on Pratapgarh issue. But as soon as courts opened on Saturday, general secretary Peeyush Awasthi announced about the strike.Legal literacy camp: Zila Vidhic Sewa Pradhikaran, Kanpur will organize a legal literacy camp at Lav-Kush Ashram at Karori village in Sanigawan at 10.30 am on Sunday. Judicial officials, administrative officials and lawyers would provide legal information to the residents of the area.Lok adalat: Zila Vidhic Sewa Pradhikaran will convene a lok adalat at civil court on August 26. Civil judge Manoj Kumar Agarwal said that cases of motor accident claims, civil, petty offences, cases under Section 138 NI Act, power theft and matrimonial disputes would be decided. Litigants who want their cases to be decided on compromise basis should reach the court on August 22 for pre-trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552003", "title": "Maruti dealers cheer as Manesar plant set to restart", "text": "INDORE: Maruti Suzuki India's announcement that lock-out at its Manesar facility will be lifted on August 21 has cheered the dealers of the company in Madhya Pradesh.The company had declared the lock-out at the Manesar plant in Haryana on July 21, following violence by workmen on 18 July. The dealers have incurred heavy losses due to the lock-out.However, the waiting period for delivery of the vehicles is not likely to reduce with immediate effect as the re-start of production at the plant will be taken up in a phased manner. Only 800 of the total 1,800 workers at the plant are expected to resume work and just one out of three lines of operations will start working to begin with, said a company spokesman.\"The plant may take around three months to become fully operational,\" said a dealer.Currently, the waiting period is of four months for various vehicles. It is up at four months for Dzire and Swift, the most popular segments.Praveen Patel, dealer of Maruti Suzuki in Indore, said, \"We have already lost bookings of around 200 vehicles during the lockout period. We couldn't get fresh customers during the period. However, the company's announcement to resume operations at the plant from August 21 has brought some rays of hope.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551091", "title": "NGOs\u2019 funds source comes under cop lens", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch, probing the August 11 violence following a rally at Azad Maidan, will now check the source of funding of some of the NGOs that had participated in the protest. Sources said the police will verify the credentials of people who had donated money to these NGOs.Two youths were killed and more than 50 people were injured in the violence.Raza Academy chairman Saeed Noori, who had participated in the protest rally, said his partial statement has been recorded. \"The police have summoned me again to record my complete statement,\" said Noori, adding that the investigators have asked him about funds his organization receives. \"I told them about the source of our funds and they are satisfied,\" said Noori.The Raza Academy, which is mainly into the publishing of Islamic books and literature, is one of the organizers of last Saturday's rally. It actively participates in dharnas and morchas. The organization was founded in 1978 but is yet to be registered, said Noori.The police have also received information about the residence of the two boys who had desecrated the Amar Jawan memorial.\"The problem is that we have received information from a couple of sources and they have given us three to four addresses for the youths. We have passed on this information to the special investigation team (SIT) and asked them to verify the boys' names and addresses,\" said a crime branch officer.Videos and photographs show two youths vandalizing the memorial during the riots. The identity of the two boys is yet to be ascertained, said the police.Meanwhile, Saleem Chaukiya, who has been booked for stealing a cop's self-loading rifle (SLR) during the violence, has told the investigators that he did not snatch the gun. \"I was carrying the gun to hand it over to the policemen,\" Chaukiya has reportedly told the sleuths. So far, the police have arrested 24 youths on charges of rioting, murder, attempt to murder, molestation and dacoity.The police are also examining the role of at least six youths who claim to be innocent. \"They will be discharged if we find that they were not involved in the rioting,\" the officer added. So far, cops have identified 60 people from news footage and photographs. It is learnt that these people will be picked by for questioning after Eid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551358", "title": "Railways to run nine trips of weekly special trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear extra rush of passengers during festival season, Railways have decided to run nine trips of weekly Express special train number 03685/03686 between Delhi Jn.-Gaya-Delhi Jn. in both directions from October 4 to November 30. The 03686 Delhi Jn.-Gaya weekly special will depart from Delhi Jn. on every Friday, on October 5, 12, 19, 26 and November 2, 9, 16, 23 and 30 respectively at 07.10 p.m. to reach Gaya at 10.30 a.m. the next day from Gaya.In the return direction, train 03685 will depart from Gaya on every Thursday, on October 4, 11, 18, 25 and November 1, 8, 15, 22 and 29 respectively at 08.00 p.m. to reach Delhi at 12.40 p.m. (noon hours) the next day. Comprising one AC II tier, two AC III tier, eight sleeper class, six second class and two second class-cum-luggage van coaches. The train will stop at Dehri-on-Sone, Sasaram, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur stations enroute in both directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552557", "title": "Child rights panel finds roaches in food grain", "text": "BHOPAL: A team of the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) that inspected a girls' hostel in the state capital on Saturday and found cockroaches in the food grain containers and the refrigerator.Chairperson of the commission Usha Chaturvedi told TOI, \"On Saturday our team inspected the girls' hostel at Barela Gaon where we found cockroaches in the rice container and a broken refrigerator. Also more than hundred girls are crammed in two rooms and they have only three bathrooms to share in the hostel. It is quite a dismal state of affairs.\"She said that the girls are students of classes I to VIII of government Lalghati School.\"There is only an assistant warden as the warden has been transferred to a school in Ahmedabad Palace. She was not able to come to the hostel on Saturday which is why the stock register too couldn't be accessed by the accountant who did not have the keys,\" she said.\"We have sent a letter to the Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) to provide with the norms for the hostel and also to learn about the funds allocated. We would recommend for a full-time warden and that girls are shifted to lesser crowded hostels,\" Chaturvedi said.Chaturvedi said that even the boys' hostel at Kala Pipal ahead of Kolar had only three rooms for 150 boys.\"On the other hand Deepshikha School has a good, well-equipped hostel. The students could be shifted in such less crowded hostels.\"On Friday the SCPCR team had inspected Banjari School where the mid-may meal had only 250 gm dal for 45 students. Other irregularities were noted as well.SCPCR has commenced with the task of monitoring of Right to Education Act (RTE) in the state from August 4. They would inspect schools and hostels coming under the ambit of the Act. The commission has been carrying out random checks.Cockroaches found in food grain containers and refrigerator at Barela Gaon.More than hundred girls are crammed in two rooms .Girls have only three bathrooms to share in the hostel .Only one assistant warden to look after.Boys' hostel at Kala Pipal ahead of Kolar had only three rooms for 150 boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550680", "title": "Old City teems with shoppers ahead of Eid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Shopping frenzy at Asal Hyderabad peaked on Saturday with Eid-ul-Fitr celebrations all set to kick-start on Monday. The Old City market, a hub of Eid shopping, was jam packed with eager shoppers descending from all over the state to pick up the best buys at best prices.Shops selling readymade wear were the busiest catering to customers pouring throughout the day for last minute purchases even as grocery stores struggled to meet the demands for seviyan and dry fruits, the two main ingredients for sheer khurma, a must dessert for the Eid feast. Officials of the state dairy development federation informed that they were all set to supply 7 lakh litres of milk for the twin cities from Sunday evening.The vehicular traffic was restricted from Madina to Mecca Masjid on Saturday even as hundreds of hawkers stationed themselves in the middle of the road selling knick knacks. Several new shops have sprung up in the already busy Old City market this festive season especially in Laad Bazaar, Moosa Bowli, Yakutpura and Hussainialam apart from Asif Nagar near Mehdipatnam and Toli Chowki.Traders said while designer anarkali (long frocks) dresses remained the hot favourite for the third consecutive year among young women, the men this year took a fancy to pathani suits influenced by the costumes worn by lead actors in two recent Bollywood flicks.However, well established traders in Madina market said their profit margins were medium this year and that a chunk of traders just about managed to pull through a no-profit-no loss business. \"We did business for about 15 days. With many malls and other markets mushrooming, this market has started to feel the pinch,\" said Mehfooz Ahmed, an old timer here and the president of Old City Traders Association.Mohammed Kareem who sells dress materials near Pathergatti said unlike earlier when people shopped only during Ramzan, they are buying round the year. This has also contributed to the drop in Ramzan sales, he added.Coming to groceries, the seviyan prices have remained much the same as last year with a kilogramme costing around Rs 40. But the cost of dry fruits has gone up by Rs 50-100, said Syed Meraj, a grocery store owner near Falaknuma. This is the busiest time of the year for traders like Meraj who attract huge increase in profits compared to the rest of the year. Handmade seviyan is being sold for Rs 150-200 a kilogramme, he informed.Eid-ul-Fitr, the three-day festival that starts on Monday will mark the end of the month of Ramzan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552720", "title": "\u2018Cops don\u2019t take our complaints\u2019", "text": "Many Assamese and Manipuris living in Bangalore have faced problems with police when they have visited police stations seeking security. \"What evidence can we give police when someone walks up and warns us about living in Bangalore? I got out of a rikshaw near Austin Town, when a group of men came up and told me I must leave Bangalore before August 20. I felt scared and rushed home. I went to a nearby police station with my cousins and tried to lodge a complaint. They refused, saying I had no evidence,\" said a 22-year-old student from Manipur.\"My friend had an argument with a neighbour, who told him they would take him on after Ramzan. When my friend asked him what he meant, he continued to threaten him. The students' forum asked us to inform police but when we called police, their response was cold. They told us not to call them over silly matters. How can a threat to our lives be silly? What security is the government assuring us? How do they expect us to stay back?\" asked a Tibetan student living in Ejipura.Former police commissioner HT Sangliana himself acknowledged that police have not registered cases. \"Alleging there is no evidence, police have not registered some cases, I have been told by some youngsters. That's not acceptable ,\" said Sangliana.\"We have been trying to stay in groups and are constantly in touch with friends living in other areas of the city. Police are patrolling some areas, but that does not mean we are feeling safe. They are also hostile to our complaints,\" said a 32-year-old Assamese woman working in a beauty parlour.FRESH CASES BOOKEDFour cases were booked, include three more at Ashoknagar police station and one at Viveknagar police station. In two cases, the same complainant, Dr Bunty Raj, a resident of BTM Layout, stated that around 9pm on August 12, four unidentified persons waylaid and threatened him near Anepalya. The doctor also alleged that he was walking on Lakshmi Road 8th Cross when four unidentified persons stopped and threatened him with dire consequences on August 17, around 8pm.In another case, Ashima Kalika , a resident of Ejipura, told police that a few autorickshaw drivers stopped her near her residence and threatened her. A case under 153 (A), 341, 506 (B) and 34 of IPC was registered at Viveknagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554858", "title": "Lady Gaga switches to gluten free diet", "text": "Lady Gaga has switched to a gluten free diet as she begins the next stage of her huge 'Born This Way Ball' tour in Sofia, Bulgaria.The 'Poker Face' singer has opted to go on a new diet to make sure she is in the best shape for the gruelling workout.\"Gaga has decided to go on a major body blitz and cut out all gluten and wheat from her diet, which is very hard to do. She has given her people strict Instruction to advise staff at venues and restaurants about her new diet because she is taking it very seriously,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as saying.\"Her aim is to drop 10lb in a month,\" the source said.The 26-year-old singer is believed to be rationing her carbohydrate intake to just two portions a week, and living off a diet mainly consisting of fish, chicken and vegetables.\"She allows herself one potato or rice portion a week and has been snacking on Ginnybake cakes from wholefood shops - they are gluten free cookies,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15558683", "title": "Confusion over Mohammad Akram's appointment as Pakistan bowling coach", "text": "LAHORE: Confusion prevailed over appointment of pace legend Mohammad Akram as the new bowling coach of the Pakistan team with a PCB official denying any such development even as the news appeared on a cricket website on Sunday.The news credited to sources had appeared on a cricket website that Akram had been appointed coach but when contacted PCB media manager, Nadeem Sarwar said: \"We are surprised to see this news because until now a decision has not been made on the new bowling coach.\"He said the committee appointed to review prospective candidates for the bowling coach post had yet to finalise and shortlist probables for approval of the Chairman.But the website, Pakpassion.net claimed that the PCB has chosen Akram as the Pakistan bowling coach.\"The PCB chose Akram because he has a good rapport with the current group of Pakistani cricketers; they know him and he has experience of Pakistan's domestic cricket and of county cricket,\" the website quoted a PCB source.The source further added that the new bowling coach will not just train the national team bowlers but will be expected to work with \"the bowlers at the National Cricket Academy as well as at grass roots level with emphasis on grooming and preparing the next generation of fast bowlers for Pakistan.\"The PCB has been on the lookout for a new bowling coach since Aaqib Javed resigned in February after the England series to join the UAE team as head coach.Earlier this week Pakistan's former fast bowler, Shoaib Akhtar also said he was interested in becoming the national team coach if the board spoke to him about it.But a member of the committee entrusted with the responsibility to recommend candidates ruled out Akhtar insisting he was not qualified for the post.\"Our two basic requirements are that the candidate must be a level three coach and secondly have five years of coaching internationally and Shoaib does not meet both these requirements,\" he said.Interestingly, the last two coaches of the Pakistan who had successful tenures -- former test players, Waqar Younis and Mohsin Khan -- have both not done level three courses or have had the experience of coaching internationally for five or more years as now asked by the board.The board appointed Australian Dav Whatmore as national team head coach in March this year in place of Mohsin Khan who guided Pakistan to a 3-0 test win over England after series wins over Sri Lanka and Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551351", "title": "Lucknow Junction gets new foot over-bridge", "text": "LUCKNOW: The North Eastern Railway general manager V Ramachandran inaugurated a foot over-bridge (FOB) at Lucknow Junction station on Saturday.The FOB will inter-connect all the six platforms of the junction station.The construction of the FOB was sanctioned in 2009-10.The 73-metre foot-over-bridge has been built at a cost of Rs 1.95 crore. The bridge has four landings.All lighting equipment installed at the FOB are energy conserving.The over-bridge will facilitate movement of passengers across all the platforms of the station as it allows direct approach between platforms.Besides, the foot over-bridge will also encourage passengers to use the parking facility at the Cabway, thus taking the burden off the main parking on the front side of the station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551309", "title": "Ordinary Jains into extreme penance: Each hair pulled out", "text": "MUMBAI: As the sun set in Palitana, the holy temple town of Gujarat, close to 200 Jains went bald in an elaborate ceremony recently. Unlike in Tirupati, their hair wasn't razed off in one smooth sweep; it was plucked out, strand by strand. This practice called kaya klesh, a must for Jain monks who take the lifelong vow of diksha or monkhood, is now becoming popular among ordinary devotees as well. And excruciatingly painful as it might be, it is willfully undergone as a form of penance.Like in Palitana, in Madhuranthagam near Chennai, ash made of dry cow dung was dusted on the heads of close to 350 Jain devotees under the guidance of Acharya Ramlalji Maharaj. Following this, they calmly plucked out each strand of their hair for the almost two hours that it took to achieve a completely bare scalp. Around 150 Jains in Raipur did the same under a senior monk Prakashchandarji Maharaj. In Palitana, it was Jayanand Vijayji Maharaj who presided over the ceremony.Several Jains don't stop at the rigours of kaya klesh; they live like monks for the rest of the eight-day holy festival of Parshuyan in the spartan environs of a temple or upashraya, don white robes and go from door to door begging for food. Till recently, most Jains would fast and pray during Paryushan in their attempt to overcome desire of any kind; this year, the festival has taken on a new shade of penance.The kaya klesh practice, though very new, is on the rise. As Muni Vimalsagarji, a senior monk, explains, \"There are 12 kinds of penance, six of them external like upwaas (fasting) and six internal. Kaya klesh is one of these. The most important sacrifice for Jains is the sacrifice of one's body, putting it through severe endurance tests-it is, for example, about the amount of harsh sun you can take or how much hunger or thirst you can withstand. Kaya klesh, in particular, also teaches you not to ascribe so much importance to your physical self.\"Next month, other Jains whose Paryushan is due to begin will also undergo kaya klesh under Vimalsagarji Maharaj, who is currently in Bhiwandi, Mumbai. Babulal Jain-Ujwal, a Kandivli resident, who is a fount of information on diksha and monks, says that this penance has always been spoken about in the Jain texts but has gained popularity among devotees only from last year.Although, both male and female monks pluck their hair out this way before taking the vow of deeksha, the practise of kaya klesh has not yet picked up among Jain women devotees.Kaya klesh, a ritual in which every hair strand is pulled out till the head is bald, is a must for Jain monks. It is now becoming popular among ordinary believers as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15554725", "title": "Geetika suicide case: Delhi Police begins Kanda's interrogation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police on Sunday began interrogating the former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, the prime accused in Geetika Sharma suicide case.According to reports, Kanda may be taken to Gurgaon office for recovery of documents.A Delhi court on Saturday sent Kanda to seven-day police custody, a few hours after he surrendered near Ashok Vihar police station in New Delhi.After being on the run for about 12 days, Kanda surfaced at Bharat Nagar police station at 4:00am on Saturday. Before entering the police station, he told reporters that he was joining investigations as directed by the Delhi Police. \"Kanda has surrendered and we have arrested him,\" P Karunakaran , deputy commissioner of police (North-West) said. Delhi Police had conducted over 60 searches and raids in Haryana, Goa and Siliguri in West Bengal , besides questioning around 30 people in connection with the case.Kanda's brother Govind Kanda was also arrested on Friday for allegedly helping Kanda evade police.Kanda's employee, Aruna Chaddha, a senior functionary with now defunct MDLR airlines, has already been arrested and is in judicial custody in connection with the suicide of 23-year-old air hostess Geetika Sharma, who allegedly took her life on August 5 at her Ashok Vihar residence.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557548", "title": "Rama Narayanan's Bollywood connect", "text": "Looks like Rama Narayanan wants to try his hand at distributing Bollywood flicks as well. The latest buzz is that, the veteran producer-director is looking at distributing Vikram Bhatt's Raaz 3 .A source says, \" Raaz 3 , directed by Vikram Bhatt and produced by Mahesh Bhatt, is a sequel to Raaz - The Mystery Continues and Raaz . Starring Bipasha Basu , Emraan Hashmi and Esha Gupta, the film is touted to be a murder mystery laced with supernatural elements. The film is slated to release on September 7, and Rama Narayanan, who has a string of thriller and supernatural films to his credit, will distribute the film in the state.\"The source adds, \"The first two installments had a successful run at the BO. And Raaz 3 has also garnered a good amount of interest, thanks to its publicity posters and sizzling trailer. Rama Narayan is hoping the film will do great business in the state as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15551331", "title": "Rainfall declines, but still in normal range", "text": "PANAJI: The quantum of rainfall in August has shown a downward trend, but the incessant spell in June, which yielded 1117.1mm (about 47 inches) of rain, has helped maintain the overall seasonal average within the normal range.The seasonal total has reached 2156.5mm on Saturday morning. \"This is marginally less by 02.3mm than normal,\" K V Singh, director meteorological centre, Altinho, said.The offshore trough in the Arabian Sea has weakened and the showers have decreased after Wednesday.The total rainfall recorded in July was only 616.0mm (about 24 inches) as compared to 1117.1mm in June. In August, the rainfall recorded till Saturday morning on August 18, 2012 was 363.4mm (just over 14 inches).The overall shortfall in distribution up to August 15, 2012 is -4% in North Goa and -8% in South Goa. \"Rainfall of +19% or -19% is considered within normal range,\" Singh said. But he declined to comment whether like July, the rainfall in August is deficient. As a total rainfall of 919mm is considered normal for July, the met department recorded 33% less during the month.But the surplus of June has helped maintain the overall seasonal total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new de", "code": "15550503", "title": "Videos doctored in Pakistan sparked NE exodus: Government", "text": "NEW DE:HI: The government on Saturday said a bulk of the doctored incendiary videos and horrific clippings of atrocities allegedly committed on Muslims in lower Assam and Myanmar were uploaded on various blogs in Pakistan in a bid to incite the minority community in India.\"Technical investigation has established that a bulk of the incendiary images was first uploaded on blogs in Pakistan,\" disclosed Union home secretary R K Singh.He told TOI that India would raise the issue with Pakistan. \"I am sure they will deny it, but we have fairly accurate technical evidence to show that the images originated and were circulated from their territory,\" he said.The home secretary suggested the rumours were spread almost as an offensive. Considering the evidence, he said all images were doctored and meant to inflame passions across India.\"As many as 110 websites were involved in spreading the doctored clips. We have blocked 76 of them, and are in the process of getting others deactivated,\" he said, adding that Google and other sites, which hosted provocative blogs, have been approached.In one instance, images of death and destruction caused by a cyclone have been morphed to be passed off as a case of atrocity on Muslims in Assam. In others, bodies of victims of an earthquake which occurred months ago was juxtaposed with photographs of Buddhist monks to project violence on Muslims in Myanmar by Buddhists.The images of atrocities on Muslims have sparked tension across the country, with Mumbai, Lucknow and Allahabad witnessing mob violence. People from the northeast have been attacked in Pune, Hyderabad and Kerala, while a Tibetan was stabbed in Mysore in what appeared to be a case of retaliation against alleged brutalities on Muslims.SMSs purportedly from Muslim groups threatening attacks on people from the northeast has triggered an exodus from several states, though governments have insisted they are merely rumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552142", "title": "ECR suspends operation of PRS counters", "text": "Patna: The operation of passenger reservation system (PCR) counters in the second shift of Sunday, which was started on August 12 under 14 locations of East Central Railway (ECR), has been temporarily suspended due to lack of support from the workers of Railway Karamchari Union.The railway board recently directed each zone to provide more facilities to passengers under PRS. But the union workers forcibly stopped the functioning of PRS at Patna Junction demanding fill-up of vacant posts of reservation-cum-commercial clerks.\"The railways wants to provide better and better amenities to passengers through this PRS but not willing to hear employees' grievances. That's not fair,\" said a union worker.According to an ECR official, railways had decided to make PRS counters functional on every Sunday in the second shift at Patna Junction, Rajendra Nagar Terminal, Ara, Buxar, Mughalsarai, Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Hajipur, Barauni, Dhanbad, Samastipur, Darbhanga, Raxaul and Khagaria junctions. Though PRS counters functioned on August 12 at these locations, the union took strong exception to this decision and got it suspended now, he said, adding unless there is a consensus over the issue the railways cannot do it alone on its own.Sources said the number of computerized PRS counters had gone up to 121 under ECR while the number of unreserved ticketing system (UTS) counters was 57 under five divisions of the zone. The Danapur division has the maximum number of PRS (35) followed by Samastipur (26), Dhanbad (25), Mughalsarai (16), Sonepur (16) and ECR headquarters (three), sources said.An ECR official said that the union must give it a thought to the ECR's decision to make PRS counters functional at 14 different locations on every Sunday in the second shift. About nine lakh passengers have been travelling by trains from ECR per day. The PRS and the UTS counters are a boon for them, he said.Reacting to suspension of this facility, several people who are frequently travelling by trains said it was not fair for railways to stop this facility on Sunday particularly at major stations as there are people who have to tickets on Sunday in emergency. Functioning of the PRS counters in the second shift at Patna Junction or Rajendra Nagar Terminal will prove to be a great benefit for the common people, said a Patna businessman LB Gupta.Anjali Kumari and Sonali of Patna said, \"Sunday is the day when we find it easy to book railway tickets from PRS counters either from Patna Juntcion or Rajendra Nagar Terminal. The decision of the railways to make PRS counters functional at major stations on every Sunday in the second shift was a welcome move,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551057", "title": "University of Pune reduces intake for MTech-PhD course", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has reduced the students intake for the integrated MTech-PhD course from last year's 40 seats to 24 seats this year, due to the inadequate number of research guides for MTech-PhD as well as PhD in technology courses for academic year (AY) 2012-13.The entrance exam for the integrated course in technology will be held on Sunday on the UoP campus and at a couple of designated centres in Nashik and Ahmednagar.It's not just the research guides, but the number of students seeking admission to the integrated MTech-PhD course has also dropped sharply (from the 1,600-odd applicants for the maiden batch last year to the 750-odd applicants for the second batch this year).Dean of UoP's faculty of technology A S Padalkar told TOI on Saturday, \"One of the key reasons behind the drop in number of applicants could be the university' decision to withdraw its commitment to pay Rs 24,000 annual stipend to students who are not sponsored by industries.\"The shortage of research guides for the integrated course is more acute in the streams of computer and information technology and mechanical and materials technology. We are trying to address this situation. The other two streams, that is, electronics and electrical technology and chemical and biotechnology, are better placed in terms of availability of guides.\"A part of the shortage is being attributed to the university norm that restricts an approved research guide from taking more than eight students under his/her guidance. Another reason is non-availability of PhD-qualified candidates in technology, from the academics as well as the industry, who can be approved as research guides, said Padalkar.\"Considering the slots available with the existing research guides, the university has decided to restrict the number of students for the integrated MTech-PhD course to six seats each for four streams,\" he said.Against the course intake of 40 seats, the UoP had selected 36 students, including 18 with industry sponsorship, last year. Of these, 24 students eventually joined the course.The faculty of technology was carved out from the previously known faculty of engineering and technology with a specific objective of pushing the integrated MTech-PhD course, which is a brainchild of UoP's former vice-chancellor R K Shevgaonkar.The course is offered to engineering and technology graduates as well as postgraduate science degree holders and industry-sponsored working professionals. It was introduced after an elaborate campaign, by Shevgaonkar and his team, for a technology programme that will serve as a replicable model for industry-institute interaction.As such, the course envisaged sponsorship of working professionals as well as students by some of the leading industries in and around Pune, to fill at least half of the student intake. The UoP had committed to fill the remaining half. An entrance exam and personal interview, carrying 50:50 weightage, was the criteria for selection.The Rs 24,000 annual stipend - which the UoP had touted as bigger than the fellowships offered by the University Grants Commission (UGC) and had committed the same to the students, who were not sponsored by the industries - was the unique selling point of the course.However, this year the university announced that only the industry-sponsored students will get the annual stipend while those not sponsored will have to simply furnish the course fees, of Rs 1 lakh per annum, without any stipend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15557532", "title": "Applications invited for National Bravery Awards", "text": "INDORE: Like every year, Madhya Paradesh government has invited applications from such brave children of age group 6 to 18 years who did meritorious acts of bravery against all odds. These children will be awarded with National Bravery Awards given by Government of India in coming months.Divisional Joint Director of Women and Child Development Rajesh Mehra informed that Bharat award, Geeta Chopra award, Sanjay Chopra award, Bapu Dham award and General awards are given by National Child Welfare Council and selected girls or boys are given medals, certificates along with cash prize for risking their life and doing brave acts.Last date for sending applications is September 15, 2012 and should reach district office of Women and Child Development Department respectively. For more information related to award and its application procedure one can call on 9425033662.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551646", "title": "New aircraft refuel system from 2013", "text": "KOLKATA: In June 2009, a Singapore Airlines plane nearly caught fire when a tanker that was refuelling it went ablaze. For the 268 passengers on board, it was a close shave.A year from now, a new refuelling system will be in place at Kolkata airport, eliminating the need for using oil tankers, thereby making the operation safe for passengers and airlines. Though IOC has a hydrant system at present, other oil companies do not source fuel from it and use their own tankers.\"Kolkata airport will have a common user terminal where all oil companies will feed their orders. Indian Oil Corporation will operate the terminal and also lay a network of underground pipelines to install fuel hydrants next to parking bays. Once ready, fuel tankers will be done away with. Trucks with booster equipment will be used to pump fuel from underground pipes to the aircraft,\" said Kolkata airport director B P Sharma.The fuel hydrant system that is in place in most major airports across the world pumps fuel right up to the filling outlets on the tarmac through underground pipelines for faster refuelling. The new system is also necessary to ensure quicker servicing of aircraft. With the new terminal set to attract more carriers, the hydrant system will be critical for timely turnaround.\"In the present system, a tanker travels from the terminal to an aircraft. After refuelling the plane, the vehicle returns to the terminal for refill before being dispatched for another refuelling operation. This is fine when flights are few. But when more flights operate per hour, then they need to be refilled quicker. And that is possible only through the hydrant system,\" an IOC official explained. Altogether, 56 fuel hydrants will be installed. Apart from streamlining last-mile dispensation of aviation turbine fuel, IOC will also lay a pipeline to transport ATF from its terminal at Maurigram to the storage tanks at the airport 18 km away. At present, ATF and other fuels are transported from the refinery in Haldia to Maurigram via pipes. \"Pipeline construction has begun and will be completed next year,\" the IOC official said. The Rs 36-crore project will also stop pilferage of ATF that routinely happens under Belghoria expressway and sold as kerosene in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552711", "title": "Tamil Nadu holds high-level meet to review security measures", "text": "In its efforts to reach out to people from the northeast, the Tamil Nadu government has deployed large contingents of police personnel in areas considered vulnerable.Police pickets have been put up in many places, including Hosur, Coimbatore, Dindigul and Kanyakumari, where there is a sizable population of Assamese and people from other northeastern states.On Saturday, a high-level meeting, chaired by chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi and attended by home secretary R Rajagopal, director general of police K Ramanujam, Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy, additional director general of police S George and Southern Railway divisional railway manager P K Mishra among others, reviewed safety measures. Tripathy said his team was working on confidence building measures, such as holding meetings with leaders of Assamese associations. On Saturday, community leaders went around places in the city where people from the northeastern states are staying.An official said, \"Our information is that there has not been even a single case of people being forced out of the state. However, their relatives are calling them back, fearing a backlash in Assam after Ramzan. Many have left Tamil Nadu reluctantly. Some have also taken cash advance from their employers, indicating that they will return once things settle down. As of now, we don't have details as to how many have left.\"Sarangi requested railway officials to ensure adequate security on trains and platforms . \"Officials have been requested to keep in touch with police and regularly pass on information,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553642", "title": "HP decision in ragging death case pains father", "text": "New Delhi: \"If the four had killed someone on the streets of Kangra, outside the campus, they wouldn't have got just four years,\" says Raj Kachroo. But the four - Ajay Verma, Naveen Verma, Abhinav Verma and Mukul Sharma - sentenced to four years of rigorous imprisonment for ragging fellow medical college student, Aman Kachroo, to death, were released on Independence Day, about six months before they were to complete what many considered a mild sentence.\"I have been repeatedly asked to appeal for enhancement of sentence but I didn't. I thought, let's go beyond this and look at the bigger picture,\" says professor Kachroo who's been \"disheartened\" by the Himachal Pradesh government's move. He now monitors the National Ragging Prevention Programme of the University Grants Commission and runs the Aman Satya Kachroo Trust, in charge of the national Anti-Ragging Helpline.Kachroo says the state government's \"casual decision\" is \"ill advised.\" \"In trying to appease local sentiment, the HP government has isolated itself from the rest of the nation instead of being in tandem with it. Only last week there was passionate discussion on ragging in the Rajya Sabha,\" says Kachroo. He also reminds that the government itself had gone to the high court for an increase in punishment. The four convicts would have completed their sentence in March 2013.And getting out early isn't going to help the boys either, feels Kachroo. \"If they had spent another few months in jail, it wouldn't have harmed them. In fact, they would've come out as icons and perhaps joined the movement. But now they will be further tainted as the public might feel they've cheated. They haven't thought about the implications,\" he continues. \"It's not 'just ragging.' Crime can't be shielded by the universities.\" He feels that the decision goes against the message that universities, colleges and state governments across the country are trying to get across that ragging will be treated as a crime.\"There is a group of people who feel that we're making too much of it, that ragging is another college tradition. They're just ill informed.\" The helpline he runs has received 1,500 complaints in the last three years. Kachroo has noticed plenty of sexual harassment and intolerance to any kind of difference. \"A weaker person is always pounced at. There is a lot of frustration too in the young, especially sexual frustration.\" He adds, \"All those associated with me0 are feeling let-down. What was the reason for provoking?\"If they had spent another few months in jail, it wouldn't have harmed them. But now they will be further tainted as the public might feel they've cheated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15551372", "title": "School heads can\u2019t attend events without DoE nod", "text": "PANAJI: After education officers on inspection found school heads attending seminars and other functions outside the school, the directorate of education (DoE) issued a circular this week prohibiting headmasters from attending any programmes outside their schools without prior written permission of the deputy directors of their zones.'During inspections of various schools, it has been noted that headmasters/principals/vice-principals leave the schools for attending some training, seminar, functions without prior permission from their superiors,' the circular stated.The DoE has told headmasters that the education in school suffers when such incidents occur as the school is left with no supervisory head. 'Due to this reason, not only the education of children suffers, but the effective control over teachers and students cannot be exercised. This should not be resorted to,' stated the circular, a copy of which has been mailed to heads of all primary, secondary and higher secondary schools under the directorate.'All headmasters/principals/vice-principals are therefore directed not to attend any training programme/function/seminar etc unless they have been deputy by their deputy director of education or by the director of education. If it is felt by the head of a school that a particular training programme, function or seminar is important to attend, he or she should take approval in writing deputy director of their zone before attending it,' the circular stated.The circular signed by director of education D P Dwivedi also warns that the directive is 'for strict compliance.'The major drop in Class X pass percentage has been a major cause for concern for the DoE over the last few months. The director of education had called a meeting of additional district education officers to come up with measures to improve results in government schools. Buses are also being provided to all government schools to cut down on absenteeism due to lack of availability of transport especially in rural areas.DoE says that during inspections of various schools, it has been noted that headmasters/principals/vice-principals leave the schools for attending some training, seminar, functions without prior permission from their superiorsDue to this reason, not only the education of children suffers, but the effective control over teachers and students cannot be exercisedAll headmasters/principals/vice-principals are therefore directed not to attend any training programme/function/seminar etc unless they have been deputed by their deputy director of education or by the director of educationIf it is felt by the head of a school that a particular training programme, function or seminar is important to attend, he or she should take approval in writing from the deputy director of their zone before attending it, the DoE circular states", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550849", "title": "No reason to leave: northeast natives", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of migrants from the northeast does not see a reason to flee the city despite the violence perpetrated on people from their region in several states and the condemnation of attacks on Muslims in Assam during last Saturday's protest rally.\"We cannot leave and show them that we are victims. We are strong and proud to be from the northeast,\" said Deewan Mara, a first-year arts student from St Xavier's College. \"It wouldn't help the situation in Assam if we're attacked here, because the repercussions there could be severe and long term,\" he added. Mara is from Arunachal Pradesh and lives in Chembur with another student from his state.Another student from Manipur, Biken Nyicyor, feels there's not much of a threat to them in Mumbai as compared to other places like Pune, Bangalore and Andhra Pradesh. \"I don't think people from the northeast should leave,\" said Nyicyor, an MA student at Mumbai University's Kalina campus. He resides near a mosque in Kalina and says he does not feel threatened by Muslims in the locality.However, some students have decided to leave the city, if only to keep their parents and relatives back home from worrying for their safety. Jumngam Ette, a postgraduate student at St Xavier's College, was all set to leave the city on Saturday. Ette, an Arunachal Pradesh native, is not as petrified as her parents, but she has agreed to leave Mumbai for the time being.Ette's parents have asked her and her younger sister, who studies in Bangalore, to return to their hometown before Ramzan. Ette said, \"Some of my friends are leaving from Chennai. I asked my younger sister to accompany them\" Ette has booked an air ticket at Rs 37,000 for her sister.\"I was waiting for my college festival to get over, so I booked my ticket for Saturday. There have been rumours that the situation will worsen after Ramzan. Messages are being circulated among students. My parents have asked me to return home and leave after the situation calms down,\" said Ette, whose parents have been calling her up constantly to check on her as she lives alone in Navi Mumbai.Central Railway chief public relations officer V Malegaonkar denied any drastic rise in rail ticket bookings to the northeastern states.Explaining the exodus of northeast natives-especially the labour class, psychiatrist Harish Shetty said, \"Such an exodus is common following a disaster. It is caused due to hyper-arousal and hyper-vigilance among the affected. Attacks and vandalism create fear leading to hyper-arousal. After attacks on their community, their faculties are in an aroused state, which causes them to react in this manner.\"Most migrants who were fleeing the city, who TOI spoke to, admitted to not having seen the text messages, threatening them of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15551494", "title": "PVVNL to ensure adequate power supply in Kumbh Mela", "text": "Varanasi: In view of the forthcoming Kumbh Mela in Allahabad the electricity department has geared up for providing adequate and proper power supply in Mela area.The managing director of UP Power Corporation Limited AP Mishra held a meeting of power officials to review the preparations at the auditorium of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited here on Friday.Mishra informed that creation of 700km LT line had been proposed in the Kumbh Mela area out of, which the work had already been started for 60km line, and it would be completed by the end of September. Besides, 60km HT line would also be created in the Mela area, he informed.According to him, as many as 48 power sub-stations of 11/0.4 KV, 2x400 KVA would be built in the Mela area. The construction work of six power sub-stations has already been started.The electricity department would also undertake the electrification work of all proposed 18 pontoon bridges in the Mela area. Besides, semi-high mast light would be installed at the main crossings of the Mela area and on the banks of the river.Mishra further informed that about one lakh power connections would be given to the camps. For power conservation it has been decided to use CFL in the Mela area instead of tube lights and bulbs. The total power consumption of the Mela areas would be about 40 MVA.For the convenience of sanyasi, uninterrupted power supply 250KVA transformers would be installed at all Akhadas camping in the Mela area, he informed adding that 33 generators of 63 KVA and 15 generators of 125 KVA would also be arranged in the Mela area. It had been estimated that a fund of about Rs 106.89 crore would be spent on the temporary works in the area of Kumbh Mela, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15551979", "title": "Aim-peror without a crown", "text": "I banged my fist on the mat in frustration and kissed my rifle in joy the next moment. That's the story of the guy who came fourth,\" says Joydeep Karmakar , summing up the agony-ecstasy mishmash he felt a couple of weeks ago at the London Games after losing a bronze by less than a point. It was the only time he had showed emotion - marksmen train hard not to let feelings sway them from the target.On Saturday, with his rifle packed in its case and no target to aim at, Joydeep let his emotions flow.The thrill of the roar from fans at London, the pain and anguish of a 25-year-long struggle against daunting odds, and the frustration at government indifference to a feat no Indian has managed before passed over his face like a kaleidoscope. But he retained the smile he has brought back as a souvenir from London. It's as priceless as a medal, especially for a man who has known little joy in his bull-headed pursuit of shooting. It's a story of triumph in tragedy. As hard facts and cold numbers will testify, Joydeep stood fourth, losing bronze by 0.9 points to the great Slovenian Rajmond Debevec.But read between the scoresheets and out leaps the tale of a lion-hearted fightback from an Olympic debutant battling nerves, anxiety and the \"middle class fear of failure\", who rose from a poor start to almost win bronze.The story of Joydeep is also that of a boy who had to drop out of school in Class XII to fend for his family, who became a national champion on borrowed rifles and who once thought of selling a kidney to buy his own gun.No wonder then that even as governments still look for \"appropriate\" ways to felicitate yet another famous fourth (after the legendary Milkha Singh in the 1960 Rome Olympics, PT Usha in Los Angeles in 1984 and Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi in the 2004 Athens Games), the cautious, conservative Bengali middle class is already hailing its next \"warrior prince\".In the fortnight since August 3, the ace shooter, who won silver in the Sydney World Cup in 2010 but went largely unnoticed by the masses busy tracking and lamenting the declining IPL fortunes of their original prince, has gone from \"Joydeep, who?\" to \"Olympic Joydeep\". He is the first Indian shooter to compete in a 50m prone-rifle Olympic event since the qualification criteria kicked in.The new-found celebrity status was evident on Saturday while walking down the congested MM Ghosh Road near Nagerbazar. \"Olympian Joydeep?\" asked an elderly man, eagerly. \"Turn left, white building, fourth floor.\" Another enthusiastically added: \"Olympice bhalo khelechhe.\" \"I've realized after returning to India what a difference my achievement has made to the middle class, people who hesitate to explore, get out of their comfort zone,\" says Joydeep. \"My event was telecast on giant screens at the City Centre malls.\" Is it because he is an easier, more identifiable role model? \"Yes, with my bhanga chora bari (small humble home), I think I am,\" he smiles.\"The feedback I've received is that a lot of youngsters want to take up shooting as a sport. The state now needs a world-class range,\" he adds, hopeful that such a facility is in the pipeline. But with passion comes caution. The bullets used for events like the prone and 3-position are expensive, costing Rs 25 each. The rifle is another matter altogether. Joydeep's first, the Anschutz - bought in 2003 with a personal loan and small cheques from well-wishers collected over five years - cost about Rs 1.5 lakh. His current one, the Bleiker, cost Rs 5.5 lakh.Costly miss?Fantastic fourth is good, but super six is better. While it's raining awards and cash prizes for the six Indian medallists of the London Games, Joydeep has so far been felicitated by the railways in New Delhi and the North Calcutta Rifle Club (where he has been training since the age of 10) and PC Chandra Group in Kolkata. His son Adriyan, a Class II student of DPS Megacity who has his own little rifle but an aim almost as sharp as his father's, received Joydeep at the airport with a \"gold medal\".Some fans were there as well. But it was nothing compared with the welcome for Saina Nehwal or Sushil Kumar. \"Such a tenacious display in the first Olympics appearance is unprecedented,\" gushes Joydeep's father Santo Karmakar. \"It's unfortunate that the government is focusing only on medal-winners. Performers like Joydeep and Devendro Singh (a gutsy Manipur boxer) should also be recognized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550697", "title": "Maisaram college: Good results, but poor facilities", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Government Girls' Junior College Maisaram, Barkas, which has consistently fared well in intermediate examinations every year and even stood second amongst the government colleges in the city last year, has no building to call its own as its students share classrooms with primary school students.The college was established in 2008 on the premises of Government Girls' Primary School, Maisaram, on a temporary basis. Two other government junior colleges, one in Falaknuma and the other in Golconda, were set up at the same time. While the other two have their own buildings now and are running classes with 500 students each, the Maisaram College is still waiting for its own building. The student strength of the college has swelled to 300 from a humble 50 in the beginning. And all the teachers are contract employees toiling to ensure results. Even the principal of the college is on additional charge from Falaknuma College.In spite of the government neglect, the students of this college are making remarkable improvements in academics every year. In the 2012 intermediate exams, the college stood second in the city with an impressive 70% pass percentage even as the city's average was 59%. The consistent commendable performance over the years has drawn students from far off places for admission but the authorities are forced to turn them away as the college is currently in a position only to offer CEC (Civics, Economics and Commerce). More popular groups like MPC, BiPC and MEC are not being offered as the existing building does not have enough room for laboratory facilities.Classes are held on shift basis. The primary section and the college occupy the five rooms available from 9 am to 12.30 pm and the intermediate students avail the facility from 12.30 pm to 5 pm.It has also been learnt that when the government failed to find a place for the college, the previous district collector suggested that the students occupy some part of the Qutub Shah Boys' School, Barkas, which is also used by police recruits as a temporary shelter. However, the college authorities refused as they felt premises was not suitable for girls.College officials said they have made several requests to the government but nothing had so far materialized.\"There were talks of providing us 2,000 square yards of land within one kilometer of Barkas. We need a permanent building which is close to Barkas otherwise it may discourage parents from sending their girls to far off places,\" said an official. \"Institutions are sanctioned by the government but public representatives help realize them by coming up with land and buildings. We have taken up the issue with revenue officials as well. We have to now make representations to the new collector,\" said Ravi Thakur, Hyderabad district educational and vocational officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556058", "title": "No sequel to Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger", "text": "Despite the ending of Salman Khan starrer superhit film Ek Tha Tiger leaving a scope for a sequel, the makers have denied any such move.Salman's previous few films like No Entry, Wanted, Dabangg will have sequels and there were chances of a second instalment for his latest offering Ek Tha Tiger as well.\"We have not thought of a sequel for Ek Tha Tiger . We don't have any idea (story line) for the sequel,\" Kabir told PTI.Even the producers have denied making a sequel. \"With the success of the film, it would be the obvious conclusion for anybody to assume that the film deserves a sequel. However, as of now, there are no such plans and it is more conjecture,\" Yash Raj Films' vice president (marketing and communications) Rafiq Gangjee said.Salman Khan-Katrina Kaif starrer romantic action thriller 'Ek Tha Tiger' (released on Aug 15) garnered about Rs Rs 33 crore at the box office, on the first day of release.Meanwhile, the Pakistan Censor Board has banned the screening of the film in their country. Earlier, when the trailer of Ek Tha Tiger was released, the Board had banned it claiming that it tarnishes the image of their intelligence agency ISI.\"It is a very unfortunate incident that the film will not be screened there. It does not show Pakistan in bad light,\" Kabir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15551545", "title": "Tamil Nadu Public Service exam question paper was leaked from Chennai", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is learnt that the question paper for the Tamil Nadu Public Service exam for group two posts was leaked a day before the test from Chennai by a Balan, who sold it for Rs 80 lakh to a resident of Namakkal. The test held in various centres across the state on August 12 for 3,631 posts was subsequently cancelled. Over six lakh candidates wrote the exam.Police sources said Varadarajan, a resident of Kavundampadi near Namakkal, confessed in custody that he got the question paper by mail from Balan, who released the questions for Rs 80 lakh. Varadarajan then took printouts of the question paper from a cafe in Namakkal at around 1.30am on August 11 and circulated it among 20 people including Dhanakodi of Erode, whose conduct near the examination hall led to the expose of the scam.As part of raising the money promised to Balan, Varadarajan also forwarded the question paper by e-mail to a number of his friends in the region. According to him, both Dhanakodi and her husband Senthil had reached Namakkal on August 11 morning and accepted a copy of the question paper. Dhanakodi learned the first 130 questions by heart on August 11 and reached the examination centre with questions 131 to 200 on August 12, police sources said. Varadarajan was arrested the next day from Namakkal.Cyber crime police is trying to trace Balan based on the calls made by Varadarajan to the former's mobile phone. Sasikumar, who owns the internet cafe in Namakkal from where Varadarajan downloaded the question paper, has also been made an accused in the case though his role is limited to keeping the cafe open at night and allowing the latter to take print outs.On Saturday, a TNPSC member visited Erode and held discussions with district collector Dr V K Shamugham and other top officials on Saturday. The question paper leak, spotted first at a centre in Erode town, was found to have been the handiwork of a network that involved people in Chennai, Namakkal, Thiruvannamalai and Dharmapuri.The visiting TNPSC member, Rathinasabapathi, also inspected the district treasury where the question papers have been kept in police custody. He also interacted with officials who probed the leak and subsequent developments. The district collector said four persons, including a woman had already been arrested, and three others were being questioned. Rathinasabapathi later left for Namakkal to hold an enquiry there.Police sources said Varadarajan, a resident of Kavundampadi near Namakkal, confessed in custody that he got the question paper by mail from Balan, who released the questions for Rs 80 lakh. Varadarajan then took printouts of the question paper from a cafe in Namakkal at around 1.30am on August 11 and circulated it among 20 people including Dhanakodi of Erode", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15551418", "title": "FIR registered in SEZ allotment case", "text": "PANAJI: The controversial allotment of land for special economic zones is set to haunt some politicians and bureaucrats, as the anti-corruption branch of the Goa police has registered a criminal case on the issue. Officials said the FIR is based on a complaint filed by Mandar Shirodkar, deputy general manager (law), Goa Industrial Development Corporation, on \"arbitrary and illegal allotment of land\" to seven parties for SEZ.The complaint states that the allotment was done by hatching a criminal conspiracy and involved manipulation of documents and cheating the government and causing loss to the exchequer in connivance with some \"GIDC officials and other unknown private/public servants\".The complaint names the seven companies\u2014Meditab Specialities Pvt Ltd, Peninsular Pharma Research Centre Pvt Ltd, K Raheja Corporation Pvt Ltd, Paradigm Logistic and Distribution Pvt Ltd, Inox Mercantile Co Pvt Ltd, Planetview Merchantile Co Pvt Ltd and Maxgrow Finlease Pvt Ltd\u2014which were allotted land during 2006-07.The ruling BJP, when in opposition, had supported a people's agitation against SEZs in general and had even made the issue its main focus during the 2007 South Goa Lok Sabha bypoll.Done no wrong with SEZ allotment, open to inquiry: RaneThough Congress retained the seat, then chief minister Digambar Kamat, bowing to locals' demands and despite angry reactions from industry, scrapped the SEZs. Present chief minister Manohar Parrikar , when opposition leader, had alleged that the SEZ allotments were a major fraud and that those responsible should be taken to task. The SEZ issue had also figured in the recent monsoon session of the Goa assembly, where BJP's Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant had demanded action against those responsible for the \"scam\". BJP's present industries minister, Mahadev Naik, recently said the government then had received 19 SEZ applications which were subsequently submitted to the Union ministry of commerce, and seven were approved. He said an area admeasuring 38.40 lakh sq m had been leased out by the then government to the seven SEZ promoters. Present opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane, who was chief minister in 2006-07, recently said he is open to any inquiry and stressed that he had done no wrong on the issue of SEZ allotments. After the Kamat government decided to scrap the SEZs, the promoters were issued notices to hand over the land back to GIDC which the firms contested in court. The matter is currently in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556634", "title": "Radio Mirchi Awards: A star-studded affair", "text": "It was a night of dance and music at an awards function held in the city on Saturday evening. Tollywood and Kollywood celebrities were seen having a whale of a time. Upping the celeb quotient was actress Khushboo, who looked ravishing in her delicate orange pattu sari while Dhanush's, unshaved look caught everyone's attention.Catchy songs and funny lyrics were the talk in the atmosphere. Kamna Jethmalani's scintillating performance received a huge round of applause from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15551998", "title": "More Hindus from Pak to take shelter in Indore", "text": "INDORE: With a hope to start a fearless and peaceful life after suffering years of atrocities in Pakistan, another batch of migrant Hindus from across the border is expected to arrive in Indore in the next few days.Around 220 Hindus from the neighboring country have crossed the border through Attari near Amritsar on Friday on religious visas. The visas permit them to visit Amritsar, Rishikesh, Haridwar, Delhi and Indore. Nearly 100 have already taken shelter in the city in last five days.Indore is a preferred choice for the Pakistani Hindus who flee their country. Hundreds of them have already settled here. Local leaders are according them open-arm reception helping them settle in the city by providing accommodation. BJP leader Shankar Lalwani expects a large number of the 220 Pakistani Hindus to come to Indore. \"The number of visitors and their date of arrival are not clear, but they will come in next few days,\" he said.\"Many in the city have relatives across the border. As such, it is their moral and social responsibility to help the Pakistani Hindus to start a new life here. We need to ensure that the migrants who mostly belong to the Sindhi community, get accommodation, food as well as a source to earn their livelihood in the city. With the help of political leaders and patronage of state government, it needs to be ensured that the migrants who arrive here on religious visa and later stay back on long term visa (LTV), face no legal trouble,\" said member of Sindhi Samaj, Bhojraj Wadhwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15557974", "title": "Pregnant women's death exposes health care system in Bhiwandi", "text": "THANE: When Farzana Ahmed Hussain went into labor with her third child on June 26, her family was confident of a natural delivery just like her two previous deliveries conducted at home with help from midwifes.Two hours after the 28-year-old Bhiwandi resident was wheeled into the operation theater of the City Maternity hospital, where Unani doctors attended her, Hussain had exchanged life for a bubbly daughter. The new-born will never get to see her mother now.While Hussain's sudden death has left the family distraught, especially her four-year-old daughter Ujma and son Mohammad Anash (6) who have been repeatedly calling for their mother, it has exposed the fragile health systems, the frightening maternal deaths in a bustling powerloom town and the mushrooming illegal hospitals and nursing homes doing brisk business, barely 50 km from the state capital Mumbai.Hussain was buried in silence on the same evening without any post-mortem to identify the cause of her death or even an authentic death certificate. The staff at the Bhusavar Mohalla crematorium here cremated her on the basis of a brief note issued by the City Maternity hospital stating that, she expired in ambulance while transferring to higher institute.''The role of the medical fraternity here has come under severe public scrutiny as not a single nursing home, hospital or a clinic here is registered with the Bhiwandi municipal corporation till date. Though the city boasts of about 500-plus clinics and has close to 90 nursing homes and hospitals, shockingly, none of them have the mandatory nursing license required for conducting their medical practice.The City Maternity hospital which admitted Hussain does not hold any nursing home license. Like the scores of other hospitals which are owned and run by Unani doctors, which has a gynecologist, obstetrician or pediatrician on call during emergency, this hospital is managed by Dr Shakira Iyas, who is also the health officer with the corporation,'' pointed out a Bhiwandi resident, adding that the risk of fatalities during pregnancies is high due to lack of trained medical professionals.State health officials said about 18 per cent to 20 per cent of the pregnancies are conducted at home with assistance of untrained midwives. Those who go to hospital are treated by Unani doctors who are illegally carrying out their practice and prescribing allopathic medicines without adequate knowledge. In fact, most of the deaths during pregnancies are never reported as they are conducted at home,'' a medical practitioner told TOI.Hussain's death too will remain an unsolved mystery as till date the City Maternity hospital has not reported the death in their hospital, as is mandated by law. It was only after the district quality assurance team held a meeting in Bhiwandi last week that the issue was brought to the notice of the state authorities by a citizen activist, who request anonymity.Dr Shakira when contacted by TOI, said, the patient was operated upon by a on-call gynecologist Dr Shahnaz who was assisted by anesthesia expert Dr Khan. She died due to respiratory problems. She was driven to another hospital but they refused to accept her and declared her dead before arrival. Her family insisted against doing a post mortem and so we handed over her body to them.''Hussain's father Zahir Ahmed Khan, however, holds the doctors at City Maternity home responsible for her death. It is a case of negligence by the hospital. A lady doctor was called more than an hour after she was taken to the operation theatre. We were told that Farzana has delivered a baby but no update was given about her health condition. When she was taken into the ambulance she had gone cold and her pulse was also not functioning. She died at the operation table,'' he alleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551549", "title": "\u2018Right to Healthcare is need of the hour\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: The demand for a Right to Healthcare Act has intensified with renowned cardiac surgeon Devi Prasad Shetty writing letters to MPs and MLAs in various states to make healthcare services affordable for poor.Dr Shetty, who is also chairman of Narayana Hrudayalaya, was in the city as its Jaipur hospital was awarded the international accreditation from Joint Commission International (JCI) making it the first hospital in Rajasthan to receive the prestigious recognition, the hospital sources said.\"In education sector, now there is Right to Education that guarantees education to all. So such an Act is needed in healthcare services too which guarantees healthcare to even poor. Time has come for people to start demanding Right to Healthcare,\" said Shetty.He said that he has already written to MPs and MLAs to convince the policy makers about the concept. Shetty pointed out that government employees are covered under health insurance but they get the reimbursement after 6 months to one year. In such a situation, how a poor person can expect healthcare service when he does not have money to pay, he asked. So, right to healthcare is a must and it will bring massive changes in healthcare.India churns out the highest number of doctors, nurses and other medical staff. Also, the drug companies have the capacity to produce medicine for whole world. So, there is no scarcity or shortcoming in healthcare services but there is a missing link which helps in providing healthcare services to all, especially poor. Because of this missing link, people who cannot afford healthcare services have to live without treatment. He said this missing link can be filled by Right to Healthcare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550801", "title": "Neta threatens Spanco vigilance squad over power theft raid", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another instance of politicians protecting power thieves, ex-Congress corporator Firoz Khan threatened members of Spanco vigilance squad when they were trying to check the meter of a consumer in Bhaldarpura.After receiving a tip-off, Spanco raided the premises of Mohammed Sadiq on Saturday. As soon as the members started testing Sadiq's meter, he gathered a mob to prevent them from checking the meter. When that did not help, he rang up Khan. The ex-corporator threatened the members with dire consequences if they did not leave immediately.Khan also threatened that he would gather the residents of Bhaldarpura and prevent Spanco officials from checking even a single meter in the locality. He also threatened to call up the chief minister.A Spanco official told TOI that when Khan realized that they were not subdued by his threats he asked them to set the meter right but not to levy any penalty from Sadiq. \"In the past too he has interfered in our raids. We have also learnt that in some cases he had taken money from consumers promising them to reduce the assessment amount.\"The squad members ignored the threats and examined the meter. It was found to be 80% slow. An assessment of 39,947 was made and Sadiq was booked under Electricity Act.In another case, Manohar Waswani, having an establishment on Ambedkar Road, was found pilfering power for manufacturing battery products. He had removed the scroll button and inserted a foreign object in the meter due to which it had stopped registering power consumption. The theft amount was calculated at 1.44 lakh. In the third case, Rahul Waghmare, a resident of Ramabai Layout, had pilfered power worth 81,364 by inserting a loop in his meter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15551113", "title": "BJP hits out at CM over riots", "text": "The BJP on Saturday organized a march from Vasudev Balwant Phadke Chowk (Metro circle) to Azad Maidan to condemn the desecration of the Amar Jawan memorial during the August 11 riots. Over 1,500 people participated in the march amid heavy police bandobast. The BJP also turned the heat on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan over the riots. While reiterating the party's demand for the resignation of home minister RR Patil and police commissioner Arup Patnaik, BJP's city unit chief Raj Purohit slammed the CM for not announcing an independent judicial inquiry into the violence. The BJP has demanded a probe by an acting high court judge into the incident. \"What is holding Chavan back? Why is he hesitating to order a judicial inquiry,\" Purohit questioned. BJP leader Ram Naik criticized PM Manmohan Singh of not visiting the memorial during his visit to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553722", "title": "Class 12 boards to have questions on values in 2013", "text": "New Delhi: Don't be surprised next year if during your Class XI final and XII board exams you find a question which does not strictly adhere to the subject. The Central Board of Secondary Education has decided to introduce 'value-based questions' of three to five marks in all the major subjects. Value-based questions will be introduced in 15 subjects.'Aditya participated in a group discussion in his school on the ill effects of tobacco on human health. In the evening he goes with his family for dinner and insists on sitting in the 'non-smoking area' to which his father (who is a heavy smoker) objects . In this situation, who wins your support \u2014 Aditya's concern for health and environment, or his father's objection? Justify giving two reasons. Also, suggest any three effective propaganda campaigns for anti-tobacco awareness' . The aforementioned lines is actually a question sample that a biology student of Class XII can expect next year.The chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi, said, \"CBSE has decided to follow an interdisciplinary approach in value education where values are intermingled with the content of all the major subjects in Classes XI and XII . The Board has also decided to add 5% weightage in the major subjects (English, Hindi, mathematics, biology , physics, chemistry, accountancy , history, geography , business studies, entrepreneurship and economics ) in Classes XI and XII through questions which will be integrated with the content of the subject and analysed on the basis of the values it reflects.\"The questions will be for five marks in a paper of 100 marks and three to four marks in a question paper of 70-90 marks, which will \"come into effect from next year\" .According to the document announcing the introduction of the value-based questions, it has been widely felt that the existing educational ecosystem needs to be further strengthened to deliver values enshrined in the Constitution of India. The curricula cutting across all subjects need to articulate values in explicit terms and the assessment schemes, but at the same time must reciprocate by assigning weightage to value-based items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "in a busy thoroughfare in pune, a flight of stairs takes you to the clinic of dr uday s kulkarni. a former surgeon with the indian navy, dr kulkarni now practises independently. but besides being a doc, he also has another side to him \u2014 one which you get a glimpse of, when you spot an old painting on his table. ask him about it and he will tell you that it's a maratha painting depicting sadashiv rao bhau with his artillery chief, ibrahim khan gardi. in fact, the painting is a reflection of his other side \u2014 the one that he is passionate about. for, dr kulkarni is an avid history buff, who has recently authored solstice at panipat", "code": "15552263", "title": "The new historians", "text": "In a busy thoroughfare in Pune, a flight of stairs takes you to the clinic of Dr Uday S Kulkarni. A former surgeon with the Indian Navy, Dr Kulkarni now practises independently. But besides being a doc, he also has another side to him \u2014 one which you get a glimpse of, when you spot an old painting on his table. Ask him about it and he will tell you that it's a Maratha painting depicting Sadashiv Rao Bhau with his artillery chief, Ibrahim Khan Gardi. In fact, the painting is a reflection of his other side \u2014 the one that he is passionate about. For, Dr Kulkarni is an avid history buff, who has recently authored Solstice At Panipat: 14 January 1761, a non-fiction book on the Third Battle of Panipat between the Marathas under Bhau and the Afghans under Ahmed Shah Abdali.A number of people like Dr Kulkarni are the new history writers of today. They are doctors, engineers and management graduates. Compared to conventional historians, they lack years of training, but they show the same finesse in writing about the past.Historian Aroon Tikekar is the president of the Asiatic Society of Mumbai. He believes that new people entering the discipline is a positive trend, but he also advises caution. \"It's a good thing that people from other areas of expertise are showing more than a positive interest in history. But eventually, we will have to find a way to teach them the methodology, historical theories, handling of material and the like. An unbridled growth in the number of non-professional historians can have far-reaching consequences not necessarily positive. We don't want a situation where future generations will be confused about what to believe and what not to.\"It's a view not necessarily shared by the new historians. \"Non-specialists writing history is part of a process that I believe is the re-democratization of the historical narrative,\" says Parag Tope, a former management consultant who is currently managing a start-up. \"We are simply trying to hand history back to its rightful owners \u2014 all of us. Humanities is a subject rife with biases and manipulation. It needs to be taken away from academia and government.\"Incidentally, Tope is a direct descendant of Tatya Tope, a key figure of the 1857 uprising. He has also recently authored a book named Operation Red Lotus on the events of 1857. \"There are a lot of myths surrounding the 1857 revolution, most of them propagated by the British,\" he says. \"One of them was the capture, trial and execution of Tatya Tope. But I have reliable information to prove it otherwise. Tatya Tope was never captured and hanged; he died in battle at Chhipa Barod in Rajasthan. Also, the movement was not a sudden outburst. It was a planned outbreak organized by Indian princes. We have a lot of evidence that shows that red lotuses and chappatis had been circulated in sepoy cantonments as well as villages, which were messages telling them to get organized .\"The next big myth, he adds, was calling the Scindias traitors. \"There is evidence that shows that Baija Bai Scindia took the lead in organizing the movement and Jiwaji Rao Scindia gave tacit support to the Indian forces, although he didn't do it openly.\" However, not everyone agrees with his claims. Some historians like to call his work as \"revisionist\". Like Ninad Bedekar, who is an engineer but considered an authority on forts. \"Whenever descendants of historical personalities write on history, they tend to favour their ancestors,\" he says. \"The Scindias supporting the 1857 movement sounds like a fantastic claim; but where are those papers supporting it? There are a lot of documents pertaining to the era with the Scindia family, which they have not made public. But as far as their role in the 1857 movement is concerned, we have every reason to believe they sided with the British.\" Dr Kulkarni adds his own bit to the debate: \"Sometimes emotions cloud the judgement of writers. Panipat is one episode which has been forever associated with great loss. When I wrote my book, I wanted to present the facts as they were, instead of dramatizing things.\" In any case, history writing has seen a new dimension. The discipline might gain because of people trained in different streams bringing their own perspective. But then, a definite answer lies only in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15551084", "title": "Centre okays Elgin Mill revival package", "text": "Kanpur: The closed Elgin Mills Limited and Kanpur Textile Limited, associated with British India Corporation Limited, will be revived soon. The employees of these mills will get their dues and other benefits.The Union cabinet on Friday approved the revival plan of these closed mills and granted of Rs 160.98 crore for various purposes, including revival of mills.It was decided that the employees of Elgin Mills Limited and Kanpur Textiles Limited will be given due salaries and other emoluments. They will get a chance to opt voluntary retirement scheme, if they desire. The surplus land of the company would be sold to generate funds.Union coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal expressed pleasure over the development and thanked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his colleagues for helping in reviving the closed mills. It is expected that the state government will transfer the surplus mill land into freehold.Once these mills become functional, the employees will be the benefited ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551237", "title": "Dresses from Pakistan woo women", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day before the 'chand-raat' - the last day of Ramzan, the narrow bylanes of Aminabad and Nazirabad were a chock-a-bloc. From garments shops and chikan outlets to eating joints and footwear shops, there was buzz all over. To attract customers, shopkeepers were doing all - from displaying the latest collections to offering good discounts.For clothing, especially for women , there is plenty of designs and varieties. The in-thing this Eid is the Pakistani suits. The long length suits are getting popular because of heavy work. \"These suits have 'bariza' work and resham embroidery done on them. They looks heavy and are perfect for Eid celebrations,'' said Mohd Danish, a shopkeeper at Nazirabad. He said 'bariza' work is the most famous in Pakistan . Pakistani kurtis too are a major attraction.Starting from Rs 2,400, these suits go up to Rs 4,000. \"The cost of these suits depends upon the fineness of work and the cloth material. The suits in cotton are priced differently than those on chiffon or georgette material,'' said Danish. He added that the most popular pattern of Pakistani suits is French Knots. In this, big flowers are made by doing French Knots. Priced at Rs 3,800, these suits are a little high on pocket.But for those who cannot afford these, there are anarkali suits.High on demand, the dress material is being preferred by both students and housewives.Besides, there are designer suits that too are in vogue.The shopkeepers said the demand for designer suits is so high that even two days before Eid, they have run out of stocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556808", "title": "Secondary hypertension on the rise says doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: For more than a year, Sonali Malhotra kept popping in pills to control high blood pressure; sometimes as per the advice of the doctors and often on her own. But when the condition became life-threatening with blood pressure level rising as high as 220 she approached AIIMS where doctors found that tumours in her thyroid and both the adrenal glands led to the shooting up of her blood pressure. But she is not alone.According to the doctors, a number of people suffering from secondary hypertension - high blood pressure caused by problems like adrenal tumor, artery blockage or malfunctioning of the kidney - fail to diagnose the real problem and take medicines to control it.\"Due to lifestyle problems like obesity and diabetes, hypertension among younger patients has increased. So people tend to think is very normal. This case highlights the need for right diagnosis and treatment of patients below 40 years of age who are suffering from high blood pressure. Secondary hypertension is increasing and if the treatment for the underlying disease is not done on time, it can prove fatal also,\" said Misra. He said that Malhotra suffered from a rare condition where there was tumour in both her thyroid and the adrenal glands.\"A team of 20 doctors, including anesthesia team, operated on her to remove the tumours that were causing high blood pressure. The biggest problem was to control blood pressure level while she was undergoing the operation. This was done by making small incisions and continuous monitoring of the patient. The surgery took more than eight hours,\" Misra added.Significantly, at least six family members of the patient - all women - were found to be suffering from the same problem, which the doctors said can be reflective of high incidence of adrenal tumour-induced hypertension in women.\"Two of her relatives died due to secondary hypertension while four others were diagnosed with the disease. The fact that all of them are women makes a strong case about that factv that adrenal tumour induced hypertension is more common in women. We are going to study it further and publish it in medical journal for peer-review,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551031", "title": "Actress arrested for insulting tricolour", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Saturday arrested model-cum-small-time actress Gehna Vashisht (22) from her residence at Oshiwara in Andheri, Mumbai, for allegedly insulting the national flag.A police team brought her to Pune for further investigations after informing the Oshiwara police station.Senior police inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station said, Gehna was arrested on a complaint registered by Ravindra Bramhe, national secretary of Ram Vilas Paswan's Lok Jan Shakti Party.According to Joshi, Bramhe had allegedly seen on Youtube that Gehna had tied the tricolour around her waist. He had lodged the complaint against her on July 16, 2012.Joshi said, \"We don't know when the incident had taken place as Bramhe had not given any information in this regard. We will produce Gehna before a magisterial court on Sunday\".Gehna was arrested under section 2 (insult to Indian national flag and Constitution of India) of the Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act, 1971. Inspector (crime) S G Kenjale is investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554984", "title": "Elton John-Steve Tyler world's worst dressed men", "text": "Elton John, Steven Tyler and Nicholas Cage have been voted as the worst dressed men in the entertainment industry by American magazine GQ.John was not alone in the list as his partner David Furnish was also included in the list for their odd dresses, the Herald Sun reported.Actor Corey Feldman made the list for wearing clothes that wouldn't have gotten him away with even in the worst of the 1980s.Will Ferrell dressing sense is more like that was worn in 1973, while Rufus Wainwright has an outrageous dressing like for example he once wore an orange belt with brown sandals.The Aerosmith vocalist looks more like an anoerexic in his clothes, while Cage's attire suggested that he actually desires to be fashion forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15551353", "title": "Two youth held for catching parakeets", "text": "PONDA: The flying squad of North Goa forest department on Friday arrested two youth for trapping three parakeets at Dhakan-Marcaim in Ponda.The youth, from Cuncolim in Salcete, were released on Saturday. The three birds were then released in the forest area at Ponda.Deputy conservator of forests (DCF) Pradeep Verekar revealed on Saturday that the the youth were catching parakeets on the Dhakne hillock of on Friday evening and some animal lovers informed the department about the activity.On receiving the information, the department immediately passed on the message to the flying squad headed by range forest officer (RFO) Dharajeet Naik, who moved swiftly and intercepted a car belonging to the accused at Marcaim.The duo, Jessel Fernandes, 31, and Netaji Gaonkar, 35, both residents of Panzorconni-Cuncolim in Salcete, were found in the car with three parakeets. The squad detained the duo and handed them over to Ponda forest authorities who arrested them under Section 9 of the Wild Life Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kohima/dimapur", "code": "15552251", "title": "Nagaland sends goodwill teams to Pune, Bangalore", "text": "KOHIMA/DIMAPUR: The Nagaland government has sent goodwill teams to Pune and Bangalore for coordinating with the state governments concerned, education institutions and student unions to render all possible assistance in the matter.The team to Bangalore, led by state power minister Doshehe Sema, left Dimapur on Saturday. He told TOI that he would meet Karnataka chief minister and press for security and protection from the people of northeast in Bangalore. Another team, headed by state agriculture minister Chumben, has also left for Pune.Chief minister Neiphiu Rio on Friday took stock of the situation and tried to analyze the problem which had triggered mass exodus of students and workers hailing from Nagaland and other northeastern states from these two cities, said chief secretary Lalthara.Nagaland government has also opened a control room in the police headquarters to monitor the situation in Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad and other cities, where there has been a threat perception among students and professionals from NE.Police control rooms will provide information on giving guidance to people returning from these cities. The numbers to be dialed are 0370-100/2244279 and 03862-2288400. They will coordinate all activities connected with the setting up of guidance centres at Dimapur railway station, Dimapur airport and Guwahati railway station.These centres will keep a proper record of people returning to Nagaland and also will arrange for their temporary accommodation.Nagaland higher &amp; technical education department has also set up another control room-cum-facilitation centre in Kohima to keep track of the affected students. They will keep records of students, who have come back, and also help them in planning their return to their respective places by liaising with other state governments concerned and heads of education institutions.Resident commissioner, New Delhi, and joint resident commissioner, Guwahati, will also set up facilitation centres in Delhi and Guwahati respectively and report the movement of students and others to the state government.Meanwhile, hundreds of panic-stricken natives of Nagaland and Manipur have reached Dimapur railway station on Saturday evening. The first batch of 28 people had already arrived by Jan Satabadi Express in the morning. They had all come from Bangalore.The exodus of NE people from Bangalore, Mumbai, Pune and other cities began a few days ago following rumours that people of NE would be targeted before August 20. Hokheto, a youth who works as a bartender in Bangalore, said they left Bangalore because of rumours. He said since he has a job, he would go back after situation normalizes.Another boy, Boshika said he had heard about the threats from his friends that they should leave Bangalore by August 20. He was not sure whether he would again join his job. Likaba, working as a salesman in Bangalore echoed similar views and said some of his friends told him about the threat.Dimapur district administration has made all sorts of arrangements for people coming from Bangalore, Pune Mumbai, Hyderabad to Dimapur, especially those who belong to Manipur. Special bus service has been initiated for Manipur students. A camp has been put up at Dimapur Railway station to help the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15550848", "title": "Bid to build bridges with iftar party", "text": "Natives of the northeastern states were special invitees at an iftar party organized in Dharavi by an NGO on Saturday. Aimed at sending out a message to the northeast natives that they shouldn't feel threatened and that Muslims don't hold grudge against them, Gulzar Waqar Khan of Hum Sab Ek Hain Foundation had organized the event.\"They are our brothers and sisters. Why should they leave the city? We invited them to build bonds and send a message that they should not be scared,\" said Khan, son of social worker late Waqar Khan, the man behind the pictures\u2014featuring Hindu, Muslim, Sikh and Christian\u2014symbolizing communal harmony. Today, the pictures have been put up outside all police stations. Abraham Mathai of Harmony Foundation, who attended the iftar, called it \"historic\".In 1994, Waqar Khan shot pictures of boys from the four communities in traditional dresses. Later the pictures were put up outside all city police stations. Interestingly, the Hindu boy in the picture, whose head is tonsured, is Gulzar, when he was 8. \"When my father didn't get a Hindu boy, he took me to a barber and got my head tonsured. At that time I felt bad, but now I feel it was a beautiful idea,\" said Gulzar. The National Institute of Jihad against Atrocities and Terrorism (NIJAAT) has launched a helpline for northeast natives: 9820102786 / 9987427786.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15555092", "title": "An artist's bid to bridge the India-Pakistan gap", "text": "ATTARI: Amid reports of unrest among Pakistani Hindu's, a truck artist from Pakistan, Haider Ali is committed to bridge gap between people of India and Pakistan by exhibiting their shared culture, communal harmonies , human heroes , heritage buildings in a colorful pattern of paintings on trucks both in India and Pakistan.Having roots in India , Haider Ali is all committed to promote Indo Pak friendship through his creative art of truck painting which, according to him, spreads message of peace and showcase cultures of different regions through the length and breath of Pakistan.Haider Ali, 32, is in India to paint his first truck at Sarhad, a restaurant near Attari border. While talking to TOI on Sunday, he said many persons who had migrated to Pakistan from different cities and were in transport business would ask him to paint symbolic buildings of their region or common heroes on their trucks. \"Person from Agra would want Taj Mahal , another person from Delhi would want to see Jama Maszid on his truck and similarly someone from Peshawar region of Pakistan would like to get Kyber Gate painted on his truck\" he said while adding that demand was endless as everyone wanted to decorate theirs trucks.He said his father Mohammad Sardar hailed from Jalandhar and was a painter by profession. Most common themes of truck painting were the joint culture of Indo Pak villages like women sitting near well, drawing water from well, taking food for her husband to fields. \"Both countries share similar culture and depiction of the same gives me immense pleasure as it helps bridging differences among people\".Bolloywood crazy truck drivers and owners first choice was getting their trucks painted with photographs of Ashiwarya Rai, Madhuri Dixit , Mamta Kulkarni and many liked Lady Diana's and folk singer Atta Ullaha Khan's paintings. On an average a truck driver or owner shell out anything between Rs 3 to 5 lakhs for the painting a truck, flouresecne tape and other steel material costs extra.He has painted a truck for 2002 Smithsonian Folklife Festival for Rs 15 lakh and have also painted a vintage Bedford truck during an exhibition held by Luton Cultural Service Trust. He said it takes 2 to 25 members of team to paint a big truck- depending on the work. Aman Jaspal , owner of the restaurant said he had met Haider Ali during one of his trip to Pakistan and was impressed to see his truck painting art and decided to introduce him in India . Haider said many local truck and tractor owners had started approaching him for getting their vehicles painted in typical Pakistani style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15552729", "title": "16-year-old shoots down Sikh man in US, arrested", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 16-year-old high school student has been arrested on charges of killing an elderly Sikh in Milwaukee, where only days back a shootout at a gurdwara had left six worshippers dead. The suspect has been charged with first-degree reckless homicide-party to a crime and possession of a firearm by a felon. If convicted he could be sentenced up to 70 years in prison. The suspect, a high school student made a court appearance on Friday afternoon. The judge set bail at $250,000. The suspect is scheduled to be back in the court on Monday, a local TV station reported. The deceased Dalbir Singh, 56, assisted his nephew Jatinder Singh in running a grocery store in the city. The incident happened on Wednesday night when some unidentified men entered the shop and put a gun to Jatinder Singh head. Jatinder Singh said he and his uncle made it back into the store and pushed the side door shut, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported . But one of the men fired a shot through the door, killing Dalbir Singh.Michelle to meet gurdwara victimsUS first lady Michelle Obama will travel to Wisconsin next week to meet the victims and family members of the Oak Creek gurdwara shooting that killed six Sikh worshippers. The scheduled visit of the first lady is on August 23, the White House said adding it was part of Obama administration's reach out to the Sikh community who were shattered by the Gurdwara shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15553100", "title": "Another village joins anti-tobacco drive, bans all products", "text": "Noida: Taking a cue from other villages, Parthala Khanjarpur \u2014 a village in Sector 122 \u2014 has banned the consumption of tobacco.To spread awareness about the dangers of tobacco use, a mahapanchayat is scheduled in the city on August 26, which will see the participation of over 100 villages in Noida and Greater Noida.Cancer patients and doctors will also be present at the mahapanchayat. After Sarfabad, Sorkha, Behlolpur and Hoshiyarpur, Parthala Khanjarpur is the fifth village to announce the ban. Village administrators have said that heavy fines will be imposed on those who disobey the order. \"Not only those found consuming tobacco products, but even sellers won't be spared. They will have to cough up a fine of Rs 1,000. Those who inform the panchayat about vendors selling tobacco products will be rewarded,\" said Raghubeer, village headman of Parthala Khanjarpur.\"We want to spread awareness on the issue, specially among the youth. Smoking is a waste of money and leads to a number of health problems,\" said Naresh Yadav, Sorkha village headman.The mahapanchayat will be held at the Sector 61 community centre.The trend began in July 2012 with Sarfabad being the first village to ban tobacco products. Residents of Sarfabad say that the decision was inspired by the increasing number of young smokers in the village.\"Wrestling and fitness used to be the main activities taken up by the village youth. But now, we are coming across more and more smokers. Others chew gutka. This is not a healthy habit,\" said Mukesh Yadav, a resident of Sarfabad.Doctors and cancer patients will also speak about the ill-effects of smoking at the mahapanchayat.\"There are a number of health problems associated with smoking. It's also a waste of money. We are hoping that speaking to doctors and cancer patients will help our children kick this addiction,\" said Rughubee.aniruddha.ghosal@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550718", "title": "Cattle menace claims man\u2019s life", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) apathy in finding a solution to the stray cattle menace in the city has claimed the life of a 32-year-old man, who had married just two months ago. Prashant Sharma, an 8th mail resident, succumbed to his injuries five days after he hit a stray buffalo near ordnance factory road on August 10 at around 10.30pm.Sharma, who owned a furniture shop on Wadi road, was on his way home when the accident occurred. His father, Shashivardhan, a retired employee of ordnance factory, is planning to register a complaint against the civic authorities for negligence. Sharma was Shashivardhan's only son and the family's sole earner.Akhilesh Pande, a relative, said that Sharma had taken a short cut home. \"He took a turn from Defence road to go along the Ordnance Factory Road. It was very dark as the streets lights were not functioning. In the dark, he didn't see the buffalo which was sitting in the middle of the road and crashed into it,\" said Pande.Sharma, who was not wearing a helmet, suffered head injuries. Few nearby residents rushed him to the Ordnance Factory hospital where the doctors referred him to a private hospital at Ravi Nagar square. But since the hospital didn't have a CT scan machine, Sharma was shifted to another private hospital in Dhantoli.After undergoing treatment for a day, he was again referred to Wockhardt hospital at Shankar Nagar on August 12. Sharma after under going treatment for two days succumbed to his injuries, on Tuesday.Pande said that despite of several complaints, yet no action has been taken by the authorities in solving the stray cattle menace.\"There is hardly any area in the city which is free from stray cattle. Whether it is the market roads, highway, narrow roads or main roads, cattles are seen everywhere. Particularly in the night and also in the absence of street lights it is difficult to see the cattles sitting in the middle of the road. Motorists have to apply brakes at the last moment making them lose their balance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15552668", "title": "Temporarily ban social networking sites: JD(U)", "text": "NEW DELHI: JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav on Saturday came out with a demand for a temporary ban on social networking sites, claiming that it will help check rumour mongering that is leading to exodus of people from the northeast.Arguing that the government's order to ban bulk SMSs won't be adequate to help restore normalcy, Sharad Yadav demanded that those spreading rumours through social networking sites should be identified and punished. \"These sites should themselves come forward to help the country trackdown these anti-social and anti-national forces... If they don't volunteer, the government should temporarily suspend these operations in national interest,\" he said.The JD(U) leader, also the NDA convener, was critical of the Centre for not getting the sites to disclose the identity of those fanning rumours. Expressing his shock over the \"helplessness\" of the \"incompetent\" central government, Yadav said, \"It even failed to visualise the magnitude of the problem in the first place and devise a proper plan to take firm action against anti-national elements, who used social networking sites to spread canards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553696", "title": "Cops get week to crack Kanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday sent former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda to police custody for seven days in connection with the Geetika Sharma suicide case . Delhi Police had pleaded that his custodial interrogation was required for recovery of various material related to the case.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala accepted the argument of the police that for the recovery of vital evidence from Gurgaon , Sirsa and other places - like laptops , mobile phones and various sim cards , from which Kanda allegedly used to call Geetika - his custody was needed .Kanda was produced before the court of the ACMM at 4 pm after he surrendered before the police in early hours of Saturday morning . Wearing a black and white striped shirt and black trousers , Kanda was brought to the court amid tight security ; the police were guarding the area around the Rohini court complex since morning . As soon as Kanda was brought inside the court complex , hundreds of his supporters , who had been waiting to see him since morning , along with mediapersons and lawyers , gathered around him , prompting the police to take him inside the courtroom in a protective circle of armed cops .During the hearing , the police sought his custody for 14 days on the ground that all the circumstances leading to the suicide of Geetika can be unearthed only by sustained custodial interrogation of the accused .Giving out details of investigation done so far , the prosecutor said that while searching his office, the police found that the hard disks of the computer of Geetika , Kanda and his employee , Aruna Chaddha , were missing . \"It seems that someone is trying to destroy the evidence ,\" Rajiv Mohan said . He said Geetika's mother had recorded her statement before a magistrate under Section 164 of Cr PC. The prosecutor said Kanda used to call Geetika from different numbers, none of whichwas registeredin his namebutin the name of his defunct airline company , MDLR's employees . He said several SMS es were sent from several numbers on Geetika's phone and they had obtained the call detail records which Kanda was required to be confronted with.He said Geetika had in her suicide note spelt out the \"circumstances of transaction\" which resulted in her death and the name of Kanda was written in the note.The prosecutor said that they had to recover various material evidence , especially electronic records , which they could do only through Kanda . \"The evidence is either at the house, office or with him . He is also required to be confronted with coaccused Aruna Chaddha , who is currently in judicial custody in connection with the case ,\" the prosecutor said . He added that Kanda while appointing Geetika as a director in his MDLR group had set a condition that she would report to him everyday in the evening .Opposing the plea for police custody , Kanda's counsel , Ramesh Gupta , said that there were no justified grounds for remanding the accused to police custody . He said Kanda was not required for the purpose of custodial interrogation as his premises and office have already been searched and accusations that he is was an absconder were irrelevant now as his client had himself surrendered before the police .A magisterial court had on Thursday issued a non-bailablewarrant (NBW) againstK anda andthe court had asked the police to execute the arrest warrant by August 24.Aruna Chaddha , a senior officials with MDLR Airlines ,has already been arrested andisin judicial custody in connection with the suicide of Geetika .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15552523", "title": "Speeding pvt bus rams two buses, injures 35", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A chain accident involving three buses left 35 persons injured at Cheruvannoor near Feroke on Saturday. Four persons, who were seriously injured, have been admitted to the medical college hospital here.The accident happened when a Tirur-bound private bus from Kozhikode collided with another private bus and a KSRTC bus.Police said the bus to Tirur tried to overtake the other private bus and rammed into the KSRTC bus, which was heading to Kozhikode from Thrissur. Police said a case was registered.Two pedestrians killed in accidentsTwo pedestrians were killed in as many accidents at Elathur on Saturday. Asya (55), a native of Elathur, was killed after a car knocked her down while she was crossing the national highway. In the second accident, a two-wheeler hit Abdulla (75), who was returning home after performing Namaz at Elathur Mosque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15553270", "title": "Vinoba Bhave University professor held for molesting student during trip", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A large number of students of University Law College staged a demonstration on the Vinoba Bhave University campus on Saturday to protest against the alleged molestation of a girl student by Professor Rajeev Ranjan during a recent trip to Odisha. The students, who are demanding immediate action against the professor, not only stopped the functioning of the college which has re-opened after the vacation, but dragged out the accused professor from his chamber and assaulted.Law College authorities informed the police when the situation got out of hand. Officer-in-charge of Sadar police station Dinesh Kumar Singh said angry students were demanding the arrest of the accused professor. The victim informed the police and principal of the college about the incident on her return to Hazaribag. The girl said that since the incident took place outside Jharkhand, she was scared to approach authorities in a state which was totally unknown to her.\"The police team recorded the statement of the victim. She alleged that the professor misbehaved and molested during the study tour to Odisha earlier this month. We have lodged an FIR and the accused professor has been arrested. There is another accused named Ashutosh and we are conducting raids to arrest him,\" said the officer. Varsity vice chancellor R N Bhagat and other senior officials could not be contacted as they were not in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15552740", "title": "CBI to give 1L reward for information on Assam riots", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Saturday announced a cash reward of up to Rs 1 lakh to anyone who could provide credible information which could lead to the identification or arrest of those behind the Assam violence. A team of special crime unit is camping in Assam to probe seven cases of violence registered by it from three districts in connection with the ehnic riots, sources said.CBI spokesman Dharini Mishra said people can come forward with any helpful information, photo or audio-visual clip by calling on the special helpline numbers: 08811099997 and 08811099996. He added that their identity would be kept secret.Meanwhile, the CBI team has recovered some video clips belived to be of an attack on a hostel in Kokrajhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15556512", "title": "Duty evasion cases at Mumbai Airport Increase in 2010-11", "text": "MUMBAI: It may be a spurt in the number of people trying to evade duty, or an increased vigilance and intelligence gathering on part of customs. Duty evasion cases have gone up almost three fold in the past two years. From a measly 257 cases in 2009-10, customs officials at Mumbai airport detected a whooping 863 cases in 2010-11.No wonder, the revenue from the goods and detentions has also gone up by almost double.As per the official data provided by the customs office, 385 cases of duty evasion were recorded in 2008-09; it dropped to 257 in 2009-10.However, there was a significant jump in 2010-11, with 863 cases. The data shows revenue earned from payment of duty on baggage (duty on goods exceeding permitted value) was Rs 4 crore. The Customs made Rs 8 crore, double from the previous year. The total revenue earned by the commiserate (including revenue from baggage and duty charged at the Diamond Plaza, and penalty and fees paid to reclaim seized goods and the courier department) went up from Rs 282 crore (2009) to Rs 325 crore (2010).Officials attribute the jump in revenue and the number of cases to various factors. Firstly, customs officials claim that their network and intelligence is better than ever before. Also, the purchasing power of the passengers travelling abroad has also gone up. Many of these passengers do not declare the goods on arrival leading to heavy penalty. The sheer number of passengers going abroad has also gone up in the last five years leading to much more unintentional duty evasion by passengers who are plainly ignorant of the customs rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550850", "title": "Hunt on for two of family who scalded, tortured maid", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are on the lookout for two women from Oshiwara who allegedly tortured and scald their maid. The two may even face arrest in the case.On Friday, Tanaz Irani and her mother, Gover, were booked for causing hurt with dangerous weapons and wrongful restraint. \"Policemen went to their residence but found it locked and they are untraceable. We are recording the statements of witnesses in the case,\" said Dilip Rupawate, senior inspector of Oshiwara police station.Tanaz's friend had referred the victim to the Iranis and the maid had been staying with them for the last few months.On Wednesday, Tanaz called her friend and asked her to take the victim back to her home as she was \"unfit for work\". When Tanaz's friend visited the Iranis the next day she found that the maid had been tortured. Later, she informed an activist about it and they decided to approach the police. \"The police should slap non-bailable sections in the case along with the atrocities act because the maid belongs to a tribal community and has sustained grievous injuries,\" former corporator Nicholas Almeida said.The victim's mother has been questioned over the terms of her daughter's employment. \"The Iranis had hired the victim last year, but she quit her job temporarily. The accused engaged her once again and forced her to do household chores,\" a senior police officer said.According to the victim, Tanaz and Gover would scald her and cut her skin with knives when they found her work unsatisfactory.Her medical examination revealed that she had sustained serious burns and cut injuries. The victim lived in Andheri (E) with her mother.On Friday, an activist accompanied her to Sahar police station to file a case, which was later transferred to the Oshiwara police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552785", "title": "Mosque gives shelter to northeast men", "text": "Community participation is the need of the hour to make people from the northeast feel at home, said N A Haris, MLA, Shanthinagar. On Saturday, Akbari mosque in Neelasandra provided shelter to northeast men.\"The maulvis started this initiative and they're hosting an iftar party. There are efforts to give accommodation to women in some hostels. This is the confidence building exercise of the Muslim community,\" Haris said. \"It's good that religious leaders are trying to help us with food and shelter,\" said Bishal, who is from Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15553058", "title": "Rs 298 crore to upgrade courts: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharahstra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday said that in the past two years, 48 lakh cases have been disposed of across all courts in the state. He also said while the Centre no longer funds fast-track courts, the state has continued to run 105 fast-track courts in the state. He also said that in the current fiscal year, Rs 298 crore has been set aside for upgradation of judiciary in the state. He said its use is for setting up 128 new court building premises and staff quarters across the state.The CM, while addressing a gathering at the concluding function of Bombay High Court's 150 years' celebrations , said that judiciary in the state is at the forefront of reforms in the country and that the HC has kept abreast even with the information revolution.He did say that the huge backlog was worrying but hoped that the national litigation and state litigation policy would help reduce the pendency to three years since judiciary is the ultimate guardian of rights of people. One way to reduce the pendency has been by holding maha lok adalats, he said and added that the state has amended the city civil courts act to give it greater jurisdiction.A PM's first visitChief Justice of the Bombay High Court Mohit Shah announced with delight a fact that would otherwise have slipped by. Manmohan Singh is the first Prime Minister to visit the Bombay High Court, he said in his speech. The PM who floored all judges with his humility was invited by the Chief Justice to visit the exhibition on 150 years of the HC, on at the historic central court room where Lokmanya Tilak's trial was held. His innocent query was whether he could visit court premises in his trademark churidar kurta. He did visit and was happy and so was Justice Altamas Kabir of Supreme Court who said he felt a sense of deja vu, coming as he does originally from the high court in Kolkata, which was established on July 1, 1862, and beat Bombay HC by about a month.It is remarkable that the first Chief Justice, Attorney General and Solicitor General of independent India were from the Bombay HC. Even more remarkable that these three significant positions (CJI S H Kapadia, AG Goolam Vahanvati and S G Rohinton Nariman) continue to be occupied by products of this bar even today PM Manmohan SinghThree imperative struggles lie ahead. One is the critical need to make justice available quickly to the common man. We need a system that punishes delays. Two, better distinction between powers of judiciary and executive and three, accountability and eradication of corruption through reforms not more laws Maharashtra Advocate General Darius KhambataWe need to introspect and see what we have been able to achieve for the people. Have we really been able to deliver justice for all the common men? Sometimes I feel we may not be able to fulfil what we set out to achieve. One way to reduce backlog is an alternate dispute redressal mechanism Justice Altamas Kabir, Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15552018", "title": "Granite baron P Palanisamy surrenders", "text": "MADURAI: Granite baron P Palanisamy of PRP Granites and Exports surrendered before the district police on Saturday.Palanisamy claimed he was away on a business trip and came to know that the police had filed cases against him under the Mines and Minerals Act and several sections of the IPC but surrendered even though an anticipatory bail is pending before Madurai bench of the Madras high court.Refuting all the charges, Palanisamy said a few government officials were trying to give the impression that he was involved in a large-scale scam for their personal gain. He claimed that his company was not involved in any illegal quarrying and carried out its activities as per rules. He surrendered only to prove that all the charges against him were false. Last week, raiding teams, which searched the premises of several granite companies, sealed the PRP office.Lawyers representing PRP and present at the district police office said Palanisamy was being foisted with cases. Advocates R C Paul Kanagaraj said the granite unit proprietor refuted all charges against him in writing. \"Police told us he will be produced in court on Sunday to be remanded and that he would be treated well. We have asked the police not to file any more false cases against him,\" he said.Madurai SP V Balakrishnan told mediapersons that among the 13 cases filed against quarry owners, Palanisamy has been charged in three cases. \"He will be interrogated by a team of investigators before he is produced before the court on Sunday afternoon. His advocates can visit him as per Supreme Court guidelines,\" he said. In a petition submitted to the SP, Palanisamy contented he was not involved in illegal quarry mining on government lands and he was quarrying granite as per the norms after getting proper licences.The illegal granite quarrying and subsequent loss to agriculture at Melur and the surrounding region occupied centre stage during the farmers grievance redress day meeting held on Friday.Farmers from Madurai district urged the district administration to consider the agricultural loss due to the illegal quarrying and provide compensation to those who were intimidated to part with their lands or obstructed to carry out farming activities by quarry owners for more than 20 years.Giving vent to their anger during the meeting, N Palanisamy, state president of the Tamil Nadu Sugarcane Farmers Association, charged that more than 30,000 acres of agricultural lands were lost due to quarry operations as the lands were bought by quarry barons for cheaper rates by intimidating farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15553168", "title": "Ajsu Party making inroads in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: The All JharkhandAjsu Party is trying to make in roads in Gumla which is a traditional turf of both the Congress and BJP. The regional party has been successful in this regard to a great extent given that several disgruntled office-bearers and ordinary members of the two national parties are joining the Ajsu Party in three assembly seats of the district -- Gumla, Sisai and Bishunpur.The process of shifting loyalty began in November last year when regional party organized a workers' meet. The latest development came up in the Sarna tribal-dominated Bishunpur assembly constituency with Congressman Ashok Oraon and his wife, Satwanti Devi, who is chairperson of the district council, joined Ajsu Party in presence party president Sudesh Kumar Mahto on Friday.As a local Congress leader Oraon was in the race for seeking a Congress ticket from Bishunpur seat in the past assembly elections. Former Congressman and member of the district council, Handu Bhagat, too shifted loyalty towards Ajsu Party. However it is the BJP whose cadres mainly left their previous allegiance and joined Ajsu Party.Chairman of Gumla Nagar Panchayat Raju Kacchap and former BJP district president have joined Ajsu Party. In last one month around 60 leaders of Congress and BJP have joined Ajsu Party from Dumri and Jari areas.Ajsu spokesman Chiranjan Mishra said: \"Both national parties experimented with tribal leadership in the government for 11 years. Now people here are seeing the Ajsu president as their leader as were neglected ever since the new state was carved out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "overland park (us)", "code": "15558764", "title": "Rahil Gangjee slips to 50th at Midwest Classic", "text": "Overland Park (US): Four birdies against three bogeys gave Rahil Gangjee a very modest one-under 70 in the third round of the Midwest Classic on Webcom Tour, formerly called Nationwide golf.Gangjee's round saw him slip from 40th to 50th on the leaderboard.Matt Weibring's third-round 6-under 65, which included an eight-foot birdie putt at the final hole, was enough to give him a one-stroke lead over defending champion James Nitties after 54 holes at the Midwest Classic.Weibring has a three-day total of 14-under 199.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552892", "title": "Cut in eligible \u2018benami\u2019 kin list to hit aam admi", "text": "The Parliamentary standing committee, in its report on The Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Bill, 2011, tabled recently, has sought to prune the definition of relatives in whose name benami property can be held.The exclusion provisions of the Bill are wide and benami transactions in the name of a spouse, brother or sister or any lineal ascendant or descendant are permitted. In other words, if the property is held in the name of such relatives, say one's brother, it would not be regarded as a benami transaction.The Committee has suggested that only property in the name of the spouse or unmarried daughter should be excluded from being regarded as benami. The ramifications of such a restriction are wide as a benami property can be confiscated by the authorities. On confiscation, all rights and title to the property vested with the central government and no consideration is paid to the real or benami owner.In general, a benami transaction is one where the property is held by a person (other than in a fiduciary capacity, such as a trustee) and another person has paid for it. This gives rise to the legal need to provide for exclusions from application of the law.The committee is of the strong view that benami transactions in the name of close relatives being treated as non-prohibitive will help culprits (including unethical public servants) who want to get out of the legal net. The MoF, in its reply has explained, \"Cases of joint ownership of property with relatives, where a person acquires a property but holds it in joint name with a relative, is an extremely common occurrence in India. Joint ownership with a female relative is also being encouraged as a conscious social policy by states and central government by reducing the rate of stamp duty. Prohibiting such transactions would cause hardship.\"Experts agree that the provisions of the Bill are practical and the stringent norms suggested by the committee will lead to hardship.Kalyan Chakarabarty, who deposed before the standing committee, said: \"There is a need to understand the difference between honest and dishonest benami transactions. The moot point is that there should be a proper audit trail. Thus, a system of registration or even voluntary disclosure where a person has paid for property which is in the name of say, his newly graduated grandson, should not be treated as benami and be subject to the threat of confiscation.\"The MoF in its reply to the committee has also explained that \"though a benami transaction could be used to disguise the real ownership of property to prevent detection of the illegal activity that produced it, but this may not always be the case and could even include avoiding of tax and social reasons.\"\"In India, it is common for individuals to acquire properties in joint names with close relatives such as spouse, parents, child or even siblings. In all cases, benami transactions are not necessarily entered into for using unaccounted money, but for genuine reasons like creating an asset in the hands of non-earning relatives or for legitimate tax planning or from superstitious belief that the property should be in the name of a particular person in the family,\" said Minal Sampat, partner of legal firm Kanga and Co.\"In India, we have large families and joint families and genuine family settlements will be adversely impacted if the narrow exclusion suggested by the committee is adopted,\" said Anil Harish, partner of legal firm DM Harish and Co.\"For instance, a family jointly runs a business. Now, A buys a flat, B can also be said to have an interest in the flat, as it is the funds from the family business that were used. It could be contended by the authorities that A was the benami for B. Various such instances, could lead to an endless rounds of inquiry and perhaps also confiscation of property, even in genuine cases,\" Harish explains.Currently, The Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988, exists. Unfortunately, as no rules were framed, it is not effective. This Act excluded property held in the name of the wife and unmarried daughter from being regarded as tainted benami transactions.\"A balance should be struck between the very wide exclusion provided in the Bill, where benami property can be held by a lineal ascendant or descendant several degrees away in relationship from the beneficial owner, and the extremely restrictive suggestion of the committee,\" said Sampat.The Bill provides that once a property is held in a benami name, the beneficial owner cannot transfer it back to his name. The MoF holds that this would deter misuse. However, the committee wants this provision to be reconsidered as it could infringe on The Transfer of Property Act, 1882.The Bill provides for three components of punishment, confiscation of property, imposition of 25% of fair market value of the property as fine and a jail sentence of up to two years. The committee suggests extension of the jail sentence to three years.Under the Bill, when a person dies during the course of proceedings against him, the proceedings would continue against the legal heir, starting from the stage at which it stood on the date of death. On this, the committee has taken a pragmatic and lenient view and suggested that in such cases only confiscation of the property would suffice and legal heirs should not be jailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhironda", "code": "15551375", "title": "Bhironda village panchayat motion opposes sale of land to outsiders", "text": "BHIRONDA: On Independence day, locals of Bhironda village panchayat in Sattari taluka unanimously passed a resolution opposing the sale of land to outsiders.Sarpanch Harsha Harichandra Kansekar, when contacted by TOI, said, \"The resolution was passed unanimously. I as a sarpanch, too backed the resolution as the sons of the soil, face a lot of problems due to changes in village demography.\" Village panchayat of Bhironda consists of Advoi, Bhironda, Vante, Ansole, Padeli and Savarshe villages where during the last 10 years some non-Goans were involved in the purchase of land, said Prashant Desai, a resident of Advoi.Harish Rane, who is a lawyer and resident said, \"Many plots were sold and our panchayat has no check on it.\"The resolution was proposed by Balasaheb Desai and was seconded by Harish Rane. Balasaheb Desai said, \"We don't want to repeat the situation that has been created on Moti dongor area near Margao in our village panchayat. So, we took the decision to pass the resolution at the gram sabha.\"When a property is sold, the villagers who are living in the area cannot enjoy any traditional rights and privileges. Many times observing fairs and festivals also become a problem,\" says Suvarnamala Desai, deputy sarpanch of Bhironda. Panchayat members Sukdo Gaonkar, Gokuldas Gawde, Subodh Desai, Teresa Andrade and Nitin Shivedekear were present for the gram sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15557406", "title": "Bombay HC conscious about subtle distinction between judicial overreach and judicial outreach: CJ Mohit Shah", "text": "MUMBAI: \"The Bombay High Court is conscious about subtle distinction between judicial overreach and judicial outreach,\" said Chief Justice Mohit Shah on Saturday. The Chief Justice while addressing a huge gathering of who's who in the judicial and legal field on the occasion of the HC's sesquicentennial celebrations spoke of the Bombay HC's responsible approach of its duties even before the Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia cautioned high court and apex court judges from straying out of the Constitutional scheme when dealing with challenges to laws in public interest or their better implementation.\"We take up public interest litigation not to overreach the separation of powers delineated in the Constitution, but to reach out to the people who are crying out for implementation of the Directive Principles of State policy, which are now being read into fundamental rights of the people, which we are bound to enforce,'' said Chief Justice Shah.The CJ informed that the Bombay HC has in the last one year also adopted innovative measures, \"which we hope to institutionalize.\" He said experiences shows that \"proper management of cases can result in a radical reduction of arrears.\" He also noted that a \"canvass of good governance includes well managed Courts.\"The Thirteenth Finance Commission has taken a significant step for providing for the appointment of Court managers. Chief Justice Shah said however, that unless terms of their appointment are made attractive, it may be difficult to induct \"talented professionals into the system\" and that's a issue which the Bombay HC even faced recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551197", "title": "Hospital alleges cop inaction in 2-year-old\u2019s death", "text": "MUMBAI: The death of a two-year-old girl, who allegedly succumbed to relentless torture by her parents, has raised questions about police inaction when it comes to child abuse by families. Sion Hospital claimed that though it had filed a medico-legal case last year, the police did little to help the girl.On August 3, the body of the child, Tanaaz Sayyed from Dharavi, was sent to Sion Hospital for post-mortem. When the hospital found that the body bore evidence of old, healed injuries, it realized that it had treated the same child even last year and that they had also lodged a medico-legal case with the Shahu Nagar police. \"She was brought to us in March 2011 with cough, cold and fever. When doctors found that she had injuries on her body, the case was sent to the forensics department,\" said Dr Rajesh Dere from the forensics department. Diagnosing the girl with battered baby syndrome, the department alerted the police. \"MRI and CT scans confirmed the diagnosis. Her thigh bone was also fractured,\" said Dr Dere. Tanaaz was discharged from there, but her case kept coming back to the hospital in the next one week.Shahu Nagar police admitted that Tanaaz's case was lodged last year, but they claimed to find \"nothing unusual. The parties concerned said the girl had had a fall and so the injuries\".Since March 2011, the family never returned to Sion Hospital with the girl till August 3, when her body was sent there for post-mortem. The hospital has reserved its opinion on the report. \"Her blood and tissue samples have been preserved,\" said Dr Dere. The Shahu Nagar cops have filed an accidental death case. \"We are awaiting the autppsy report,\" said SI N Mehetar.According to doctors, Tanaaz's is not a stray case. \"About 60% children we treat\u2014 not only from poor but also from middle class families\u2014are either physically or emotionally tortured by their parents,\" said Dr Samir Dalwai, developmental paediatrician. \"The most common reason is that either the child is hyperactive or s/he does not fare well in exams. Parents should understand that such kids suffer from sensory processing disorder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557395", "title": "Settai piggybacks on Mugamoodi", "text": "Clubbing trailers of upcoming films with hugely-anticipated films and promoting them is a concept that Hollywood does with every film. Of late, Kollywood too has taken a liking to this form of promotion and has been giving out first look of films during the release of a big film.Following this trend, UTV Motion Pictures will showcase the trailer of Settai , during the screening of their superhero film, Mysskin's Mugamoodi , which stars Jiiva Pooja Hegde and Narain.Settai is an official remake of the cult Bollywood comedy Delhi Belly which had Imran Khan in the lead. The Tamil version has Arya playing Imran's role with Santhanam and Premgi Amaren playing his friends. Anjali and Hansika are the female leads and the former has reportedly gone totally bold for this film and has shot for a kissing scene with Arya.The film is directed by R Kannan of Jayam Kondaan fame and has music by S Thaman. The film is expected to release for Pongal 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552092", "title": "Two more H1N1 deaths reported in the state", "text": "KOCHI: Two more people have succumbed to H1N1 in Kerala, taking the toll in the state this year to 14, the state health department officials said on Saturday.Sreekutty, an eight-year-old girl from Pazeri Paniya colony, near Chetalayam, Wayanad, and Chakkumpuram Kunheevi, 60, from Mongam in Malappuram district are the latest victims.The total number of H1N1 cases reported in the state this year has reached 571, the health officials said.The district-wise break-up of the cases is: Kozhikode-183, Malappuram-93, Thrissur-76, Kannur-64, Kasaragod-53, Wayanad-33, Alappuzha-21, Kottayam-17, Ernakulam-15, Palakkad-7, Kollam-4, Thiruvananthapuram-3 and Pathanamthitta-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15546321", "title": "Technology that gets you in shape", "text": "The 2012 London Olympics have come and gone. The celebrations were beautiful and we cheered for our teams and our favourite athletes and now it is time to look away from the television screens and then weep at our growing pot bellies . And the tech-savvy crowd generally does not have the perception of being too fit. But not to worry, advances in personal technology can help you get that ripped bodies that you've always wanted, or try to anyway. Here we look at some of the mobile apps that can help you in your personal fitness regimens.Nike+ running app Nike has understood its market. They're not just about making shoes anymore. They want to offer fitness. And they have developed an entire range of products to make technology work for you. The Nike+ running app, out of all the running apps in the market, seems to be the most popular, and it is available for iOS and Android devices.According to the Google Play store, the app has been downloaded over million times in the last 30 days. The phone's accelerometer and GPS measure your speed and track the distance you've run. You can also post your run on Facebook and have your friends cheer you on. It also has an option to play songs that get you pumped up (yes 'Eye of the Tiger' is right on top of your list). But another interesting thing about the app is that you can post about your runs on its social website Game On World and compete with your records and friends. But do be careful as this app is supported on Android 2.3 and above and may have some compatibility issues with some phones.Endomondo sports tracker Here is another sports app that can give Nike+ a run for its money. It also uses a combination of GPS and accelerometer to measure your speed and the distance you've covered. But in addition to your runs, it also has options for workouts in the gym.You can enter a workout manually and then share your workouts and runs with your friends on Facebook. The app also has an audio coach so that you can better yourselves. You can get motivational bits from your friends and the app converts messages to speech during the workout and run. The app is helpful for cycling enthusiasts too. It also allows you to integrate with h Sony Ericsson's SmartWatch as a SmartExtra.You can also keep a workout playlist with the app (yes now it's Rocky's training theme song).iPump and Fitness Builder There are a lot of dedicated apps just for workout training, iPump and Fitness Builder seem to be the most popular app for iOS devices. The app is priced at $0.99. The app has a huge list of workout regimens for different parts of the body and allows you to view videos of the workout and the correct manner of doing the exercises. It also draws regimens and workouts for various equipment . They've also added a database of gyms close by to your location and help you choose one. Other good free alternatives are Daily Burn on iOS devices and Workout trainer for Android devices.Authentic Yoga While yoga should really be learnt with a master, technology is trying to close that gap if you can't find one and if you think you're disciplined enough. Authentic Yoga is an app for iOS devices designed by medicine expert Deepak Chopra and yoga instructor Tara Stiles. The app is nice for beginners in yoga who want to do basic asanas. The app is also helpful if you want to understand the philosophy behind yoga better too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552783", "title": "Tibetan market to shut", "text": "The panic among northeastern migrants in the city has affected Tibetans too. The panic migration resulted in a sharp dip in footfalls at the Tibetan market, off Brigade Road, on Friday. \"Most of our customers are northeasterners,\" Tibetan traders said.They are worried they might be mistaken for northeasterners and targeted. The traders have decided to shut down for some days from August 20. \"We have been attending peace meetings, and have been assured of security. But we can't take any risk,\" said a 37-year-old Tibetan woman who heads the traders' union. Most salesgirls working here are from Darjeeling and Assam. \"We have been taking care of these girls. We find it unsafe. My grandparents living in Tibetan colony at Mundgod, too, are scared. They want me to join them,\" said Tenzen R, a woman entrepreneur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15553438", "title": "Rajan-Sajan Mishra to get Rajguru Samman", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted Hindustani jugalbandi singers Pandit Rajan Mishra and Sajan Mishra have been selected for Pandit Basavaraj Rajguru National Award instituted by Rajguru Trust (Dharwad).Veena Maradur and Prasanna Gudi of Dharwad have been chosen for young budding artiste award. Mishras will get Rs 1 lakh and a citation, while Veena and Prasanna will be presented with Rs 25,000 each.Announcing the names of the awardees told reporters here on Friday, Pandit Basavaraj Rajguru National Trust chairman and MLA Chandrakanth Bellad said that the awards will be presented to them at function in Srujana auditorium on August 24 at 6pm. The day also happens to be the 92nd birth anniversary of late Pandit Rajguru.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will present the awards in the presence of Gurusidda Rajayogeendra Swamy of Moorusavir Mutt (Hubli) and Kannada and culture minister Govind Karjol. A collection of rare photographs of Pandit Rajguru will be released. All the awardees will perform.Nijaguna Rajguru, son of the maestro, said Rajguru's house has been renovated with the annual grant of Rs 12 lakh by the government, and music classes will be conducted there.Last year, Pandit Ullas Kashalkar (Kolkata) was honoured with the award, while Sangeeta Katti and Jayaeerth Mevundi received young artist award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552199", "title": "Rotary Club donates Nano to Kochi police", "text": "KOCHI: Setting an example, the Rotary Club of Cochin Downtown donated a Tata Nano car to the Kochi city police for patrolling purposes.Rotary president J Paul Raj handed over the first car under the project named 'Nano Patrol' to minister for food and civil supplies Anoop Jacob and IG K Padmakumar during the Independence Day function held at St Albert's College ground, Kaloor, on Wednesday.Rotary Club officials said that the car could be used for patrolling purposes during adverse weather conditions when policemen find it difficult to ride motorcycles.Rotary Cochin Task Force general convener Madhav Chandran said that the club would donate five Nano cars to the police in the first stage.The Rotary Club, as part of its road safety campaign, also conducted a road safety rally on Independence Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15553019", "title": "Woman\u2019s death after delivery sparks protests in hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The death of a woman after a Caesarean delivery sparked tension in the Capital Hospital here on Saturday. It was the third death due to pregnancy-related complications in the hospital this year.Alleging negligence, relatives of one Ranjita Behera, resident of Nayagarh district who died a day after delivering a boy, gheraoed the chief medical officer's (CMO) office seeking action against those responsible for the death.Ranjita's husband Ballabh alleged that doctors and paramedical staff took no post-operative care of his wife Ranjita (25), resulting in her death. \"I requested the nursing staff on duty at least thrice between 10 pm and 1 am Friday night. But they hurled abuses at me and did not bother to check my wife's condition. Doctors declared her dead around 7.45 am on Saturday,\" he said.Ranjita was admitted in the hospital on Thursday and was apparently stable after the operation on Friday. Hospital authorities said the matter is under probe. \"We are inquiring into the incident. If anyone is found guilty, action will be taken as per law,\" said CMO Sudarshan DasTension had erupted in the hospital on April 17 when as a woman died day after delivery in the hospital. Mamata Swain, a resident of Nirgundi village under Gopa police station in Puri district died a day after she delivered a baby boy through a caesarean. Irate with the death, the family members created a ruckus in the hospital, alleging negligence.The death of another pregnant woman from Puri district had created similar situation on January 7. Anusuya Sahu, 28, from Votapada village under Nimapada police station was brought to the hospital with breathlessness and had died in the hospital before her delivery. Enraged after her death, family members and relatives of the deceased got agitated and indulged in a verbal duel with the hospital staff. Hospital authorities had defended in both the earlier cases that there was no negligence on their part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15553202", "title": "JMM central committee meet on August 25-26", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) swill hold its central committee meeting here on August 25-26 to decide the party's future course and to know the opinion of leaders and cadres about the performance of the ruling alliance in the state.The meeting is said to be important as it will make JMM's stand clear on whether to withdrawing or continue its support to the BJP and AJSU in the alliance government. This apart, the meet is likely to discuss the possibility of introducing Basant Soren, youngest son of party chief Shibu Soren, as contestant in next assembly election.All senior leaders including party supremo Shibu Soren, Hemant Soren, central committee members, MPs, MLAs and other leaders of different wings of the party will participate in the meeting.JMM, city president, Mantu Yadav said party leaders and workers from across the state would assemble in Bokaro ahead of the two-dat meet. This is first time when the central committee meeting is being held in Bokaro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15551392", "title": "Sand bars cut off ferry service to Tiracol", "text": "MAPUSA: Goa's nothern-most territory of Tiracol is partially cut off from the state because of the disruption of ferry services on the Keri-Tiracol route due to the deposition of sand at the ferry point at Keri.The ferry boat lands on the sand bars and locals had to travel through the sand to get across. Two wheelers are being taken into the ferry by pulling them with great difficulty. Four wheelers are completely barred from entering the ferry boat because of deposition of sand at the mouth of the ferry wharf.\"The ferry services are badly affected by the deposition of sand at the wharf which makes it difficult for the ferry landing,\" locals informed STOI.This is for the first time that such a phenomenon has taken place in Keri, it is because of the extensive sand extraction in the river Tiracol,\" said Santosh Tari, a local fisherman. The sand has been deposited since the last one month and the locals are facing hardships since then.Large number of tourists who come to visit the Tiracol fort are forced to return back as the cars cannot enter the ferry boat. During low tide, the ferry services have to be completely suspended as the ferry cannot reach the ferry point.Sarpanch of Keri, Francis Rodrigues, who also lives in Tiracol said that it is a natural phenomenon and will be restored after some time.\"This has happened for the first time, but it is a natural phenomenon and the original position will be restored, but locals had to face unbearable trouble,\" Rodrigues said.\"If the sand is removed to clear the ferry wharf, it will be against nature and it may have serious ramifications. We will not allow the sand to be removed which is deposited at the mouth,\" Rodrigues said.Ferry boat operators informed TOI that ferry services were badly affected and because of the need of students who travel from Tiracol to school in Keri, they are managing it through hard efforts.\"Construction of the Tiracol bridge is the only solution and the government should take it up on priority,\" sarpanch Rodrigues said.Tiracol is a ward of Keri village in Mandrem constituency, comprising about 300 persons. The only connectivity to Tiracol from the mainland is a ferry at Keri.There are also several complaints by the Tiracol residents that ferry services are riskier and often break down on the Keri-Tiracol route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552207", "title": "Govt under fire from NE tribal apex body for \u2018arbitrary\u2019 arrest of 65 in Gossaigaon arson case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian Confederation of Indigenous and Tribal People's, North East Zone (ICITP-NEZ) has criticized the arrest of 65 persons in connection with the burning of a car on Wednesday at Gossaigaon area inBaksa district, alleging that the arrest arbitrary and made without a proper investigation.ICITP-NEZ president Jebra Ram Muchahary claimed that the arrest reflected the anti-tribal attitude of the police as the people were rounded up in the most arbitrary manner. \"Villagers were rounded up at around 2.30pm at the spot where the car was set ablaze. Police then randomly picked up the male members and took them to Tamulpur police station in Baksa district. This shows the anti-tribal and biased attitude of police officers involved in the arrest,\" Muchahary alleged.ICIPTP-NEZ said that it was shocked to find the violence spilling over to Baksa and Kamrup (rural) districts even as normalcy was returning in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts of western Assam.Violence broke out in Rangiya area of Kamrup (rural) district after miscreants set ablaze a car at Gossaigaon village under Kaurbaha Police outpost in Baksa district on Wednesday, and its driver, Sahidul Hussain, went missing.Following the arson incident, mobs at Rangiya torched many vehicles and burnt a wooden bridge. A district administration officer was also attacked by the mob, compelling the police to fire teargas shells.Muchahary also criticized police officials of opening fire against protestors who opposed the \"arbitrary\" arrest of 65 persons, alleging that the firing was unprovoked. \"When the people tried to protest against the arbitrary arrest of 65 people, police opened fired in the air, which was unprovoked. We condemn the firing,\" Muchahary said.ICITP-NEZ has appealed to all communities in to help bring peace in the violence-hit BTC areas.Jebra Ram Muchahary | ICITP-NEZ presidentVillagers were rounded up at around 2.30pm at the spot where the car was set ablaze. Police then randomly picked up the male members and took them to Tamulpur police station in Baksa district. This shows the anti-tribal and biased attitude of police officers involved in the arrest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15558792", "title": "Gautam Buddh Technical University to prepare list of students to be benefitted under laptop scheme", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU) will prepare a list of students who are eligible for getting tablets and laptops by the state government. According to the university registrar US Tomer, a letter in this regard has been received from the District Inspector of Schools (DIOS). The DIOS has asked to provide a list of first year students of various courses such as BTec, BPharma, BArch and others,'' said Tomer.The university has asked all college directors to prepare a list of the students as early as possible so that it can be forwarded to the DIOS. The list will carry the names of all students with their percentage in class XII and their respective boards.As per the conditions, a student should have passed intermediate exam from a college recognized by the Uttar Pradesh board, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) or Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) or any other recognised board. All colleges, be it government-aided, private or minority institutions will be included in the scheme.The state government, on July 5, issued an order stating that students who have passed class X will be given tablets and those who have passed class XII will be given a laptop. To make the distribution system foolproof, a special project implementation unit has also been constituted and UP Electronics Corporation Ltd has been authorized to make purchases. To cross check the facts, district level officials guided by the DMs have been told to pay random visits to the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15553031", "title": "Bus bays may start operating soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Traffic problems created by city buses stopping in the middle of the road might end soon. As many as 21 bus bays are set to start functioning from September 1. \"We will start using these halts from September 1 as the government is set to announce their readiness by August 31. From then on, we will not allow buses to halt at places other than these designated ones,\" said Nishikant Mishra, chairman of Dream Team Sahara, which operates the buses started under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Presently, buses stop in the middle of the roads right next to these ready-to-use bays. A bay near IDCO tower at Rupali Square is being used as a car park by visitors to the tower and shoppers to a nearby market complex. \"I am surprised seeing buses stopping on middle of the busy road here while its designated places is being used as parking,\" said Sarbeshwar Nath, a commuter who was waiting at Rupali Square to catch a bus towards Vanivihar on Saturday.Another such bay near Regional Institute of Education has become bikers' paradise: One may often see youngsters engaged in talks, sitting on their parked two-wheelers. The government had announced to build 55 such bays here, including the 21 that are ready. \"Others will be built in phases,\" a senior government officer said.While PWD is constructing the bays, the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) is making the bus shelters. \"BMC has recently written to the PWD to handover the ready bays so that the bus shelters, signposts of bus-stops and bus timings and route charts are fixed at the earliest,\" said mayor Anant Narayan Jena.Bus employees said they should be allowed to use even a single bay that is ready instead of waiting for such official formalities. \"The traffic police had recently detained two of our drivers for stopping on the roads. But they are helpless. Government should allow use of bus stops that is ready,\" said Ganesh Chandra Sahoo, working president of Citybus Karmachari Sangha, a union of the bus employees. Sahoo said the operator, however, has instructed the staff to stop wherever they notice a prospective passenger or whenever someone wants to get down.Currently, 105 JNNURM buses are plying in Bhubaneswar, Khurda and Puri. This includes around 80 between different locations in the city, five between Bhubaneswar and Puri, 10 between Bhubaneswar and Puri and 10 between Bhubaneswar and Khurda. Officials sources said DTS will start plying another fleet of 15 buses, including nine inside Puri and six connecting Puri with Konark from September 1. \"All these buses in the fleet are 30-seaters. They have already arrived. We will start plying soon,\" the DTS top boss said.Problems in infrastructure like origin and departure (OD) terminals, bus bays, signage boards and maintenance terminals continue to dog the movement of buses. The upcoming terminus at Pokhariput is likely to be ready by this month-end, government sources said. The government is planning to inaugurate it on August 31, the local self-government day. A similar inaugural plan was made for August 31, 2011, but Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) failed to complete the work. The buses are currently terminating at Master Canteen depot, Balakati, Patia, Dumduma and CDA Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15551981", "title": "Trichy police chief to try new ways to stem crime", "text": "TRICHY: With Trichy being subject to a large number of chain-snatchings and house break-ins in the recent past, city police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav has resolved to intensify the systematic use of social security sections which he sees as an effective measure to contain crime in the city. Shailesh Kumar said conventional booking of cases will not yield good results, and hence the increased reliance on social security sections 106 to 110 under Chapter VIII of the Criminal Procedure Code.The city was unusually rocked by a large number of chain snatchings and house break-ins in quick succession in the first week of August. Even the efforts of the alpha team, that was exclusively constituted to monitor such cases, seemed ineffective. On the contrary, two house break-ins were reported on August 4. Four more cases of chain snatchings were reported on August 12 and on August 13, resulting in the loss of 50 sovereigns of gold. Moreover, a number of house break-ins were reported from Krishnamurthy Nagar within the larger KK Nagar on the outskirts of Trichy including on July 29. Since KK Nagar is closely situated to the four-lane highway with easy exit and entry points, the place is most vulnerable to attacks from desperate youth.Talking to TOI, the police commissioner said invoking the social security sections from 106 to 110 seemed an effective measure, and added that he was going to educate the top brass of the force on their nuances with the help of executive magistrates who are in the rank of revenue divisional officers (RDO). For example, Section 106 relates to security for keeping peace on conviction of a person. In other words, if the magistrate feels an offence of criminal intimidation is likely to cause breach of peace in future, he is empowered to execute a bond with a convicted person, with or without sureties, for upkeep of peace for six months to three years. Shailesh Kumar said a total of 703 persons were served such bonds in the last year, and this year, he had been instrumental in serving 1,407 bonds only up to July this year. And, if the person who is served the bond breaches it in the meanwhile, he can be straightway jailed for six months without trial, he said.Moreover, an RDO can pass an order in a public nuisance case under Section 133, and the next appellate authority is only the high court. Shailesh Kumar said he was now trying to get his force educated on the nitty-gritties of the relevant sections so that they were put to good use to fight crime. For instance, the commissioner has also roped in around 300 college students to help regulate traffic whenever they are free, in addition to forming two teams of young athletic policemen - one for law and order and another for crime - to contain the increasing number of house-break ins in the city. \"The students will be given a certificate at the end of a month's service along with the normal traffic police. I am trying to rope in the NSS, NCC and Nehru Yuva Kendra youths for the purpose,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15551170", "title": "Rains bring traffic jams", "text": "Kanpur: The traffic jams and waterlogging seems to be two never-ending problems of the industrial city during the rainy season. This came out to be true on Saturday when half of the city reeled under waterlogging and traffic jams.The localities worst hit by waterlogging and traffic jams were Kidwai Nagar, VIP Road, Tatmill crossing, Jajmau and Ramadevi to name a few. Life here came to a standstill all through the day.After the heavy rains, the waterlogged streets of many prominent areas of the city gave the commuters a tough time. The slippery and potholed roads turned into small ponds in the majority of areas in which the travelers were caught and had to waste hours in resultant traffic jams.Within just 10 minutes after rains, the traffic jam in Kidwai Nagar area was so massive that commuters took 20 minutes to travel a distance of 100 meters. Similar was the scene at Tatmill crossing where the jam reached the Naya Pull as the traffic police was unable to manage the load.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550545", "title": "Four held for beating up traffic cop on JJ flyover", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men and a woman were arrested for assaulting a traffic police constable on the JJ flyover.On Thursday afternoon, traffic constable Parshuram Gaikwad tried to stop Bennetson Nadar (22) and Pallavi Kamble (21), who were on a bike, from plying on the flyover. Two-wheelers are not allowed on the flyover. As the constable tried to stop the duo, the bike skidded, injuring Nadar and Kamble. The couple was heading from Byculla towards CST.Nadar then began to assault Gaikwad and two other youths\u2014Saif Shaikh (18) and Irfan Shaikh (27)\u2014who were passing by on a scooty joined him. The two youths were not known to Nadar, yet joined him in beating up Gaikwad. After assaulting Gaikwad, all the accused fled the spot. Gaikwad, who sustained minor injuries, was taken to JJ Hospital.JJ Marg police with the help of footage from CCTV cameras installed in the area, got the vehicle registration numbers of Nadar's bike and the scooty. While Nadar and Kamble were arrested from Airoli, Saif and Irfan were held from Nagpada. The four accused have been booked for assaulting a government servant, obstructing a policeman from discharging his duties and for criminal intimidation. They were produced in a court on Saturday and have been released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551685", "title": "Metro goes looking for motormen", "text": "KOLKATA: Under pressure to increase frequency and the number of services, the Metro Railway is facing a severe crisis. It doesn't have enough motormen to take the number of daily trains from the existing 270 to 320 by the end of March, 2013.Officials have now placed requisitions with Eastern and South Eastern Railway for motormen as the Metro can't recruit them directly. According to the Metro Railway Men's Union (MRMU), there is a shortage of nearly 40 motormen at present. The number will increase if more services are added.\"ER and SER have said they would provide us with 49 motormen. We cannot recruit motormen directly as they belong to the 'passenger driver' grade. Other railway zones recruit people as shunters who get promoted to goods train drivers and then graduate to passenger train drivers. We have to depend on them to send us motormen on deputation,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.With huge vacancies of loco pilots across the country, it isn't easy for railway zones to spare motormen for the Metro. It takes several years for a new recruit to graduate to a passenger driver. According to Ghosh, the Metro has set certain preconditions for its motormen. One of these is that all motormen must be science graduates. This has accentuated the crisis.\"We will have to run trains at four-minute frequency before long. More services will also be required when the interchange between the ER network and the Metro is opened at New Garia. We will certainly require more motormen before that. We are preparing for it,\" Ghosh said.According to MRMU president Dilip Mukherjee, the existing motormen are under tremendous pressure and some of them are forced to work additional shifts to keep services running. Lack of proper knowledge in handling the air-conditioned rakes is adding to the pressure.\"The Metro hasn't trained sufficient people here to repair the AC rakes. I had taken up this matter with the general manager,\" Mukherjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15557906", "title": "For Sardar, Arjuna award is a consolation after London debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: It could well have been an icing on the cake had his 'London Dream' not turned into a nightmare and for star hockey player Sardar Singh, being nominated for the Arjuna award now only remains a mere consolation.\"It obviously feels good when you get recognition for your hard work. I am happy that the government has considered me for the Arjuna award but to some extent the sheen of the recognition has lost,\" Sardar said.\"Somewhere down the line I am upset, there is disappointment. It would have been double joy for me had we performed well in the Olympics,\" he insisted.Indian hockey touched a new low in the just-concluded London Olympics, in which the eight-time champions finished last in the 12-team men's competition.\"We played well in all matches but didn't capitalise on our chances, and once we started losing the morale of the team went down,\" Sardar explained.\"On behalf of the entire team I say sorry to the hockey lovers of the country.\"The failure, however, has made Sardar more wiser, whose only focus now is to win laurels for the country.\"Those 2-3 days which we spent in Delhi after returning from London were tough. Nobody talked about us, nobody gave us any importance and we deserved that.\"I have learnt a lot from this episode. I know people run after success but nobody wants to lose. We didn't go to London to lose,\" Sardar said.\"My personal target now is to win a medal for India in a major tournament before my career ends,\" he added.After the London debacle, the 26-year-old midfielder will now return to the drawing board to rectify his mistakes ahead of India's next major international assignment.\"Our main focus should be on the Champions Trophy now. Personally, I will work hard on the basics of the game and try to give my best,\" said Sardar, who is also the vice-captain of the national team.Sardar also emphasised on the need to develop a strong and competitive domestic structure in the country.\"We need to improve the structure of our domestic hockey. Our domestic structure is not hard and aggressive like Australia or the European countries. A competitive domestic league is the need of the hour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15552723", "title": "\u2018UPA deaf &amp; dumb on plight of Pak Hindus\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: After BJP raised the issue in Parliament \u2014 accusing the ruling UPA of being \"obsessed\" with minorities \u2014 RSS has now charged the government with failing to take action on the plight of Pakistani Hindus.\"The Indian government, under the minority-obsessed UPA, has been deaf and dumb spectator of the plight of Hindus...the government which staked its relations with Sri Lanka to vote in the UN over the issue of Lankan Tamils has not taken official stand on Pakistani Hindus,\" Sangh mouthpiece 'Organiser' said in its latest edition.It argued that while Muslims from Bangladesh are allowed to settle in India and get rights of a citizen, Hindus from Pakistan living here for decades are yet to enjoy a similar facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15556946", "title": "Jaago Mangalore Association calls off protest campaign following police advisory", "text": "MANGALORE: Jaago Mangalore Association has called off its planned protest march and protest meet on August 21 planned as part of the week-long protest campaign against attacks on young birthday party revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay at Padil on July 28. This follows move by Mangalore City Police to deny them permission citing potential law and order disturbances that the protest march and meet could trigger in the present day situation.Vijaynath Shetty, chief coordinator, Jaago Mangalore Association stated that following the recent developments regarding the protest campaign, he met City Police Chief Seemant Kumar and again sought clearance for planned protest march and meet on Tuesday. However Seemant expressed his unwillingness to grant permission stating that the issue was getting hot and it might lead to untoward law and order situation that might arise during the protest.The movement was meant to be a civilized and peaceful protest with the main objective being to express strong disapproval against violence, especially violence against women. As Jaago Mangalore Association has no intention to break the law or create public nuisance in order to voice its protest, Vijaynath said that as of now, the protest planned for Tuesday stands cancelled. He urged everyone to shun violence and help create a better 'Mangalore to Live'.Incidentally, City Police on Thursday had arrested Vijaynath Shetty, along with Gurudath Kamath and Vijay Kumar , two among the male victims of Padil attack and others when they attempted to hold a protest meeting in front of the DCs office here. Seemant had justified the action against JMA stating the association office bearers did not obtain prior permission nor intimate the jurisdictional police about their protest forcing police to arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15556384", "title": "Experts warn against overuse of packaged foods", "text": "DELHI: Rattan Kumar's kitchen storage has a host of food items and predominant among them are packaged food items and drinks that have longer shelf-life. Kumar, who is a senior executive with one major pharmaceutical company and his wife works is employed with a management firm, says that these are easy to cook and he does not have to run to vegetable shops at odd hours. Many working couple and young students living alone prefer to have packaged food these days due to their busy lifestyle but doctors warn against this trend. According to them, many of this food stuff available in the market have considerably high quantities of preservatives like calcium, potassium and sodium salts and sodium benzoate that can lead to health problems.\"Usually, human body has good capacity to handle electrolytes and chemicals used in these preservatives. However, excessive and long usage can cause toxicity. Those suffering from organ damage - Kidney, heart and liver - need to be extra-cautious,\" said Dr Anoop Mishra, Chairman, Fortis' Centre of Excellence for Diabetes, Obesity, Metabolic Diseases and Endocrinology.According to Dr Nidhi Sarin, clinical nutritionist, sodium nitrate is used in processed meats such as ham, hot dogs, sausage and bologna to increase their shelf-life and maintain their color. \"High amounts of sodium nitrate consumed along with these food is know to worsen asthma and decrease lung function. So one should avoid having them on regular basis and or at least check the amount of preservatives used before using them,\" she said. Sarin said that potassium bromate is used in breads other bakery products to increase their volume. If the bread is not cooked long enough or not at a high enough temperature, then a residual amount of this oxidizing agent will remain in bread, which may be harmful if consumed.\"Sodium Benzoate and Benzoic acid are food preservatives found in sauces, fruit juices, jams and pickled products. If used over the permissible limits, regular intake of products containing them can cause allergic reaction and other side effects,\" said Ashok Kanchan, a researcher working with Consumer-Voice NGO. He said that under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act two types of food preservatives - natural and chemical - are allowed. \"The Benzoic acid, nitrites other kinds of preservatives are legally permitted to be used. But there is need for constant monitoring of the quantity. Also, consumer need to be aware of the side-effects it can cause on high-risk patients, for example those suffering from kidney and heart related diseases,\" he added.Nephrologist Dr S C Tewari said that the over-dependence on processed food items is adding to the problem of Chronic Kidney Diseases (CKD) and related problems like obesity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15553044", "title": "Buddha tooth to find place in Odisha museum", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Twenty seven years after it was excavated from the famous Lalitgiri Buddhist site, the holy tooth of Buddha will soon find its place in the state museum for public viewing.The Archeological Survey of India (ASI) had found the bone relic wrapped in a three-layer gold, silver and stone cascade during excavation of the Lalitgiri site in 1985. The ASI later shifted the cascade to its strong room and had been reticent about its transfer to any other place primarily for security reasons.The ASI took a decision only recently when state tourism minister Maheswar Mohanty, backed by public demand, took up the case with ASI director general (DG) and the Centre.\"The ASI has agreed to shift the relic. The state government is going to build a strong room inside the state museum. The director, Culture, has been sent to Bihar on August 23 to study a similar strong room built in Bodhagaya museum where a similar Buddha relic has been kept. We have also asked archaeologists to prepare a plan,\" Mohanty told TOI.\"We see no reason to keep the relic in the strong room for ever. The state can showcase it and draw huge tourists to the state,\" he pointed out adding the 'relic in future can be shifted to Lalitgiri where it was excavated'.The minister further said he had also discussed with the Railways for bringing the 'Buddhist special train' called Mahaparinirvan Express to Odisha. \"We plan to bring the train up to Haridaspur from where the tourists would be taken in a special bus to Buddhist sites like Ratnagiri, Lalitgiri, Udayagiri and such other places. The train, now coming from New Delhi to Bodhagaya, will soon include Odisha in its route. It will come to Odisha twice a year. Each of the trip will be of one-week duration.\"The minister added that the government has agreed to bear an estimated cost of nearly Rs 2.5 crore per annum for this. \"We have recently written to the Railways in this regard agreeing to its condition,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15551312", "title": "Goa is peaceful, govt tells NE people", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of reports of the exodus of people from Assam and north eastern states, the South Goa district administration swung into action on Saturday and held peace meetings with leaders of all communities at various places in the district.South Goa collector, N D Agarwal accompanied by the South Goa SP Allen de Sa chaired the meetings at Margao and Vasco, while the sub-divisional magistrate Sandhya Kamat presided over the meeting in Quepem in the presence of the sub-divisional police officer, DySP Mahesh Gaonkar.\"We assured the people that the district administration would take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of all the communities in Goa and urged them to maintain communal harmony,\" Agarwal said.The police have urged the people not to believe any rumours about threats to their lives and to report to the nearest police station if they felt insecure. \"We told them not to panic and not to believe in any MMS that are in circulation that may lead to breach of communal harmony. Representatives from all communities attended the meeting and they assured us of all cooperation,\" de Sa told STOI.In Quepem, the peace meeting was held for people from the talukas of Quepem, Sanguem, Dharbandora and Canacona. Curchorem MLA, Nilesh Cabral, was also present for the meeting. \"The response was pretty good. Around 42 people representing all major communities attended the meeting. We explained to them that there is no need for the north eastern people to leave Goa as there is absolutely no threat to their lives. In view of the upcoming Eid-ul-Fitr, we asked the Muslim community to approach the police if they need any police security at the mosques and urged them to maintain communal harmony. We also told the peace committee members to inform us if they found anything suspicious that could endanger peace and security,\" Kamat told STOI.Security agencies in South Goa, which have a large number of people from north eastern states employed with them, are having a tough time in convincing them not to flee. \"As many of my employees have already left to go to their home states, I can ill-afford to allow any more to quit. Today, two more employees - came to me asking me to let them leave. I reassured them I would take the responsibility of their security and even seek the collector's help in that regard. While I managed to persuade one to change his plan, the other is reluctant to remain and may head to his home state anytime,\" said C P Jaggi, a security agency proprietor. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15550846", "title": "Dipika Pallikal goes down fighting in semis", "text": "CHENNAI: Dipika Pallikal's dream run at the Australian Open Gold Series event came to an end on Saturday in the semifinals. In a marathon match lasting 70 minutes and which swung both ways, Dipika went down fighting to England's Laura Massaro 7-11, 11-7, 11-13, 11-3, 9-11. Massaro will now face the world No. 1 Nicol David of Malaysia, who beat Ireland's Madeline Perry 11-7, 11-4, 11-5.Dipika, seeded 11th here, was in the driving seat in the fifth and deciding game and was leading Massaro 9-5, just two points from extending her history-making run. But Massaro fought back brilliantly and the Indian wilted under her comeback.\"At 9-5 down in the fifth I'd just decided I'd lost really and I just wanted to finish well and make the score respectable,\" Massaro said. \"She probably thought she had won it, I've been there myself - you've got such a big lead and you think 'I'll win one more point surely'.\"Despite her loss Dipika can take heart from her performance here. It was a strong comeback from Dipika herself after she had lost the opening game 11-7.But she rallied herself in the second game and unleashed her reportoire of skills, particularly her deceptiveness in front of the court, which Massaro found it hard to cope with.Luck also played a big part in this game when Dipika lost the third game in a tie-break. The point could have gone either way but it was Dipika's misfortune that Massaro benefitted from it.Burying that setback, it was the Indian who dominated the match from that moment on. In the fourth game she decimated Massaro, using her variety of shots to make her opponent scamper all around the court. From the way Dipika played it was a long gone conclusion that the match was in her hands.But despite dominating till the final stages of the match, Dipika's game failed her just when it mattered most. The 20-year old can take heart from her performance in just her third appearance at the event and her current world WSA ranking of 15 will surely improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551683", "title": "Elderly couple burnt alive, kin held", "text": "KOLKATA: An elderly couple was burnt to death allegedly by their sister-in-law late on Friday night because the couple refused to hand over their house in Dum Dum to promoters. The prime suspect, 44-year-old Jharna Shikdar, has been arrested.The charred bodies of Ganesh Shikdar, 64, and his wife Puspa, 58, were found in their two-storied house at Surjasen Pally in Dum Dum Cantonment around 1.30am on Saturday. Jharna, the wife of Ganesh's youngest brother, allegedly set the couple's bedroom on fire after pouring kerosene. Police are looking for Jharna's husband Pradyut, who was allegedly involved in the plot as well.Police said the couple was sleeping in a first-floor room on Saturday. Their youngest daughter Rinki, an MA final year student of Vidyasagar University, was studying in a room on the ground floor while Jharna and her son Prasenjit, a Class VII student, were in another room on the ground floor.The local night guard, Swapan Das, noticed smoke billowing out of the first-floor room and raised the alarm. On hearing his shouts, Rinki rushed out of her room and found that thick smoke had engulfed the entire house. \"There was the pungent smell of kerosene. I tried to go upstairs to my parents' room, but I could not because of the thick smoke. The heat was unbearable and the staircase was already engulfed. The night guard and other locals tried to douse the fire, but failed. Then they informed the police and the fire brigade,\" said Rinki.A team from Dum Dum police station arrived within minutes, followd by a fire engine. The fire was put out and the coupke rescued but they were pronounced dead on arrival at Dum Dum municipal hospital.Jharna was caught by the locals when she was allegedly trying to flee with her son Prasenjit. \"She slashed her left wrist with a razor blade after being caught. She did it only to draw the sympathy of people who had caught her while fleeing after murdering the elderly couple,\" alleged neighbour Bablu Karmakar. He said there was a family feud over handing over the house to promoters.Police arrested Jharna and took her to RG Kar Hospital to have her wounds treated.Rinki alleged that Jharna and her husband plotted to kill the elderly couple because they had strongly resisted their attempts to hand over the house to promoters.\"The conspiracy started in February when my uncle Pradyut Shikdar returned home from Moscow on leave. He brought with him a local promoter and tried to force my parents to agree to their proposal. Later, my uncle and aunt threatened my parents with dire consequences after they refused to agree with their proposal. My aunt often quarreled with my parents over this but I never imagined that she could plot their murder. She should be hanged,\" Rinki said.She added that her elderly parents never locked the room from inside before they went to bed at night. Her aunt took advantage of this to enter the room, pour kerosene on them and set them on fire, Rinki said. \"My aunt escaped with her son soon after setting the room ablaze. She poured kerosene in my room also so that I would burn to death, too,\" Rinki said.The couple's room had scorch marks and a couple of burnt pillows. Ash littered the floor. The stairwell was blackened with soot.\"Jharna Shikdar has been arrested and we have started a murder case against her. The motive behind the murder is yet to be ascertained. We are carrying out our investigation and also looking for her husband,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.Jharna was remanded in police custody for seven days after being produced in Barrackpore court on Saturday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555574", "title": "Gitanjali Rai's spirituality keeps her in high spirits!", "text": "As a kid, one fine day, Gitanjali Rai was taking to a friend on the phone when Pandit Pratap Narayan, the elder brother of Pandit Jasraj , heard her.And immediately, he said, \"This is a singer's voice! She must sing.\" Soon after, he started training her in Mewati gharana and Rai didn't have to look back. In Vadodara to perform at a programme organized as a tribute to the late Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, she says, \"My father had a factory at Gandhidham, Kutch, and I was barely three years old when we shifted to Mumbai. I have always felt a special connect with Gujarat and wanted to come to Vadodara, but it wasn't working out. I am glad that finally, I managed to come here!\" She adds, with a smile, \"My songs have a divine touch and it's my spirituality that keeps me in high spirits!About Pratap Narayan, she says, \"He was 63 when he started teaching me, but his voice was like that of a 19 year old! Also, I have been trained by famous music director Sardar Malik (Anu Malik's father) and I got to learn a lot from him.\"Asked about her musical influences and favorite singers, she says, \"I grew up listening to Jagjit Singh and shared a wonderful bond with him. He was more like a friend. And I had cried buckets the day Mohammed Rafi passed away!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15552708", "title": "\u2018Sweeting\u2019 is latest craze among net surfers", "text": "LONDON: A music-loving US duo, who loves to transform random Twitter posts into beautiful songs, have become the latest craze among internet surfers.The experimenting twosome calls it 'Sweeting' , which is inspired by people's not-so-lyrical tweets on the social networking site. The Seattle duo Kevyn Smith and Jeremy Johnson have managed to garner 50,000 fans, who visit their site wesingyourtweets .com to enjoy their web-cam ditties, the Daily Mail said.The tuneful pair has been composing these 'Sweets' for just over one year and has 'Sweeted' 350 tweets from all over the world on topics including ex-boyfriends , wine and 'Fifty Shades of Grey' .The accessory-loving men record the various 'Sweets' on their web-cam and then upload them to various social networking sites. \"We Sing Your Tweets is a social musical blog experiment. We decided during a break from recording in the studio for our band David Hates Chico to write our own songs in 140 characters,\" they said.\"Then we thought... what if we picked tweets we liked from people and made them into songs? Now we feel like we are onto something and are building something that makes people happy and that is something we are really passionate about.\" \"You tweet it, we sing it,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15551527", "title": "'Performer' tag eludes LU's academic staff college", "text": "A recent review of the Academic Staff Colleges across the country shows that Lucknow University is an under performer.Out of 66 Academic Staff Colleges spread over 26 states, the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), an autonomous body of University Grants Commission (UGC) has termed 13 colleges as 'Performer', 46 as Under Performers' and seven as Non Performers'. Accordingly, colleges securing more than 60 points are performers, those getting points 40-60 are under performers and those scoring less than 40 are nonperformers.In Uttar Pradesh, five ASCs were reviewed. This includes Lucknow University (LU), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), DDU Gorakhpur University (DDU), Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) and Allahabad University (AU). Of these, BHU and DDU belong to performer category, while the remaining three were dubbed as under performer.The methodology adopted by NAAC in reviewing the ASCs includes curricular aspects, programme organisation, delivery and evaluation, infrastructure and learning resources, leadership, governance and functional efficiency, management information system and innovative practices. The colleges are required to fill up a Self Assessment Report, which deals with institutional data, various assessment indicators, SWOT (Strength, Weakness, Opportunities, Challenges) analysis and finally a declaration to be given by the ASC director.Talking to TOI, NAAC director, Prof HA Ranganath said, \"The review of ASCs is not to give them a bad remark. Instead, the exercise has been done to strengthen them as they have a very important role to play in the 12 Five Year Plan,'' adding that the review will help policy makers in moving forward by identifying the challenges, gaps.As per Prof Ranganath, the review has helped NAAC to know the constraints (like inadequate infrastructure or human resources) under which the ASCs have been working. \"This is perhaps very important in quality enhancement of faculty and all stakeholders of higher education,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552166", "title": "Art group campaigns against AFSPA", "text": "GUWAHATI: Expressing solidarity with anti-AFSPA crusader Irom Sharmila, about 70 activists of an art group held a protest campaign to mark the completion of 25 years of the imposition of AFSPA on Saturday.Activists of The Yellow Cab, a city-based public art organization, accompanied by Saramjit Singh, brother of Irom Sharmila and her other siblings, organized the event in protest against imposition of the draconian Act. The group also held an open-space photo exhibition, showing people reacting to the imposition of the draconian Act, and also highlighted the fight of Irom Sharmila, who is on a hunger strike for the last 11 years, seeking repeal of AFSPA.\"We wanted to convey to the world what Manipur has been facing all this while. We have been travelling to various places and met different people and asked them about AFSPA and Irom Sharmila to seek their opinion. We also asked them why the Centre and the Manipur government have been ignoring the issue. We organized the campaign with all these aspects in mind,\" said Aniruddha Baruah, member of The Yellow Cab.The pavement opposite to Dighalipukhuri turned into an open exhibition kiosk was for a few hours and about 500 photographs, all hung on a long wire, grabbed the fancy of passers-by. \"We preferred the photographs to be in black and white as it represents the past and the present. We all wore pipes to mark our solidarity with Irom Sharmila as the image of hers with the oxygen pipe has become iconic. It was on this date that the Act was imposed and our art group has initiated this campaign as a collective effort keeping in mind the views and opinions of hundreds of people to address the issue,\" added Baruah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552674", "title": "Railways cancels special trains to northeast", "text": "The flight from fear seems to be over. After a scary exodus for three days, only 80 railway tickets were sold on Saturday, prompting officials to cancel the special train to Guwahati.N Ramesh, senior deputy commercial manager, confirmed there won't be any trains leaving on Saturday night. \"We need a minimum of 2,500 tickets booked to run a train but there aren't enough bookings. Only 80 tickets were booked,\" he said. At Yeshwantpur police station, 300 people had boarded a train to Assam, officials said.Unaware of this, Jayahta Das and Babu Kumarnath were part of the 20-member group that left from Mangalore on Friday night. They came to Bangalore to catch the train back home to Guwahati, but were surprised to see an empty platform 4 at the railway station. By afternoon, they had already pulled out plastic sheets for their afternoon nap. \"We are told there would be a train at night but there is no one at the railway station. We went to the counter a couple of times, but they said announcements would be made soon,\" said Das.These men were working as security guards with Doberman Security Services and said that most of their colleagues had already left. \"There were around 240 of us working in the company, now there are only four left in office. Our boss told us we would be safe but our families are pressuring us to return. Once these problems settle down, we will return,\" said Kumarnath.When told there was no special train, they decided to stay put at the station, hoping for better news. In the afternoon, there were less than 200 people from the northeast community waiting outside the railway station . Although the numbers swelled by evening, it was marginal.The exodus may have seen a drop, but fear remains. In spite of the police crackdown on anti-social elements, many still believe rumours that there will be attacks after August 20.Roopam, 19, a native of Guwahati, joined work as an electrician near Koramangala just a week ago, and didn't even get time to unpack his luggage. \"There is money here and if I work in Assam, I will be earning much less. But it is better than living under fear. I have no one here to take care of me even if I fall ill, what will happen to me if I am attacked?\"Amid all this chaos, three young men got out of an autorickshaw at the railway station. Dragging their luggage, they went towards reception , and were taken aback to see there were few travelers. Realizing that the train could be cancelled, they picked up their luggage and walked towards the prepaid autorichshaw stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15557732", "title": "Bangalore gets new pro football club", "text": "BANGALORE: With the launch of South United Football Club (SUFC) on Thursday, Bangalore will have a new private professional football club for the coming season. The club, owned by Lokko Sports, was formed to address the need for more professional clubs in Bangalore, the owners said.SUFC will be coached by former India player Raman Vijayan, who recently guided KGF Academy to the Super Division title. Vijayan has roped in as many as six BEML players to form the core of the new team, with players from ADE (3), DYSS (3), Postal (2) and JCT Academy (2) signing up for the Bangalore-based club which, on paper, has a strong look to it.Vijayan, while explaining his decision to leave KGF Academy after their success last season, sounded confident that his previous team would move on from the situation they find themselves in thanks to the mass exodus of players. \"It will be tough for them. I can't comment on their behalf but they have a strong squad to handle any situation. I am confident they can rebuild,\" he said. \"It was a good opportunity to work with KGF but this is the right way forward for me,\" he added.SUFC got the backing of KSFA president AR Khaleel, with the veteran administrator stating the club would be given a direct entry to the Super Division next season, a clause in the KSFA constitution allowing such a possibility. \"We will also recommend their name for the second division of the I-League next season,\" he told reporters.Lokknath Char, the CEO of the group that runs SUFC, said the long-term goal of the club was to provide employment to the players as well as perfect a self-sustaining model of management. \"We're looking to bridge the gap between elite and grassroots sports while encouraging youngsters to take up sports as employment,\" said Char.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557309", "title": "J.Lo shares pics of her twins with fans at LA gig", "text": "Jennifer Lopez showed her softer side, as she showed pictures of her two children, son Maximilian David Muniz and daughter Emme Maribel, while performing in Los Angeles on Thursday.The photographs were shown on an enormous screen behind her while the 43-year-old singer sang a song at Los Angeles' Staples Center.In the pictures, the 43-year-old singer is seen posing with her kids.In one, she cuddles up with the twins - born on Long Island on Feb. 22, 2008 - on a wicker couch with her shirtless son rubbing one of his eyes, while her daughter casts a wide smile, and Lopez looks intimately at the camera.In another shot, the 'Maid in Manhattan' star is seen snuggling up and kissing one of the twins.Another pic that was displayed, had her posing with her children with their faces painted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553253", "title": "Subodh Kant Sahay slams Comptroller and Auditor General for \u2018misleading\u2019 coal report", "text": "RANCHI: Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay on Saturday criticized the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) for his report on the alleged coal scam worth Rs 1.86 lakh crore. The minister said CAG Vinod Rai was working with ulterior motive and had exceeded his mandate. \"We have a recent example of how a retired general of the Indian Army joined hands with the people against the government. I strongly feel that the CAG is also working with an ulterior motive and demeaning his office,\" said Sahay adding that he has tarnished the image of the office.The Union minister claimed that there has been no irregularity in the allocation of coal blocks to 57 mining companies between 2005 and July 2009. \"The CAG has done speculative work in assessing the loss that could have happened. The matter has been sensationalized and it will hinder development works. It is not correct to make assessment of loss based on what could have happened if the coal blocks were allotted to the companies through competitive bidding,\" said Sahay.He also hinted that the government may use its power to remove Rai him from office. \"Even judges have been impeached when they have been found guilty so why can't we take action against the CAG for misusing his office,\" said Sahay. However, he scuttled the query on if the government has already initiated any step in this direction.Referring to a query on his personal involvement in allocation of coal block to SKS Industries \u2014 which has been reported to be owned by his family, Sahay said that no one can prove these charges. \"Some people are trying to drag my name into the controversy only for political mileage. SKS can mean other things and not just Subodh Kant Sahay,\" said the minister. He was not able to explain of why he had made recommendations for allotment of coal blocks to the company. He had written to the Prime Minister, when he was in-charge of coal ministry, in favour of SKS Industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15551589", "title": "Waste treatment plant at Chalai may miss deadline", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: As the Chalai market faces an imminent closure due to the unattended garbage heaps, the proposed mini waste treatment plant there is most likely to miss the deadline. The plant, which is expected to be commissioned by November 1, will take another two to three months to be realized, said corporation officials.The draft agreement for the plant is still being studied by the corporation. Since it is a tri-party agreement which involves corporation, Shuchitwa Mission and the state government, it will take some time before it is approved by all the parties involved.\"The agreement is for a period of 20 years. There are various components like daily supply of garbage and the amount of electricity that can be generated out of it, which needs to be finalized before we can give shape to a consolidated agreement. Naturally it will take time since these things cannot be decided in a haste,\" said an official associated with the project.This would mean that the ever growing mount of garbage at Chalai is going to remain unattended for at least five months. The corporation officials said that the plant was the only remedy for the crisis and it would take time to become operational. According to the project, the plant is capable of processing organic and inorganic waste and generate electricity. As per the draft agreement, the company will sell one unit of electricity to KSEB for Rs 7.90. The responsibility of running the plant will be on a consortium, including five companies.Meanwhile, the project also faces resistance from the local people. \"The plant is proposed close to Karimadom Colony where around 100 families reside. The people will never let the government undertake a waste plant at Chalai. There is going to be widespread protests,\" said Chalai councillor Usha Sateesh.An official of Shuchitwa Mission exuded hope that the plant could be realized this year itself.\"The plant won't pose any kind of hazards. It will resemble a shopping mall. Even if the agreement will be delayed, the consortium has already got work order from the government and even if the project misses the deadline, it won't be delayed for not more than two months,\" the official said.The draft agreement for the plant is still being studied by the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15557835", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation proposes to rationalise octroi rates", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has proposed to rationalise octroi rates with an objective to reduce the grievances of traders and litigations. The proposal will come up for discussion at the general body(GB) meeting to be held on September 1.The resolutions for octroi rationalisation have already been approved by the law and standing committees. However, a final approval is necessary from the civic general body.The proposal states that there are 16 different octroi rates charged by the octroi department for the 86 types of registrations under octroi rules of PCMC. Disputes occur due to the collection of so many different rates of octroi. Also court cases occur due to which large amounts of octroi cannot be actually collected. The octroi rationalisation is expected to reduce the disputes and make it easy for collecting the octroi.The octroi department has proposed a minimum octroi of 1 % and a maximum of 3 % on essential goods. The department has proposed minimum 2.60 % octroi and maximum 5 % octroi on non-essential goods.Ashok Munde, assistant commissioner and chief of octroi department, PCMC said, \"I favour rationalisation of octroi rates. This will reduce the disputes over the octroi rates between the civic body and the traders which will in turn reduce the court cases. It will also reduce the discretionary powers of the octroi officials and employees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15555420", "title": "Will probe involvement of foreign hand in violence: Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi has said that a probe will be instituted to find out facts regarding alleged involvement of foreign hands in the recent Assam violence.\"From the beginning I have stated that some foreign hands are involved. It is not merely a clash between Bodos and minorities. The Union home ministry report that Pakistani elements were involved has vindicated our stand,\" Gogoi said.\"We will institute a probe to find out details regarding the involvement of foreign elements in the violence,\" he added.Meanwhile, in stray incidents of violence one person was injured in Dhubri district and a few houses were torched in Chirang district last night, even as curfew was relaxed for 12 hours in Rangiya subdivision of Kamrup Rural district.Police said a person belonging to the minority community was injured at Chilkikhata, under Bilasipara police station, late last evening after a group of miscreants attacked him with arrows.The condition of the injured is stated to be critical and he has been shifted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital.In another incident, unidentified miscreants set ablaze three houses at Khunkrajora under Bijni police station in Chirang last night.Additional forces have been deployed in the area. The Army is also conducting flag marches at various places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "rajgir (nalanda)", "code": "15552319", "title": "Malmas Mela begins", "text": "Rajgir (Nalanda): The monthlong Malmas Mela was jointly inaugurated by health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey, minister of arts, culture and youth affairs Sukhda Panday, minister of urban development Prem Kumar and local MLA and minister of mines and geology Satyadeo Narayan Arya at Rajgir on Saturday.Speaking on the occasion, the health minister said the place has been mentioned in various scriptures due to its association with great saints, mahatmas and the great rulers which gives Malmas or Purushottam Mas a religious value.Choubey said on this auspicious day people should take pledge to protect girl child.\"Saving a daughter is like saving culture,\" he said. Later, he, along with Arya, also inaugurated 'Gram Shree Mela'.The Gram Shree Mela has dozens of stalls of various SHG groups from across the state and outside.The ministers also enjoyed cultural programme which was organized by different schools of the district.Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal said elaborate arrangements had been made for the safe stay of the pilgrims with basic civic amenities. He said railways has started two special trains from Patna for the mela.Three-layer security arrangements have been made in and around the city with CCTV cameras installed at various places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15558175", "title": "Steve McQueen iconic Ford raises 7 m pounds at auction", "text": "Steve McQueen glorious Ford GT40, which he used to film his epic 1971 movie 'Le Mans' has been sold for an incredible 7 million pounds at an auction in California.The Ford, decked out in Gulf Racing's iconic powder blue and orange colours, has a rich history.It had won its first race at Spa in 1967, in the hands of legendary sportscar star Jacky Ickx and the \"Flying Dentist,\" Dr Dick Thompson.Then after a host of endurance races, in which its drivers included Mike Hailwood, David Hobbs and Brian Redman, it was bought by McQueen's Solar Productions film company.The ultra-lightweight machine had been converted to act as a high-speed camera car, filming action sequences at the 1970 Le Mans 24-hour classic for McQueen - himself a top-draw racer when he took time off from acting.It has since been through the hands of a numerous owners and has appeared occasionally for historic races or cavalcades.The GT40 was auctioned off by RM Auctions in Monterey, California and its price tag is a world record for an American-built car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550852", "title": "Faculty from top institutes to attend chemistry meet in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The West India branch of UK-based Royal Society for Chemistry, along with regional centre of Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU), Institute of Science and the department of chemistry of Nagpur University have organized a two-day symposium in advancing chemical sciences on August 31 and September 1 in the city.On the first day, the focus will be on chemistry while the second day will be dedicated to biochemistry. The faculty would be experts from some of the premier institutes like the IIT's, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. They will discuss topics like nano chemistry, biomaterials and nuclear magnetic resonance.\"Though aimed at promoting research opportunities among undergraduate and postgraduate students, teachers and scientists from the region, the symposium could be helpful for medical and dental sciences students as well,\" said P Sivaswaroop, regional director of IGNOU and convener.\"Many of our students with degree in pure sciences do not pursue post-graduation as they are not aware of its scope,\" said Rashmi Batra, associate professor of chemistry at Institute of Science and a co-convener.\"With better amenities our students too can carry out research relevant to the industry and society,\" said co-convener LJ Paliwal, HoD, chemistry, at NU.Registration for the symposium is open. Those interested can contact P Sivaswaroop on 9923993311, Rashmi Batra (9823038558) and LJ Paliwal (9822564859) on or before August 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15553509", "title": "South west monsoon normal in 19 districts", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in four districts; fairly widespread in three; scattered in eight; isolated in 14; and negligible in one district in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday. South-West monsoon was normal in 19 districts and weak in 11 districts of Karnataka. Heavy rain was recorded in four districts; rather heavy rain in one; moderate rain in 20; light rain in four; and; very light rain in district, KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned last 24-hours is considered as scattered since 35% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Kota in Udupi taluk of Udupi district recorded maximum rainfall of 113mm in same last 24-hours. Widespread, moderate to heavy rain was received in the two coastal districts of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi, Kodagu, Shimoga, and Chikmagalur districts;Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Ramanagara, Uttara Kannada, Bangalore Urban; scattered, light to moderate rain in Bellary, Chikballapur, Chamrajanagar, Hassan, Davanagere, Haveri, Tumkur and Mysore; isolated, light to moderate rain in Koppal, Bangalore rural, Gulbarga, Yadgir, Mandya, Belgaum, Dharwad, Bijapur, Chitradurga, Raichur, Gadag and Kolar. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 18 has recorded deficit rainfall of 31%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 606.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 420.6mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 18, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 4.5mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 6.7mm, a deficit of 33%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553413", "title": "Vehicle crushes homeless woman near Barapullah road", "text": "New Delhi: An unidentified vehicle ran over a 50-year-old woman and injured four people sleeping on a footpath on Lala Lajpat Rai Marg right next to the Barapullah flyover late on Friday night. The deceased has been identified as Suman while Naru Hassan (16) has been admitted to AIIMS in a critical condition.Three others, 12-year-old Shipo, Sabana (34) and Bapu (56), were injured in the third such incident in the past two months. Though the registration number of the vehicle couldn't be noted, passerby identified it as an SUV, said cops. The incident occurred around 11.45pm on Friday on the footpath between the two carraigeways of the Marg. \"The path is quite wide (around 10foot) but many vehicles coming from the Oberoi side going towards the petrol pump drive right through it,\" said a police officer. Suman had been living on the footpath for several months.In his complaint to the police, Bapu said that they were sleeping when the accident took place \"We were sound asleep. Suddenly, a car coming from the Moolchand side rammed into the footpath, crushed us and fled\". Cops said at the time of the incident, 16 beggars and ragpickers were asleep on the footpath. \"When we rushed to the spot, we saw that Suman was bleeding profusely. All four victims were rushed to AIIMS Trauma Center where Suman was declared brought dead. Naru Hasan and Shipo are critical while the other two have been discharged,\" said a senior police officer.\"It's possible that the driver decided to used the footpath to take a shortcut instead of taking a U-turn under the flyover,\" said the officer, adding that a case of rash and negligent driving and causing death by negligence under sections 279/337/304 (a) has been registered at the Hazrat Nizamuddin police station.\"The area, which has several pavement dwellers, is prone to accidents. We have exchanged numerous letters with the social welfare department highlighting the problem but to no avail,\" said the officer.Delhi's roads are home to over 1 lakh people each night but there's no concrete government policy for their rehabilitation. \"We had put up jersey barriers at the spot but they have been removed. We are trying to make the area more safe for all stakeholders,\" said Joint CP (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552266", "title": "Dedicated feeders for agriculture works", "text": "Patna: The Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) is planning to set up dedicated feeders for agriculture works under Rainbow Revolution.BSEB director (public relation) Hare Ram Pandey said the project will be launched first in Patna district. \"The project is aimed at separating agricultural and non-agricultural feeders so that high quality power is supplied for agricultural use and adequate power is also provided for domestic and others consumers.\"Pandey said BPIC, a private firm, has been selected as project management consultant ( PMC) for the implementation of the project. \"The consultant has already started the field survey through a Ranchi firm which will identify power structure, pump sets being run by electricity and diesel,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551737", "title": "Incurable disease \u2018kills\u2019 woman before her death", "text": "JAIPUR: A 35-year-old cancer patient committed suicide by setting herself on fire in the Galta Gate area on Friday night. According to her family members, she was depressed as the doctors had told her that the decease was incurable.The deceased, Arpana Mandal, was a resident of Jayanti Colony in Galta Gate area.\"Her husband works as a gem stone expert. She was suffering from stomach cancer for the past few years. She was undergoing treatment and doctors had told her that the disease could not be cured as it was in its final stage,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Arpana bolted herself inside a room in her house on Friday night and poured kerosene on her body. She then set herself afire.The family members and neighbours rushed her to SMS Hospital where she succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment.\"We have recorded the statement of her family members. They say she had been very depressed recently,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15553517", "title": "Malar govt primary school may be merged", "text": "MANGALORE: After facing a lot of pressure from parents and other organizations, the recently re-opened Malar government primary school in Dakshina Kannada district has only three children at present. This situation may lead it's merging with a nearby school, if the government's directive was followed.Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (KSCPCR) has served a notice on block education officer of Bantwal education block seeking a report on the school which was remaining closed for a long period in the beginning.The School Development and Monitoring Committee (SDMC) had filed a complaint to KSCPCR to conduct an inquiry behind the closure of the school, which had seven children in the beginning of the academic year.According to rules, there should be a government primary school at every one kilometer distance in villages. However, there is at least five kilometer distance between Malar village and Mudipu or Salethoor where there are government primary schools.SDMC in association with Dakshina Kannada District RTE vigilance and monitoring committee had begun to fight when the school was closed. SDMC members had complained that the BEO had failed to appoint subject teachers for school and the meets were not being held as per rules.While speaking to STOI, Sudhakar, EBO, said the school has reopened and there is no lapse on his part. \"We have deputed a teacher for the school, but it is functioning with meager strength of students,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15557072", "title": "Bombay high court Chief Justice Mohit Shah lauds professionalism of Mumbai HC lawyers", "text": "MUMBAI: While commending the professionalism of lawyers in Mumbai and their cooperative spirit, even the Bombay high court Chief Justice Mohit Shah remembered the court staff and praised them for their high work ethic on Saturday at the concluding event to mark the 150 years of the Bombay high court.\"A popular adage in our High Court is that monsoon deluges do not provide an excuse not to work. In fact there are no excuses here not to work. When the city has been witness to unfortunate events in the recent past, the work of the High Court has continued without a moment's break,\" he said on Saturday.\"The lawyers and staff, many of whom commute several hours to work each day, some even from Pune, do so regardless of prblems but the need to provide access to justice to all litigants,\" he said.He added how the Bombay HC judges never complain about the heavy work load. \"They just make their back stronger and get the joy of judging and bringing about settlements.It is this positive attitude which has led to such magnificient results,\" he said pointing to the fact that pendency came down from 41 lakh cases across the state to 30 lakh in August 2012. None other than the PM recognized and appreciated Chief Justice Shah's own efforts at reducing the massive backlog of cases five lakh a year in Maharashtra since his appointment mid 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556627", "title": "Shooting coach Thomas resigns after 19 years at helm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Long-serving national shooting coach Sunny Thomas has offered his resignation to the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) after 19 years at the helm during which India won four Olympic medals in the sport.Thomas, though, will be involved with the sport in some capacity, he said.\"I have tendered my resignation. It's been 19 years and now I thought of moving on,\" said Thomas.\"But I am not cutting off my ties with shooting. I will continue my involvement with the sport,\" the jovial Keralite added.A Dronacharya awardee, Thomas has been around for a long time and watched several Olympics as India's shooting coach, besides managing the team in other international tournaments, including Asian Games, Commonwealth Games , World Cups and World Championships during his tenure.He has been known to manage the team well and has helped the shooters whichever way he could.After his service with the national team, Thomas now plans to give the sport a fillip in his home state Kerala, by having acclaimed international shooters to train youngsters.During his time, India has won innumerable medals in the sport. While Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore brought home a silver medal in double trap in the 2004 Athens Olympics, rifle ace Abhinav Bindra did one better in the next Games in Beijing , winning a historic gold.Vijay Kumar (25m rapidfire)and Gagan Narang (10m air rifle) capped off Thomas' journey on a good note, winning a silver and a bronze respectively at the London Games recently.Moving away from Olympics, one would lose count of the number of medals India has won in multi-sport events and other important tournaments under Thomas.Though he was happy with India's haul in London, Thomas was expecting at least 4-5 medals.\"Realistically, I had expected 4-5 medals. But then it's okay, last time we won one, and two this time. The colour may not be gold but the numbers are more this time,\" Thomas had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552431", "title": "Two die after 3 of family take poison", "text": "Chennai: A woman and her daughter committed suicide by consuming poison on Thursday night, while the woman's younger daughter is battling for life in a city hospital.Police said Uma, 30, who worked in the house-keeping department of a private hospital, her husband Saravanan, a tailor, and their two daughters lived in Chitlapakkam under Pallikaranai police station limits.On Thursday night, Saravanan returned home and found Uma and daughters Arathi, 11, and Abhi, 10, lying unconscious. He rushed them to a nearby private hospital where he was told they had consumed poison.They were later shifted to the Government General Hospital where Uma and Arathi died. Abhi is battling for life at the Institute of Child Health hospital in Egmore.Police said Saravanan often chided Uma for coming home late. Neighbours told police that every other day there used to be a fight between the couple and that many a time they had to intervene. The couple's daughters were bright students and went to a government school nearby.Police said that Saravanan often called her at work wanting to know where she was. He constantly suspected her. A case of unnatural death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "15557860", "title": "Six child labourers rescued from a book binding unit", "text": "PUNE : The Pune crime branch have rescued six child labourers from a book binding unit in Hadapsar. The police have booked the person, who had brought the children from West Bengal to Pune recently.Senior police inspector of the social security cell of the Pune crime branch Bhanupratap Barge made the arrests. Speaking to TOI Barge said that police constable Sohanlal Chutele had received a tip-off that children were forced to work in the book binding unit on Handewadi road in Satavnagar at Hadapsar. \"\"We informed the labour commissioner's office and raided the spot along with the officials from the labour commissioner's office,\"\" Barge said.According to the police, six children of the age group between 12 to 15 years were found working in the unit. They had been assigned to prepare envelopes in the unit. Police investigations revealed that one Jainur Jamrul Abedin of Chudaman Talim area, Bhavani Peth had brought these children from West Bengal on the promise of giving them good job. \"\"All the six children have been sent to observatory home in Shivajinagar,\"\" Barge added.The police investigating team comprised police sub-inspector Ashwini Jagtap, police constable Dattatreya Nikam, Shashikant Shinde, Ganesh Jagtap, Sachin Kokare, Damayanti Jagdale and Deepak Jade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551606", "title": "Kolkata gifts Odisha girl a second life", "text": "KOLKATA: Haribola Muduli will remember August 12, 2012, for the rest of her life. She was finally meeting her family members, her villagers and reuniting with them after a year. The excitement in all the faces gathered in SPREAD's (Society for Promoting Rural Education and Development) Koraput office said it all. The long lost daughter was finally found and long lost hopes restored.\" Thank god we got our child back. We are happy to have her back. We had given up all hopes of finding her,\" said Mangulu Kalpadia, sarpanch of Haribola's village. The girl, however, didn't talk much. But the sense of relief was clearly visible in her eyes.Haribola, a 12-year-old specially-abled child, went missing from her village Paraja Mundar in August last year. Although missing complaints were lodged, no one could trace her whereabouts. After a year of frantic search, the entire village had lost all hopes of finding her.However, the girl was found by club members of Jagarani Sangha, Bijoygarh, roaming aimlessly around their Durga Puja pandal on October 4. When prodded, she couldn't tell her name or where she was from. In fact, she couldn't answer anything coherently. She was later reported to Jadavpur police station, and finally Kolkata Childline was entrusted to protect and provide shelter to this girl from an unknown village. Gradually, she was named Sanjana but her past remained as shady as ever.It is still not known where she was between August and October, but medical tests have confirmed there has been no assault, sexual or otherwise, on her.Once under Kolkata Childline's care, Sanjana started to recuperate. Later it was identified that the child was from Odisha's Parja Munda (the girl couldn't pronounce the actual name, Paraja Mundar) village. The Child Welfare Committee, Howrah, then directed Kolkata Childline to hand over the child (still being referred to as Sanjana) to Odisha Childline at Berhampur.In February, Sanjana was taken to Behrampur branch of Odisha Childline, which is run in collaboration with the Indian Society for Rural Development (ISRD). The girl underwent psychiatric treatment and her communication skills improved drastically in the last six months. However, ISRD was unable to trace her village and family all this while.On July 25, ISRD director Sudhir Sabat met Bidyut Mohanty, secretary of SPREAD's Koraput branch, and enquired about Parja Munda village. Mohanty, who has been working in Koraput for almost a quarter of a century, recollected that SPREAD works in a village called Paraja Mundar. When probed further, it was found the girl was indeed from Paraja Mundar village. All the details matched and it was found that Haribola, an orphan, used to stay with her grandmother and went missing a year ago. It is now suspected that the girl might have strayed to Paleda railway station, the only station near her village, took a train to Vizag and from there boarded another train to reach Kolkata.\"The girl was lucky to have received helping hands at all places. The entire Paraja Mundar village trudged 15 km in heavy rain to reach our office and receive their child. The joy on their faces was the biggest gift we in SPREAD could have had,\" beamed Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556036", "title": "Three is company: India embraces trilateral diplomacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's the season for trilaterals. India, Afghanistan and US are preparing for their first trilateral meeting in a few weeks time. A few weeks ago, Pakistan and Afghanistan met for another trilateral with UK.The trilateral or \"minilateral\" is acquiring a fashionable status in international diplomacy and trading arrangements, because its seen as being small, businesslike and fleet-footed. From being a somewhat hesitant beginner, India has become an enthusiastic participant. By the end of October, India, US and Japan are scheduled to hold their next trilateral, which is now being seen as a template for other trilaterals. Trilaterals are being seen as an easy forum for small groups of countries to solve common problems or build on common interests.India held its first trilateral (at track one-and-half, which means there was only partial official presence) with Japan and Korea a few months ago. Although the meeting was overshadowed by residual tension between Japan and Korea over Korea's last minute refusal to sign an intelligence-sharing agreement with Japan. But this trilateral may become official sooner rather than later.Probably the most important security trilateral that India holds is with Sri Lanka and Maldives, at the NSA level. This is directly connected to India's strategic and security interests in the Indian Ocean , one where the other two countries have equal stakes.Australia has asked India to start two trilateral arrangements, one with the US and the second with Indonesia. India has been cool to the first, though the second has a much better chance of becoming reality. Australia, though an important relationship and one that is growing daily, suffers from two weaknesses where the Indian system is concerned. First, it's seen as a junior partner to the US, which affects Indian perception; and second, the Indians fear that Australia may be the first to buckle under Chinese pressure, if Beijing takes exceptions to these meetings.The second impression unfortunately, goes back to the first \"minilateral\" in this region - the quadrilateral, started in the wake of the 2004 tsunami between India, Japan, Australia and US. After China bore down on the members of the quadrilateral in the wake of a Malabar naval exercise in 2007, Australia was the first to quit the group.There is one trilateral that will not happen for some time - China, India and US. Beijing has shown no interest in an invitation to such a trilateral, said sources, partly because Beijing believes it has a broad enough relationship with the US and India is not yet in that league. However, it has conceded to some track-2 efforts to keep both US and India off its back.India used to have a trilateral with Russia and China, but that has got absorbed into BRICS. But India continues to hold on to the IBSA, a trilateral \"among democracies\".Nearer home, a trilateral grouping in the making is between India, Myanmar and Thailand. With India pushing a trilateral highway connecting the three countries, trade and connectivity will be the glue for this group. The three heads of government are likely to meet together on the sidelines of the Asean-India summit here in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15558252", "title": "Harbhajan roars back to form with 7-wicket match haul", "text": "LONDON: Senior off-spinner Harbhajan Singh was back in his element as he had match-haul of seven wickets (4/91 &amp; 3/62) for Essex against Glamorgan in an English county game, which ended at the Castle Park Ground, in Colchester, on Saturday.Having taken four wickets in an earlier match against Kent in Canterbury, the 'Turbonator' has now taken 11 wickets in two first-class match -- a clear indication that he is in fine form.The national call-up must have spurred country's senior most spinner to show that he still has a lot of fire left in him. The zip is back, so are the confident strides as he bowled a total of 65 overs in the match --- 35 in the first innings and 30 in the second innings.This is incidentally the first of his five first-class matches that wasn't interrupted by rain as Harbhajan grew in confidence with each wicket.Harbhajan's scalps in the first innings included Ben Wright (47), centurion Stewart Walters (159), Mark Wallace (36) and Dean Cosker (4). It was due to Harbhajan's controlled bowling after which Glamorgan easing their way at 316 for three were all-out for 438.Essex scored 520 in their first innings and then it was Harbhajan, who opened the bowling got three quick wickets of William Bragg (23), Nick James (32) and first innings centurion Stewart Walters (1) to reduce Glamorgan to 63 for four.The wickets of Bragg and Walters especially were satisfying as both were caught by glovesman James Foster .It was a classical off-break that turned away from Bragg into the gloves of Foster while right hander Stewart got a straighter one. Harbhajan's form augurs well for India's World T20 campaign and should also give selectors confidence to get him back to Test squad for the tougher Test series against England and Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15551532", "title": "Cops zero down on history sheeters", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have ruled out the involvement of anyone outside the state or Coimbatore district in the twin burglary that took place at two adjacent houses near Sundarapuram in the city. The ongoing probe is now focused on the known history sheeters and burglars in Sundarapuram and nearby areas to locate the two youth reportedly behind the crime. No arrests have been made so far but police claimed they are pursuing the available leads.\"As per the initial clue and statements collected from the residents, it seems that the crime was committed by someone who knew the locality very well. They must have zeroed upon the houses and also tracked the movements of the residents before breaking into the house,\" said a police officer involved in the probe.The police officers are presently cross checking the whereabouts of known burglars. They are also trying to locate if there are any similarities in the modus operandi of the suspects with other house break in and burglaries reported in the city in the recent past.Two youth broke into the residence of a 46-year-old woman when she was alone at her home on Friday and decamped with 60 sovereigns of gold ornaments after holding her at gunpoint. The same duo also reportedly broke into a nearby home and fled with an additional 20 sovereigns of gold and Rs20,000 cash. Podanur police is probing both the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552095", "title": "Fire mishap averted at Tripunithura", "text": "KOCHI: A major disaster was averted at the Tripunithura Telephone Exchange on Saturday when a fire broke out here, charring furniture and scrap batteries dumped beneath a staircase.Since only a wall separates the corridor from the sub-station and the digital transmission station, the fire could have caused a major mishap, but it was brought under control in time.Seeing the flames, local residents alerted the fire unit in Tripunithura who reached the spot along with Hill Palace Police, and put out the flames. Furniture including tables and cupboards, electronic equipment and scrap batteries was gutted.The plastering of the wall separating the corridor from the transmission station was blown off in the impact of the fire. According to the Hill Palace Police, the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, and there is no indication of a short circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15553479", "title": "Failed monsoon leaves sugar growers with bitter taste", "text": "BELGAUM: Delayed monsoon and prevailing drought conditions have badly affected the sugarcane crop. The district, which prides itself as the 'sugar bowl' of Karnataka, is the biggest contributor to the sugar produced in the state and houses the maximum number of large scale sugar industries.The areas under sugarcane cultivation are fed by rivers, canals, wells and borewells. But the continued drought-like situation in June and July too, has dried up all the water resources. It has also depleted the groundwater table.According to sources in the agriculture department , sugarcane on 52,792 hectares of the total 2, 12,723 hectares is affected due to the scarcity of water. Raibag taluk is the worst hit with 10,887 hectares affected by the lack of rain, while Khanapur is the least affected with just 250 hectares.Speaking to STOI, Lokprakash, joint director of agriculture department, said the extent of damage to the crops ranged between 20% and 70% in different areas. This is expected to decrease the yield and also affect sugar production drastically.In Chikkodi, Athani and Raibag taluks, farmers have already cut the affected standing crop and used it as fodder for cattle. According to Lokprakash, crops in 25,516 hectares were damaged more than 50%, which was a matter of concern.But the reduction in yield has also raised hope among some farmers about being able to get better price for their produce. As many as 20 sugar factories operate in the district and most of them increased their crushing capacity in the recent years. Competition between sugar factories also seems to be benefiting farmers in getting good price this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552318", "title": "Ministers fail to stop exodus of people from Bangalore", "text": "GUWAHATI: The persuasive efforts of two state cabinet ministers at Bangalore railway station trying to convince people from the northeast that the Karnataka government has assured them security and they should stay put in the southern city did little to change the minds of the thousands leaving their workplace to head back home.On Saturday, the Karnataka government appealed to NE people who have left the city to return to Bangalore, assuring them that their jobs would remain and there would be no pay cuts.Assam agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, who is in Bangalore, said an estimated 7,000 people from the region living in Bangalore and nearby areas have left for their homes since August 13.An estimated three lakh NE people reside and study or work in Bangalore.\"When we reached Bangalore railway station yesterday (Friday), already more than 500 people had boarded the special train to Guwahati. We persuaded them to stay back as there was no trouble in the city and the Karnataka government has assured that their lives and properties would be safeguarded. But no one paid any heed to our plea,\" Deka said.Of the five special trains arranged by Southern Railways to bring NE people to Guwahati, two have already arrived and the remaining ones are scheduled to arrive by Sunday. The trains will leave Guwahati for Bangalore on Sunday to facilitate the return of more people.Deka said that the Karnataka government too has appealed to NE people to return and assured them safety and that they would continue to be engaged in their jobs.It is not just the NE professionals and students living in Bangalore who are fleeing the city fearing for their safety. Even Bangaloreans who have NE people as tenants and companies with employees from the region are happy to see them leave as they \"do not want any trouble.\"\"I was told by my landlord to go home for a few weeks till everything becomes normal. He is a good man and he is only concerned about my safety,\" said Bhabesh Deka, a casual worker with a construction company who arrived here. In the case of Nrpen Das, the security agency where he works advised him to take few days break and visit his home. \"I will go back but only when I am convinced that it is safe to do so,\" he said.Most of the people who have left are working as labourers, security guards or at lower levels in companies and lived in rented accommodation in minority-dominated areas where rents are relatively lower. Those working in high-end companies and living in posh localities have preferred to stay back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "15552052", "title": "Mansa violence: Joga police station staff axed", "text": "MANSA: Turbulent happenings in Mansa area in the last two months have proved very dear to the police force of the district. If earlier Mansa senior superintendent of police (SSP) and Joga police station house officer(SHO) were placed under suspension after the infamous Joga cow slaughter factory case surfaced in June, now the entire staff of the same police station, including the SHO have been transferred.The mass transfers have been made for impartial investigation into the cow slaughter case and also violence that followed it.Two persons had died due to teargas shelling by police at Aklia jvillage just near Joga last month. Violence had erupted on June 10 after local persons came to know about cow slaughter in an animal bone crushing factory. SSP Sukhdev Singh Chahal and SHO Rajinderpal Singh were placed under suspension the same day by CM Parkash Singh Badal for alleged mishandling of the situation.Police again invited controversy for resorting to teargas shelling (firing according to few residents) on July 24 for taking into custody a snatcher, son of a police officer. The shelling had resulted in the death of two persons. The state government had to compensate the families of the deceased with Rs. 5 lakh each and government jobs to one of the family members.Mansa SSP Narinder Bhargava said, \"The entire staff of police station Joga has been transferred, including SHO, 4 ASIs, 6 head constables and 10 constables to ensure impartial probes into both the incidents\". The step has also been taken to build confidence of villagers in the police force, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15553446", "title": "Course on VLSI design offered", "text": "HUBLI: Deshpande Educational Trust (DET) and Sankalp Semiconductor (Hubli) will jointly offer a new programme called 'Deshpande Susandhi Sankalp Fellowship'. The eight-month residential programme will focus on creasing early domain expertise in VLSI (IC) design.According a press release by DET, the course will provide semiconductor hi-tech technology learning-VLSI (IC) design, integrated of soft and life skill aspects into training, coaching from experienced faculty from the industry and other facilities.Students who have completed XII Std in science domain are eligible for the programme. Applications are available at DET office, and the final selection process, with written test, is scheduled for Monday at DET office. Call 9686654749.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15552084", "title": "3 local students involved in 11 chain thefts", "text": "NASHIK: Three persons accused of chain-snatching were arrested by the Deolali Camp police on August 13. The three, all college students, have been involved in as many as 11 incidents of chain snatching across the city, said senior police inspector at Deolali Camp police station, Anil Powar.The accused were picked up after the police received a tip -off on August 13 and have been identified as Santosh Kotewal (20) from Kathe Galli, Nashik-Pune Road, Ashish Katare (19) from Old Adgaon Naka and Nikhil Borse (17) from Shingada Talav.Powar said that while Kotwal is a first year students at BYK college, Katare is an HSC student at the same college. Borse who is a student at RYK college is the son of a fire brigade staffer and has been sent to a remand home .Powar added that the accused were involved in three incidents of chain snatching in the jurisdiction of the Ambad police station, two in the jurisdiction of the Indiranagar police station, five in Upanagar and one in the jurisdiction of the Panchavati police station area.\"Collectively, we have recovered 140 grams of gold in the form of chains from the accused, and have also recovered three motorcycles that were used in the crime. The total worth of all confiscated items including the jewellery is around Rs 4.85 lakh,\" said Powar.Police claim that incidents of chain-snatching have dropped by more than 50 % in comparison to last year.Extensive combing operations, surprise naka bandis and a constant monitoring of criminals has ensured that the crime rate is kept low, police said.But there havebeen instances of chain-snatching, despite the drop in crime. On August 15, the gold chain of a woman who was shopping in Panchavati, was snatched by bike borne thieves.In another incident, a gold chain worth Rs 30,000 was snatched from a woman near the busy Pinnacle Mall area on Sunday. While the police have focussed their attention on gangs operating near Kalyan or monitoring the entry of gangs from outside the city, the involvement of local college students has posed a new challenge for cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552595", "title": "Cautious northeast students stay indoors", "text": "BANGALORE: Panic levels may have dropped, but life hasn't returned to normal for students from the northeast. Young people continued to stay away from campuses -- either holed up in their residences or have taken the train back home.\"All these days there were familiar faces around. All of a sudden they have vanished. It's a strange and depressing feeling. I am sacred to step out. There's no one around. People on the roads have suddenly become cautious of our presence . I now ask my friend to pick me up instead of walking to college,\" said a student.\"The initial chaos has subsided . Those who wanted to go home left or are in the process of leaving. Those who decided to stay back have shifted to safer places or have decided to stay in groups. But this does not mean they are relaxed. We are advising them to be cautious ,\" said Golan Naulek, faculty , St Joseph's College.\"Many students from the northeast states have stopped attending college. We heard that some people were attacked . These incidents have affected students. They are not very confident about stepping out of their houses/hostels. Many students have shifted to community or college hostels, which have almost turned into relief camps. Promises made by community leaders, politicians and police have worked positively, but students are still afraid about the August 20 threats and are not very confident,\" said Rashi Jauhri from Students for Free Tibet.Anirban Dutta, coordinator of the Northeast and Tibetan Forum said: \"About 40 students today moved to rooms in St Joseph's College. But threats to the community have not yet stopped. Two students were threatened outside Garuda Mall and were told to leave the city. Students are feeling a little more secure, with assurances by the government, police and media playing a vital role, but there is still fear in the minds of these people which will take time to go.\"RGUHS EXAMS PUT OFFRajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences has decided to postpone exams scheduled for August 23. The new dates for undergraduate exams for nursing, pharmacy, physiotherapy and allied health sciences will be announced later. The decision was made at a principals' meet organized by the university. Principals have been told to give special protection to northeast students and even get help from local police, if necessary. The varsity also introduced a helpline for northeast students: 9141935874/ 8453816903/ 8453755276.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15552064", "title": "Didi won\u2019t rock UPA over reforms", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee may vehemently oppose the move to allow FDI in multi-brand retail or the tabling of the forward trading bill, but her party won't take the dissent so far as to rock the UPA boat. The Trinamool Congress chief gave her word to defence minister A K Antony who spoke to her for over an hour at Writers' Buildings on Saturday.The defence minister reciprocated by promising \"all support\" to her government in Bengal\". The body language of the two leaders indicated their meeting was fruitful. It was evident that the Congress leader was able to send out the message that his party was trying to consult the allies before taking crucial decisions.During their meeting at the secretariat, the two leaders discussed some of the crucial bills lined up for the monsoon session, among them the forward trading bill, the national highways bill and the land acquisition bill \u2014 all of which the Trinamool has opposed.Mamata on her part raised the issue of financial support from the Centre and defence ministry clearance to the Hooghly riverbank beautification plan. The def-ence minister has promised an early clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552446", "title": "Dipika Pallikkal in line for Arjuna award", "text": "KOCHI: Chennai-based Malayali squash player Dipika Pallikkal has been recommended for the Arjuna award by the selection panel on Saturday.She is the lone Malayali in the list of 25 players chosen for the prestigious award. It would have given Dipika some solace after her loss in the semifinal of Australian Open Squash tournament earlier in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15552205", "title": "5 factions of Manipur rebel group begin talks with govt", "text": "IMPHAL: Amid the Okram Ibobi Singh government's frequent calls to underground organizations for talks, the United Revolutionary Front (URF), a conglomerate of five different factions of the underground Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP), has started dialogue with the government.Three rounds of initial tripartite meetings involving the Centre, state and the front have already been held in Imphal. \"Since March 23, three rounds of initial meetings involving us and representatives of the state and central government have taken place and the outcome was fruitful,\" said Lalheiba Meitei, the front's acting chairman and leader of KCP- Military Council.Besides KCP-Military Council, the other constituent members of the front include KCP Military Task Force (Sunil Meitei), KCP (Chingkei Nganba), KCP-MC (Lamyanba Khuman), KCP (KK Nganba). Though formal political dialogue is yet to start, the front's cadres and leaders, numbering over 100, are currently putting up at a camp of 30 Assam Rifles at Khurkhul village in Imphal West.URF's total cadre strength is 470 and most of them have been asked to turn up at the camp, Lalheiba said, while disclosing that two more KCP factions are likely to join the front.\"Instead of holding ceasefire or suspension of operation with the government, our demand is to begin official tripartite political dialogue and we have a 31-point charter of demands to be put up during talks,\" said Lalheiba at the front's maiden media conference at the paramilitary force's camp on Saturday afternoon.\"It would be premature to disclose our demands at this stage but some agendas are focused on formulating work culture and green revolution in Manipur,\" he said, while welcoming other groups to join the front and go together for dialogue. He added, \"Once the formal political dialogue starts, the government would set up a designated camp for the front. Both the state and the Centre have agreed to some of our terms.\"Over 100 members of the United Revolutionary Front, a conglomerate of five factions of KCP are currently putting up at a camp of 30 Assam Rifles at Khurkhul village in Imphal West", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550713", "title": "Power crisis may deepen: Report", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state is spending Rs 15 crore every day to buy power for supply to consumers. But, new principal secretary of the energy department Mrutyunjay Sahoo has set alarm bells ringing by submitting an internal report predicting that things could turn worse what with power surpluses in other states also likely to dwindle.In future, power will not be available from other states even at a higher price, the report says.The report submitted to the chief minister points out that the present situation, in spite of such high purchases, cannot be said to be very rosy. Out of 9,300 feeders in the state that transmit power to consumers, 4,000 are not getting adequate supply while 2,000 are getting negligible supply, the report points out.Because of this, the state is not able to provide a continuous seven-hour supply to the agriculture sector, the report said.While the shortage in the state was 17.2% last month, it is expected to go up with the current dry spell likely to prolong. The dry spell is also deepening the crisis as power consumption is higher in areas under borewell agriculture.Though Sahoo's appointment last fortnight was greeted by rains in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, this proved to be a shortlived joy. The dry spell has again set in the state and inflows into Srisailam are on the decline. The demand supply-gap is presently at 50 million units. \"The demand is 265 million units and the supply is 215 million units. The gap is expected go up in the next few months,\" the report said.The situation has worsened because of closure of the hydel plants.\"In normal conditions, the state gets about 3,100 MW power from hydel projects and the share of Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar is about 1,600 MW. Now, with the drying up of reservoirs, the hydel power generation has come down to almost nil,\" the report said.Meanwhile, the power shortage issue is now taking a regional dimension. On Saturday, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) alleged that the region was discriminated regarding power supply to agriculture.Demanding a seven-hour power supply to farmers in the Telangana region, a delegation of TRS leaders submitted a memorandum to APGenco chairman K Vijayanand. TRS floor leader Etela Rajender accused the power utilities of discrimination against the Telangana region in the supply of power compared to Seemandhra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552366", "title": "Fewer people from northeast leaving Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The panic among people from the northeast has subsided. The rush to catch trains to the region was down to a trickle on Saturday.Railway officials said only 300 people from the northeast left Bangalore on Saturday. These tickets were purchased from the Yeshwantpur station. At the City station, the special train to Guwahati on Saturday night was cancelled because only 80 tickets were booked.N Ramesh, senior deputy commercial manager, South Western Railway, said: \"We need a minimum of 2,500 tickets to be booked to run a train.\"Meanwhile, four more cases were booked against those who tried to intimidate people from the northeast on Friday.The exodus of people to northeastern region is expected to be over by Sunday. VS D'Souza , the nodal officer appointed to look after the affairs of northeastern citizens, told STOI: \"The situation is improving and representatives of the Assam government feel that the trend will change from Sunday. Hopefully, there won't be any more exodus.\"On police refusing to register cases on complaints from northeastern students, D'Souza , who is DCP (intelligence), said anyone who faces such a problem may contact the helplines or his mobile 9480801020. \"We will not allow anyone to refuse to book cases. This is a strict order from the government and has to be obeyed in letter and spirit.\"Apart from three companies each from the Rapid Action Force and Central Reserve Police Force that conducted a flag march in sensitive areas of Bangalore, police deployed 10,000 personnel from the Karnataka State Reserve Police . \"These areas will be under strict vigil till the middle of next week,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15558059", "title": "Ramzan bundobust: Police hire more CCTV cameras", "text": "BANGALORE: City police have made tight security arrangements for Ramzan celebrations on Monday. In addition to the deployment of nearly 20,000 personnel, city police will hire cameras including CCTVs and digitals and cover the entire day's proceedings all over city.Police in plain cloths will move around in private vehicles and shoot on seeing any suspicious incidents or persons. City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji on Sunday said that three each platoons of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and Rapid Action Force (RAF) will march in sensitive areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552761", "title": "Determination of infiltrators faces strong resistance from minorities", "text": "A primer on the continuing ethnic conflict between the indigenous Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslim settlers in western Assam.Who are the Bodos?Bodos are the earliest settlers of Assam belonging to the Bodo-Kachari family. They are found in areas stretching from eastern Nepal to Assam and the foothills of Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh. In Assam, they live mostly in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Bongaigaon, Baksa, Barpeta, Kamrup, Darrang, Udalguri and Sonitpur. Their estimated number in Assam is more than 15 lakh, of whom over 90% are Hindus.When was Bodoland Territorial Council formed?In 1988, Bodos started a violent campaign for a separate state with the slogan \"Divide Assam 50-50\". Some of them took up arms and founded outfits like the Bodoland Liberation Tigers (BLT) and the National Democratic Front of Bodoland with their bases in Bhutan and Bangladesh. After a series of talks with the Centre and the Assam government, BLT fighters headed by Hagrama Mohilary agreed to accept autonomy under the concept of a-state-within-a-state on February 10, 2003. This paved the way for the formation of the Bodoland Territorial Council comprising Kokrajhar, Chirang, Baksa and Udalguri districts.Who are the other ethnic groups that live in the BTC-administered districts?Bengali-speaking Muslims and Hindus, Assamese, Rajbongshis, Ravas, Nepalis and Adivasis of Chota Nagpur origin are the other major groups who live in the region. Of them, Bengali-speaking Muslims are the most dominant.What are chief reasons behind the rivalry between Bodos and Muslims?Assam has seen riots between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims a number of times. Altogether 113 people died when they fought in Kokrajhar in 1994, while 64 were killed in Udalguri in 2008. The latest round of violence has so far cost 79 lives. The tussle over control of land is attributed as the main cause of enmity. Bodos say most Muslim settlers are illegal migrants from Bangladesh. On the other hand, Muslims claim that Bodos are not in a majority in the region which is enough ground for the the dissolution of the BTC. They complain that BTC provisions make it difficult for non-tribals to buy land there. Assamese-speaking Muslims, whose number is miniscule in the state, have so far remained detached from the conflict.When did Bengali-speaking Muslims start settling in Assam ?Muslims from erstwhile East Bengal started migrating to the plains of Assam in the late 19th century. This has not stopped even after India's partition. Bengali-speaking Muslims form 31.3% of Assam's population of 3.1 crore. Of the state's 27 districts, they dominate Dhubri, Goalpara, Barpeta, Darrang, Nagaon, Karimganj and Hailakandi.What is the percentage of Muslim representation in assembly and Lok Sabha?There are 28 Muslims in the 126-member state assembly. Of them, 18 belong to the Bengali Muslim-dominated All-India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) founded by Maulana Badaruddin Ajmal.Who are the key players who represent Bengali-speaking Muslims and Bodos in the conflict zone?A native of Hojai, Maulana Ajmal has emerged as the face of Muslim resistance in Assam. He runs a multi-billion perfume business stretching from India to the Gulf and Europe. He is the chief of the Jamiat's Assam unit and formed the AIUDF in 2006 to fight for the rights of the minorities. He represents Dhubri in the Lok Sabha. (Assam has 14 LS seats). The other Muslim MP belongs to the Congress. Ajmal recently came under fire after he called for the the disbandment of the BTC in the wake of riots.A former leader of the now-disbanded BLT, Hagrama Mohilary heads the BTC as an elected chief. He has converted BLT into a political organization named the Bodoland People's Front, which is an ally of Assam's Congress-led government. He hold \"inflitrators from Bangladesh\" responsible for the current violence.What are routes that infiltrators from Bangladesh follow to enter Assam?Infiltrators get in through Dhubri, which has a long riverine border with Bangladesh, Garo Hills in Meghalaya, Karimganj and Cachar in Bengali-dominated Barak Valley, Tripura and Bengal. Like Assam, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Manipur also face the problem of infiltration from Bangladesh.What is the status of the Assam Accord (signed between the Centre and Assam leaders in 1985) vis-a-vis the infiltration problem?Three of the main clause of the agreement were detection and deportation of illegal migrants, update of the National Register of Citizens and erection of a border fence between India and Bangladesh. The government has found it difficult to detect and deport infiltrators because of the Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal) Act, 1983, and Bangladesh's persistent refusal to acknowledge the presence of its citizens in India. NRC upgradation faces strong resistance from the minorities. Most of the NE's borders with Bangladesh are yet to be fenced. The Illegal Migrants (Determination by Tribunal) Act, which was scapped by the Supreme Court in 2005, put the onus to prove whether one is a non-national on the police or complainants. The Asom Gana Parishad and the BJP are the two main parties fighting against \"Bangladeshi infiltration'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550535", "title": "Kaya klesh one of 12 kinds of penance", "text": "MUMBAI: Several Jains don't stop at the rigours of kaya klesh; they live like monks for the rest of the eight-day festival of Parshuyan in the spartan environs of a temple or upashraya, don white robes and go from door to door begging for food. Till recently, most Jains would fast and pray during Paryushan in their attempt to overcome desire of any kind; this year, the festival has taken on a new shade of penance.The kaya klesh practice, though very new, is on the rise. As Muni Vimalsagarji, a senior monk, explains, \"There are 12 kinds of penance, six of them external like upwaas (fasting) and six internal. Kaya klesh is one of these. The most important sacrifice for Jains is the sacrifice of one's body, putting it through severe endurance tests\u2014it is, for example, about the amount of harsh sun you can take or how much hunger or thirst you can withstand. Kaya klesh, in particular, also teaches you not to ascribe so much importance to your physical self.\"Next month, other Jains whose Paryushan is due to begin will also undergo kaya klesh under Vimalsagarji Maharaj, who is currently in Bhiwandi, Mumbai. Babulal Jain-Ujwal, a Kandivli resident, who is a fount of information on diksha and monks, says that this penance has always been spoken about in the Jain texts but has gained popularity among devotees only from last year.Though both male and female monks pluck hair this way before taking deeksha, the practise of kaya klesh has not yet picked up among Jain women devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15550954", "title": "College of Military Engineering scraps results as paper was leaked", "text": "PUNE: The prestigious College of Military Engineering (CME), Pune, has scrapped the results of the recently held recruitment exam for group C employees after an initial fast-track inquiry revealed that the exam paper was leaked. A court of inquiry (CoI) has been ordered to fix responsibility for the paper leak.None of the 'successful' candidates had joined the CME considering that the recruitment process was at the half-way mark with the interviews and document check process scheduled for September 3 to 7. The same now stands cancelled and the letters of interview and document check too have been declared null and void by the college.This is the second instance of a recruitment-related irregularity in a defence academic institution in the last two months. A recruitment scam hit the National Defence Academy (NDA), Khadakwasla, in June/July.\"A re-test will be conducted on September 30 for all the 7,786 candidates who had appeared in the recruitment exam held in three phases on May 6, May 20 and May 27,\" Colonel Mukesh Sharma, head of CME's general staff, told TOI on Saturday.The exam was conducted for filling up 200 group C civilian posts, which fall in the multi-tasking trade such as lashkar (office keeper), messenger, sweeper, gardner and cleaner, Sharma said.The CME ranks among the Indian Army's premier technical and tactical training institutions for the Corps of Engineers, which includes combat engineers, military engineering service, border roads organization and survey. The college is located on a sprawling 3,600- acre campus along the old Pune-Mumbai highway and has three faculties for combat engineering, civil engineering and electrical and mechanical engineering.\"The preliminary inquiry, conducted by an officer of the rank of a brigadier, provided sufficient indications about an existing civilian employee of the college being the source of paper leak. The employee has confessed to his role in facilitating the paper leak,\" said Sharma.\"We checked the result sheets and papers during the preliminary inquiry process that was set off following an anonymous tip-off,\" said Sharma. \"We found that some group of candidates had got unbelievably high marks. There were sufficient indications for the college authorities to believe that the paper leak may have occurred and we wanted to send a strong message that such things cannot be tolerated,\" he said.\"In view of the unfair advantage accruing to certain candidates, who may have benefitted from the leak, the CME commandant decided to countermand the results of the examination and convene a court of inquiry for further detailed investigation to pin point responsibility for the paper leak,\" he added.\"We are not ruling out any possibility as to whether one or more persons are involved in the paper leak and whether they are from civilian or army establishment. The court of inquiry will bring out the facts and stringent action will be taken accordingly,\" Sharma said, adding that the question of lodging a formal police complaint on the matter will arise only after the court of inquiry is over.According to Sharma, the CME has a fairly full-proof system for conduct of exams and the authorities are quite surprised as to how the paper leak may have happened. The impending inquiry will focus on how the offenders managed to source the paper.The CME was to put out the results of the recruitment exam in newspapers but withheld the same following the anonymous tip-off and the inquiry that ensued. In between, the college had dispatched the letters of interview and document check to the successful candidates. \"The letters are now null and void and we will soon release a public notice regarding the re-test and fresh process, in newspapers,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550823", "title": "Engineering student jumps to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: An engineering second year student committed suicide by jumping from a multi-storied building at Geethanjali Engineering College campus in Keesara on Saturday. The student reportedly took the extreme step after she got poor marks in a practical exam.At around 4pm, K Monica, 19, jumped from the college building and suffered multiple injuries. She was shifted to a nearby private hospital, where she succumbed while undergoing treatment, the Keesara police said.\"Monica after writing her exam in the first floor took the stairs and jumped either from the second or third floor. We are yet to ascertain that,'' Keesara sub-inspector A Saideshwar said. The student did not leave any suicide note.The incident happened when the students were leaving the campus for the day. Monica was a resident of Sainikpuri.Police have registered a case under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Court (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551335", "title": "Lion pair avidly awaits younger associates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Get ready to have a closer look at Asiatic lions. The ageing lion pair of Prince and Shubhangi at Lucknow zoo is set to get a 'much younger' company soon. The enclosure adjacent to them will house a new pair of lions coming from Rajkot zoo in Gujarat.The new pair, besides being young, will also be genetically superior as it will be of pure bloodline.At present, Lucknow zoo has two lions. The male lion Prince is almost 18-year-old and has lived its prime while the lioness Shubhangi too is almost of the same age as Prince. Prince and Shubhangi were brought to city zoo from Chandigarh zoo in April 2003.They are hybrid lions - a cross between Asiatic and African lions. Another lioness, Baby, also a hybrid, died in May this year.Given the law which does not allow propagation of hybrids, zoo authorities never paired the male and the females.As a result, no cubs were born in the zoo and the number of lions remained stagnant.\"Both the lions which we have right now are very old,\" said zoo director Renu Singh. In such a situation bringing in a new pair of lions was almost necessary. With the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) giving its consent to the exchange of animals between Lucknow zoo and Rajkot zoo, a four-year-old lioness, Hir, and a year-old lion cub will soon be part of Lucknow zoo's extended family.Hir was born to Viral and Masti, a pair of asiatic lions at Rajkot zoo, in February 2008.While the cub was born to Moj and Arjun, another pair of Asiatic lions at Rajkot zoo in October 2011. CZA has given six months to complete the exchange of animals. While Hir will be brought in first, the cub will be brought in only after he is weaned to nourishment other than his mother's milk.While cub is too little right now, Hir is a fertile female as she gave birth to three cubs during her stay in Rajkot zoo. Hir and the cub will be kept separately at Lucknow zoo. Rajkot zoo will be getting ghariyals, hyenas, palm cevit cats, pelicans and several types of pheasants from Lucknow zoo in exchange of lions. When the lions of pure bloodline breed, they give birth to cubs of pure bloodline.A four-year-old lioness, Hir, and a year-old lion cub will soon be part of Lucknow zoo's extended family. Hir was born to Viral and Masti, a pair of asiatic lions at Rajkot zoo, in February 2008. While the cub was born to Moj and Arjun, another pair of Asiatic lions at Rajkot zoo in October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553430", "title": "Brother-in-law held for murder", "text": "New Delhi: A man stabbed to death his 27-year-old sister-in-law as he believed she had an evil influence in the house and was a constant obstacle in his finding a job.The incident occurred around 5.30 pm on Friday at Sector 7, R K Puram. The accused has been identified as Ravindra (25) and the victim as Mohini.Police said Mohini was married to Ravindra's brother, Rakesh, more than six years ago. While Rakesh is employed in a private firm at Gurgaon, his father works as a section officer in the Central government.\"Ravindra had completed his graduation from Delhi University , but wasn't able tofind a job. For this reason, he was often rebuked at home. Mohini \u2014 mother of a five-year-old boy and one-and-a-half year old girl \u2014 went to the extent of calling him a bad influence over her children. It was under such circumstances that Ravindra began to believe that it was Rohini who had been practising sorcery, in turn hampering his professional growth,\" said a police officer.On Friday evening, Mohini was in the kitchen when Ravindra picked up a kitchen knife and attacked her from behind. Hearing her shrieks, Ravindra's sister Aanchal rushed to the kitchen. Seeing her come in, Ravindra put away the knife and ran away.Mohini was rushed to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead. Ravindra was arrested later.toireporter@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553773", "title": "Student polls may return to Jamia soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Millia Islamia is paving way for students' union elections after a gap of six years. According to the proposal, the university is making changes in the election process like - the departmental associations to elect the students' union in an indirect election, and the division of election process into two phases.Jamia had informed the Delhi high court in July that an experimental attempt could be made for holding student's union elections which were banned six years back. A 'committee of professors' looked into the matter of students' union elections and prepared a report which is now awaiting the approval of the executive council before being sent to the President of India - who is the visitor of the university for the final approval.\"A committee of senior professors prepared the report . The report has to be approved by the executive council as some changes are needed in the statutes. Thereafter, it will be sent to the President of India, who is the visitor, for his approval so that we can finally hold the elections,\" said the registrar of Jamia, S M Sajid.The report had recommended that the elections should be held in two phases. The first phase should be the elections of departmental associations, which are already in place. A major change recommended was the second and final phase of electing the university students' union via indirect elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15552140", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation photo contest to capture Nashik\u2019s beauty from varied angles", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has announced the dates for a photography competition to discover new tourist places in the Nashik division and have invited entries from September 1 to 15.The competition is to be held in the Nashik revenue division that includes five districts - Nashik, Ahmednagar, Jalgaon, Dhule and Nandurbar.Speaking to TOI, Pradnya Bade-Misal, Regional Manager, MTDC, Nashik division, said, \"Our goal is to promote tourism development in Nashik. There are several beautiful locations but tourists do not reach these places due to lack of information. Hence, we are planning to organise a photography competition for the purpose. The aim behind this is to recover new tourist locations not only in Nashik district, but across the division.Bade-Misal said that the contest would be held at the district level ande will be open to all. Based on the district's primary centres of attraction there are two themes outlines \u2014 places of nature and places of religious interest and up to five entries will be permitted.And there is prize money to be won in the competition. The first prize will include the cash of Rs 3,000, while the second and the third prizes will include Rs 2,000 and Rs. 1,000, respectively.\"Generally, most people also have the aesthetic sense to capture pictures at scenic beautiful locations. But the competition is different in that, in addition to taking the photographs, particiapants will also have to describe their subjects in 25 words,\" Bade-Misal added. The aim behind this exerciose is to help tourists get acquainted with the district various points of attraction including its trekking trails, dams and forts. A brochure featuring the winning photographs will soon be released by MTDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15551301", "title": "Won\u2019t allow ethnic violence, says Bimal Gurung", "text": "DARJEELING: Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) chief executive Bimal Gurung on Saturday assured immunity for the Hills people from the ethnic violence that unfolded in northeastern states, saying that he has written to the Union home minister seeking security for the Nepali community.\"The government will have to take responsibility if any untoward incident spreads in the Hills,\" he said.\"I will not tolerate any kind of insincerity and negligence from the GTA members,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15551176", "title": "Normalcy prevails in Kanpur", "text": "Kanpur: The city remained peaceful on Saturday after a violent protest against riots in Assam and Myanmar on Friday after Alvida prayers. Protesters indulged in violence in Cycle Market area in Yateemkhana, besides, Nai Sadak, Beconganj and Rajbi road.DIG Amitabh Yash said that no untoward incident was reported so far from anywhere. The markets remained open. There was normalcy in Cycle Market and Rajbi road areas. Shops remained open and markets witnessed huge festival rush.A case under Sections 147, 148, 336, 427, 504 and criminal law amendment act has been lodged with the Colonelganj police against 15 to 20 main accused, besides 200 others, the police said.\" RAF, PAC and the police are jointly patrolling the affected areas,\" DIG range Sunil Gupta said. A review meeting would be held soon to assess the situation and apprise the higher authorities.\"We are using local police intelligence to identify persons behind the Friday's violence, besides keeping a close watch on social networking sites. Around 7,000 phone numbers are put on surveillance. There are people, who are making efforts to ensure that normalcy is not restored. It is necessary to identify them,\" Yash said.The religious leaders have been asked to convince people not to pay heed to rumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552373", "title": "Man with 16 railway tickets grilled", "text": "BHOPAL: A 41-year-old man with Rs 1.18 lakh cash and 16 tickets for different destinations has been detained by the Government Railway Police (GRP) in Sagar districts, and is being grilled for his activities and credentials. Ashok (name changed) of Fatehpur district of UP was detained when he was waiting to board a train from Sagar Station on Friday night.In last one month, Ashok had visited Mumbai, Chennai, Nagpur among other places, GRP said.\"We are grilling him but he is appearing a hard nut to crack. Whatever question we are asking from him, he replies that \"God knows it\". We have sent a team to Fatehpur to known about him,\" Sagar GRP inspector L D Kashyap said. Fatehpur police have told us that he had been once arrested under arms act in 1997. He is the resident of Panna Mohalla, under that UP district's Kotwali police station area, GRP said.According to reports reaching the state capital, an auto-rickshaw driver tipped off the police about Ashok visiting some defense establishments of the Sagar district, having cantonment and headquarters of Mahar Regiment.However, Kashyap denied it saying that during checking they picked up Ashok. Meanwhile, intelligence units of different departments have swung into action to get the suspect's dossier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15545800", "title": "Model Gehana \r Vashisht arrested by Pune Police", "text": "Controversial model Gehana Vashisht was arrested today morning by the Pune police from her residence at Oshiwara near Lokhandwala in suburban Mumbai and taken to the Deccan Gymkhana Police Station where an FIR has been registered against her for insulting the national flag under the National Flag Act.\"The Deccan Gymkhana police will produce her in a local magistrate's court for remand on Sunday morning before the holiday court,\" said Senior Inspector in of Deccan Gymkhana police station Manohar Joshi .It is not sure if the offences or sections applied are bailable at the time of filing this report and there is a possiblility that Gehana Vashisht may have to spend at least 3 days in police custody as Sunday and Monday are public holidays.The Deccan Gymkhana - Pune city police had procured a warrant for the arrest of Gehana Vashisht, after the latter absconded and did not report to the police station in spite of summons being issued to her for her appearance.A political outfit had filed a complaint against Gehana Vashisht for insulting the National Flag and National Honor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15551299", "title": "Uneasy calm prevails in old Allahabad areas", "text": "Allahabad: An uneasy calm prevailed in Chowk on Saturday in the aftermath of violence which erupted in Johnstongunj, Khuldabad and other localities on Friday.The arson which started after a procession which was taken out from Kareli area in protest against the attack on members of the minority community in Assam and Myanmar turned violent with a section of protestors damaging vehicles and roadside shops.Shopkeepers downed their shutters in Chowk locality on Saturday in protest against the violence and demanded adequate security from the district administration and police.A large posse of police and PAC personnel maintained a tight vigil in the area where pieces of broken glass and stones strewn all over the place bore mute testimony to the arson which broke out 24 hours ago.Mounted police and PAC personnel conducted patrolling in sensitive areas under Kotwali police station and dispersed groups which gathered at several places.Members of Prayag Vyapar Mandal led by the president, Omkar Nath Khanna and other office bearers toured the areas affected by violence and listened to the grievance of people who faced the brunt of Friday's violence.However, they were greeted by violent protests as shopkeepers refused to heed to their request for opening their shops and downed their shutters. The agitated crowd also roughed up Khanna and others forcing them to leave the spot.On the other hand, district officials including the district magistrate (DM) and SSP, along with others conducted a flag march in old city areas to instill confidence among the public.SP (City)old TOI: \"The situation is fully under control and we have taken measures to see that any untoward incident does not take place. Adequate police force has been stationed at all sensitive spots and trouble makers would be strictly dealt with by the police.\"Meanwhile, in protest against Friday incident, office bearers and members of Vishwa Hindu Parishad took out a march from the regional office at Panna Lal Road and marched upto the Fire Brigade crossing. However, they were stopped from entering the Chowk area.The protestors raised slogans against the state government and demanded security for local traders and compensation for victims of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554517", "title": "Vetri Maaran, Siddharth team up again?", "text": "That director Vetri Maaran is a dedicated filmmaker is known, and the several awards he has won stand testimony to the same. But looks like he is as thorough when it comes to the films that he is producing as well.The Aadukalam director is in Bangalore to lend support to his associate Manigandan, who is directing his debut venture under his banner. He says, \"The film, starring Siddharth in the lead, has come out very well. Manigandan is doing a great job.\"Quiz him if he's signed on Siddharth for another film, and he says, \"We are still in talks, and if the script falls in place, we will be glad to rope him in.\"Vetri Maaran, meanwhile, is busy working on the pre-production for his next film, which will star Dhanush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552180", "title": "TT tourney begins at Loyola school", "text": "Patna: \"A student can learn a lot from sports activities,\" said Rana Awadhesh Kumar, member (administration), Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB), while inaugurating the two-day 12th Brother John De Montfort Memorial Inter-School Table Tennis Tournament organized by Loyola High School (LHS) on its premises on Saturday.He said, \"In our times, more stress was on academics, but now sports activities are also being promoted. One imbibes many qualities though sports.\"The tournament is affiliated to Bihar Table Tennis Association and 84 students from 10 schools are participating in individual and team events. Brother Felix, principal, LHS, said, \"It is a prestigious tournament that has produced many national level players from Bihar. It is a good opportunity for students to display their skills.\"Br Felix remembered Br John De Montfort as, \"a good administrator and sportsperson.\" Floral tributes were paid to a photograph of Br Montfort on the occasion.The participants are divided into junior (for class 1 to class 8 students) and senior (class 9 to class 12 students) categories (girls and boys). The participating schools of Patna include St Karen's Secondary School, Carmel High School, Notre Dame Academy (NDA), St. Michael's High School, St Xavier's School, Holy Mission Secondary School, DAV Public School, BSEB, Mother's International Academy and the host school.Surabhi, Shreya and Ratna, Class 11 students of St. Michael's, said, \"We are quite hopeful of our win. In the girls category, we have been team champions for the last three years. We have put in a lot of hard work and practised after school hours.\"Suman Kumar, a student of DAV, BSEB, said, \"I have been a participant in the previous years too and have won the championship once. I have trained regularly for this event.\"Not only the students but the coaches too were excited about the competition. Nandu Singh Yadav, games teacher, NDA, said, \"The students practise regularly during games classes and a one-week camp was held for training too. Eight students from the NDA are participating in the event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15552576", "title": "Site testing for early start of Ludhiana metro", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After getting the feasibility study conducted by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation on viability of metro train in Ludhiana, Punjab government has now appointed DMRC as consultant to put the train on the tracks.The state government has appointed Ludhiana municipal commissioner R K Verma as the managing director to lead and manage the project till the bidding process is completed. Hectic efforts are on to complete the land survey in the city for purpose of acquisition for the metro project.Officials of the Union ministry of urban development are scheduled to have a meeting with Punjab government officers on August 22 at New Delhi and a feasibility report of the project will be submitted by the state government.To ensure that minimum property is affected during land acquisition for the project and to inspect the sites coming under the project, chief town planner M S Aujla visited Ludhiana on Saturday.Aujla said, \"I have inspected the marked sites for the proposed stations, including both elevated and underground parts. Certain verifications are still required at a few sites, such as the one near Badhowal dump.\" He said they will have to verify if the dump comes under the \"no construction area\".Officials of the Union ministry of urban development are scheduled to have a meeting with Punjab government officers on August 22 at New Delhi and a feasibility report of the project will be submitted by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15552102", "title": "Record 450 NE natives flee Nashik on Day 4 of exodus", "text": "NASHIK: Fear among the city's northeastern Indians continues to rise, with the fourth day recording 450 northeastern natives leaving the district since the mass exodus began. This has been the highest recorded figure during this period as crowds from across the district flocked to the railway station on Nashik Road.ABVP, RSS and BJP volunteers kept reassuring the fleeing crowd about the tight security arrangements and provided them with food packets at the railway station.The violence in Assam and the consequent riot in Mumbai last week has created waves of fear among northeastern Indians. Even as volunteers tried in vain to convince those leaving the migrants said they would return to the state at a later time.\"We are not under any threat or pressure to leave but are going back only because our families back home are worried and have asked us to return,\" said a migrant aboard the Mumbai-Guwahati Express.\"We have been meeting with migrant groups since August 15 to give them an assurance on their security and have now developed a good rapport with them. Most of them are employed at the Satpur and Ambad MIDC industrial areas, some are employed as security guards. There are few northeast students in Nashik,\" said Dr Prashant Toke, president of ABVP, Nashik.According to the railway police, on August 15-16 about 150 passengers left for Assam, on August 17, around 300 departed and on August 18 the number rose to 450, This includes those passengers who were already booked, waitlisted or were simply leaving without a reservation and had boarded the train.\"On the first day, our volunteers went to homes of some of the northeastern natives in the city to reassure them that all was well. We also gave their numbers to the police so that they could be assured of safety. We have been coming to the station everyday. On the first day, we got a phone call from Kanpur when a passenger called to inform us that they had reached Kanpur safely,\" said Toke. Out of fear and suspicion, many fleeing northeastern natives had deliberately given wrong telephone numbers to volunteers.\"But after being convinced of our intentions, one person called on Saturday and disclosed his real number. Some were even reluctant to accept our food packets. We have also given them the phone numbers of our volunteers, in case of an emergency,\" said Toke.Police inspector A N Maharshi said that nearly 200 people have been leaving for Assam daily.Another police inspector, Atul Kshirsagar and his staff, along with police sub-inspector Lalit Kumar of the Railway Police Force (RPF) and several other police officers were present during the bandobast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15555789", "title": "Lucknow to participate in 'Thumri' fest", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow will be one of the three 'gharanas' (schools) at the seventh edition of the three-day Thumri festival to be held from August 27-29 in the national capital. The other two gharanas are Benaras and Patiala.The festival organaised by the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) will host stalwarts like Girija Devi, Ajoy Chakraborty, Kaushiki Chakraborty and Purnima Chaudhuri. The programme will be held at the Kamani theatre.ICCR director general Suresh Goel said, the objective of the festival is to enhance awareness about the prominent Indian music tradition for the international community and music connoisseurs in Delhi.'' He added that the tradition which started in the capital travelled to Lucknow and from there to Benaras, Gaya and Kolkata - three major gharanas.Thumri is derived from the Hindi word \"thum\" representing the music from anklets and \"thumak\" - the graceful dance step. The language of the text is Braj bhasa. The genre peaked in the court of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah in the 19th century in Lucknow.The festival will bring old and young performers into one platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15551027", "title": "Hiring young analysts was tough, says Vyas", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based software company, Persistent Systems , played an important in the success of TV show Satyamev Jayate. The team at Nagpur was divided into two groups; analysts and engineers. Analysts go through feedbacks, either textual, audio or video messages, and filter them based on pre-decided parameters. Almost 50% of the initial responses were filtered out at 'Level 0' because of their generic nature. The team at Persistent was on the lookout for value addition, and at 'Level 1' the other 50% were pared down further. Finally, only about 0.1% of the initial responses reached 'Level 3' and were put online on %SJ's website. Shekhar Patankar, who lead the project, said, \"We also used to send three reports daily on viewer responses to producers and they were classified under various categories, such as positive or negative, some could be suggestions or complaints. The report gave an overall viewer feedback report, which was for the internal consumption of show producers.\" While technical hurdles are always there for the team, coordinator Kartik Vyas found himself up against a wall when asked to scout for young analysts. Vyas said, \"We wanted to involve college students in the project because of the wide usage of social media in viewers' response, and these kids are extremely comfortable in that medium. In April, I approached colleges to hire students but was not allowed to name the show. It was so difficult initially to describe the work profile and avoid multiple queries on the name of the show. Finally, the analysts' posts were filled up entirely by word of mouth publicity and we had 10 times more applicants than the seats available.\" Kumar Aditya heads the team of engineers overseeing the technical aspect of the project and says viewer responses came from all parts of the world. \"Almost 1.5 crore people from 166 countries have shared their views on the show, Rs9.8 crore has been collected in donations, proving its popularity. We had another team working from Pune and we hope that our bonus would be a meeting with Aamir Khan himself one day!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15551553", "title": "Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam (PDK) splits into two parties", "text": "COIMBATORE: The split within Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam (PDK), a splinter group of the Tamil nationalist outfit Dravidar Kazhagam (DK), was formalized on Saturday with supporters of senior leader K Ramakrishnan holding a parallel meeting in the city and announcing the formation of a new outfit named Thanthai Periyar Dravida Kazhagam.Meanwhile, PDK president, Kolathur Mani, told TOI that he and his followers have already decided to severe links with Ramakrishnan and work under a new organization named Dravida Viduthalai Kazhagam. A meeting of the party workers were held in Erode last Sunday and had decided on forming the new outfit, he said.The meeting convened by Ramakrishnan at S N Marriage Hall in Coimbatore on Saturday was attended by senior leaders Annur Jagadeesan, advocate K Duraisamy, Sirpi Rajan and Madurai Venmani. Annur Jagadeesan is the president of the new outfit and Ramakrishnan is the secretary.Kolathur Mani said the meeting in Erode was attended by 56 executive committee members of the outfit and they decided to function as an independent group. Mani will be president of the outfit while Viduthalai Rajendran was elected general secretary.According to sources in the rival groups, some disputes over obtaining bail for 24 activists, who were arrested in connection with the strike organized as part of Mullaperiyar dam water issue, led to the split in PDK. Differences came up between Mani and Ramakrishnan over using organization funds to obtain bail for the arrested. Another reason cited was the soft corner some senior leaders had for an upper caste man, who allegedly assaulted a lower caste youth. The leaders, instead of taking legal recourse, allegedly held a Kangaroo court to hush up the issue.\"I don't want to make any allegation against anybody. We just decided to work independently. 56 out of 82 executive members are with us,'' said Mani. Meanwhile, Ramakrishnan said his outfit will continue to address issues of inequality and try to provide maximum justice to suffering masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15552687", "title": "\u2018Virgin births\u2019 to become a reality soon?", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin research geneticist who pioneered a celebratory work on eccentric creatures capable of reproducing without sexual contact has claimed that humans too are on the course for sexless reproduction in future. Aarathi Prasad from Imperial College London suggests that humans could well be looking at a future where babies are born without any sperm donors, let alone contact between the sexes. Her book 'Like A Virgin' explores a fundamentally serious theme we human beings are in control of our own destiny and there is nothing sacred or special about life itself. This is so because we live in a world where science means we can manipulate everything , even the process of reproduction, the Daily Mail reported. The central tenet of Aarathi's story is that virgin births are now almost within the grasp of science. An artificial womb \u2014 a plastic container specially designed to hold fluids and bacteria found in natural wombs, has already been pioneered in Australia. Aarathi says it will one day be technically possible for a man to develop a child in one of these 'wombs' without the co-operation of any female partner. She points out that science has already developed artificial sperm. And that such sperm has produced offspring. How far behind can be the synthetic egg?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551162", "title": "College development fees to be levied by student numbers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The self-financed collages under Gujarat University (GU) will have to pay the development fee to the university on the basis of the number of students enrolled, indicated the authorities after syndicate meeting on Saturday. The committee been formed to look into the issue will soon submit the report, said the officials.According to GU authorities, so far the colleges had to pay Rs 3 lakh to Rs 10 lakh annually to the GU as development fund for the affiliation. \"There had been a representation of the colleges for some time that the development fee should not be fixed but should be based on the number of students enrolled. To look into the matter, we have formed a committee that will soon give its findings to Mukul Shah, the in-charge vice-chancellor of the varsity,\" said a syndicate member.The syndicate also approved of higher fund allocation to the colleges hosting youth festivals to encourage youth activities in Ahmedabad and rural areas. Officials said that formerly, the allocation for colleges in Ahmedabad was Rs 2.5 lakh which has now been increased to Rs 3.25 lakh whereas the colleges in rural areas will get 3.75 lakh instead of Rs 2.75 lakh.The syndicate also decided to take punitive action against colleges not depositing funds to the GU. \"The colleges take fees from the students under heads such as cultural activities and sports funds. The fees goes towards the university that provides the infrastructure for such activities. However, it has been found that many of the colleges have retained such funds. If they don't pay the dues by stipulated time, the enrolment forms of that college or institute will not be accepted for the academic year,\" said the GU officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552103", "title": "Kochi to get a bite of shawarma again", "text": "KOCHI: The long wait of Kochiites for shawarma has come to an end as hoteliers have decided to start the sale of this Arabian delicacy again. The food item that was popular among Kochiites fell from grace when a youth died in Thiruvananthapuram last month, allegedly after eating it.Most shawarma joints in the city downed shutters following a direction from the health and food safety department. The officials had asked hotels and restaurants not to sell shawarma as most of these eateries were preparing the Arabian delicacy under unhygienic conditions.The decision to restart the sale of shawarmas was taken after a meeting of the food safety officials and hotel owners on Saturday. Hotel owners agreed to comply with the food safety norms and cover shawarma machines on all three sides. \"Officials have given us the permission to sell this food item if it is prepared and sold under hygienic conditions,\" said MP Shiju, district president, Kerala hotel and restaurants association (KHRA).The association has also formed unit level squads to ensure that hotels and restaurants in the district are following the directives issued by the health and food safety departments. \"The squads will conduct regular checks to ensure sanitation in hotels and food outlets. Those establishments failing to follow the norms will be banned from the association for a certain period,\" Shiju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550829", "title": "Hyderabad to have 221 new traffic signals soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city will have 221 new traffic signals in the next one year as part of the Hyderabad Traffic Integrated Management System (HTRIMS) project.The state government entered into an agreement with Bharath Electronics Limited (BEL) to this effect on Saturday. Additional Commissioner of Police (Traffic) CV Anand said that presently 130 of the 168 signals were working and the remaining dysfunctional.\"The HTRIMS is going to cost Rs 66.5 crore, which the state government has already sanctioned. The agreement for HTRIMS was entered between GHMC, Hyderabad Traffic Police and BEL on Saturday.\"For the first time, 221 signal junctions will be automated and centrally controlled. Similarly, the Vehicle Actuated Technology Control with signal and corridor management is going to be implemented where in each road will have cameras to monitor traffic congestion density,'' Anand said.The first phase of the project would be completed before September 30 with 50 signals ready for use before the upcoming Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP-11) in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15552719", "title": "China warns Japan against island visit", "text": "BEIJING: China is uneasy about a move by Japanese politicians to visit a group of disputed islands under Japanese control on the East China Sea. Some 20 Japanese boats have set sail for the Senkaku ( Chinese: Diaoyu) islands expecting to reach early on Sunday.The Chinese foreign ministry on Saturday asked Tokyo to stop the politicians to visit the islands, which are claimed by both countries.Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said that any unilateral action taken by Japan on the Diaoyu Islands is illegal and invalid. Besides, it will not change the fact that the Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory, he said.Japan had arrested 14 Chinese activists for \"illegal entry\" into the islands on Wednesday. By Friday, Tokyo's resolve cracked under Chinese pressure, and it announced the release of the activists. Tokyo's decision to backtrack came in the midst of a new challenge thrown up by South Korea insisting on a parcel of the disputed islands . South Korean President Lee Myung Bak made an unprecedented trip to one of the disputed islands in East China Sea last week.Japan tried to resolve the problem suggesting that the two nations take the matter to the International Court of Justice. Seoul rejected the proposal saying it \"doesn't deserve even a passing notice\" because the isles belong to South Korea, anyway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15557225", "title": "Heart patients now has a reason to cheer", "text": "MUMBAI: Those staying in Navi Mumbai have a reason to cheer. Shushrusha heart care centre in Navi Mumbai is starting 'Healthy Heart for All', an initiative of India Medtronic Pvt. Ltd. Healthy heart for all provides the services of free heart checkups and different financing options for people below poverty line to make heart operations affordable to them.Patients from all over Navi Mumbai, Raigad, Thane and nearby places visit Shushrusha hospital to get their heart treatment done at affordable prices. Devices such as stents and pacemakers used for complicated heart surgeries are made available through loan system on easy EMIs. It is a life saving initiative for people who cannot afford very costly heart operations and lose their lives.Dr. Sanjay Tarlekar, Director Shushrusha hospital said, \"This initiative by Medtronic is a welcome relief for patients and hospitals alike. We are proud to tie up with 'Healthy Heart for All' and save lives of patients in critical situations. We are the first hospital in Navi Mumbai to provide this facility and I hope that it will be of great help to patients living here and in nearby districts. In the near future, we are planning to set up camps for heart consultation and to create more awareness about this initiative among people. I hope this goes a long way and more and more hospitals adopt this facility for the betterment of their patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15553296", "title": "Industry slams power tariff hike in Noida", "text": "Noida: In a further setback to industrialists already incurring losses and contemplating moving to Gujrat, the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) has announced that a hike in power tariff for the industrial and commercial areas in western UP is inevitable. A team led by UPERC chairman Rajesh Awasthi held a public hearing in Noida on Saturday to allow individuals, associations and others to put across their arguments. A 33% hike has been proposed.The chairman said the new rates would come into effect from October 1 and a formal announcement would be made by September 25. The proposal to increase tariff for commercial and industrial users has been met with stiff opposition from industrialists in Noida. The entrepreneurs and industrialists have exhorted the government not to revise tariff, as it would further hit industrial output. Industrialists have warned that increasing the burden on industries would not only discourage new investments, but also force the existing units to move out to states offering a more conducive environment.The UP government had in June proposed a 33% hike for commercial and industrial users. The power department had sent the proposal to the UPERC for approval, citing losses to the tune of Rs 25,000 crore and a hiatus of around three years since the tariff was last revised.Though the final decision would be taken only after a nod from UPERC, industrialists who anticipate increased production costs have demanded that the proposal be withdrawn. In a memorandum submitted to the UPERC chairman the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) said the power corporation should treat Noida differently. \"Noida is a separate profit centre, and therefore, it should have different tariff,\" said Vipin Malhan, president of NEA. \"The industry is already paying higher tariff than other categories of consumers and is also bearing the burden of cross-subsidy of other categories,\" Malhan said. He added that if hiking tariff was unavoidable, then it should be raised for all categories of consumers and not just for the industry.Several other entrepreneurs echoed these sentiments during the meeting, calling the steep hike in industrial tariff unjustified. \"At a time when industries in UP are going through a rough patch due to the absence of a conducive tax regime among other reasons, a hike would prove disastrous,\" said Sudhir Jain, another industrialist. \"Noida contributes a huge part of the revenue for UP and has taken the state to new heights. Instead of hiking tariff, the government should bring in new schemes to bolster industrial growth here,\" added Sushil Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552821", "title": "Scientists develop system to assess the well-being of coastal waters around us", "text": "Marine scientists have for the first time worked out a systematic way of scoring the health of the world's oceans, in an attempt to assess how well they are coping with the pressures of overfishing , pollution and anything else that affects the well-being of the sea.The overall global score for the Earth's coastal seas is 60 points out of a possible maximum of 100, showing there is still plenty of \"room for improvement\" , they concluded.Some areas with the lowest scores, such as the coastal waters off the troubled West African state of Sierra Leone, which scored 36, failed in almost every one of the 10 measures the scientists used to assess the health of the sea.They also found that the coastal waters off some developed countries with a high population density, such as Germany, fair almost as well as areas that are almost entirely devoid of human influences, such as the tiny uninhabited Jarvis Island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.Developed countries tended to score higher than developing nations because they usually have a good system of marine protection, such as vessels to stop illegal fishing.Jarvis Island, a protected territory of the United States, benefits from the marine protection of the US Fish and Wildlife Service, for instance, whereas other remote areas suffer from a lack of coastal protection, which lowered their health index scores significantly.The survey, carried out by 30 scientists and published in the journal Nature, found that only 5 per cent of countries scored higher than 70, whereas a third scored lower than 50. Britain scored 61, which was lower than America's 63 and Germany's 73.Dr Ben Halpern, a marine scientist at the US National Centre for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis in Santa Barbara , California , said that the ocean health index was a way of systematically assessing how well a coastal sea is doing so it can be monitored long term to see whether the region is getting worse or better over time.\"What the index does is help us separate our gut feelings about good and bad from the measurement of what's happening,\" Dr Halpern said. \"It provides a tool that puts meat on the metaphor of ocean health, which is bandied about all over the place but without anything to use to actually measure it.\"The scientists assessed each coastal region on the basis of 10 separate measures of ocean health and sustainability, such as water quality and biodiversity , but also on the sustainability and productivity of local maritime industries, such as fishing and tourism. Dr Halpern said the analysis of ocean health deliberately set out to include the need for humans to use the oceans for food, leisure or livelihood, rather than merely assessing a coast on the basis of how isolated it was from human interference.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552466", "title": "Anna University: No takers for 58,000 engg seats as counselling ends", "text": "CHENNAI: If there is a message in the 58,000-odd seats that have gone without takers at the end of the Anna University academic counselling sessions on Saturday it should be this: Students are vary of the newer colleges, and many of them opt for government seats than management seats.The number of vacant seats this time is 14,029 more than last year's. This is despite the number of students opting for engineering in the state going up by 15,000.Educational analysts say the numbers are glaring because 21 new colleges added 28,460 seats to the equation, but many of them were not preferred by students. There are 540 engineering colleges in the state.The number of government quota seats allotted in engineering colleges including vocational courses stood at 1,24,430, and 1,20,712 for engineering courses. With the total number of seats available this year being 1,82,459, the vacant seats stood at 58,029.Though the number of vacancies has increased, the allotment numbers show a positive sign. \"When more than 28,000 seats were added, vacancies were bound to increase. But the fact that people opting for engineering seats went up by 15,000 means the field is in demand,\" said Rhymend Uthiaraj, secretary of Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions (TNEA). Last year, of the 1,54,00 seats available, 1,10,000 were allotted. Like last year, colleges ended up surrendering more than 20,000 management seats to the government quota, he said. The number of vacancies in management quota seats is likely to be known only after a week.The end of the academic counselling will be followed by counselling for vocational courses, supplementary exam students and SC Arundhathiyar students. \"The special last leg of counselling ends on August 22. We expect around 2,500 seats to be allotted during that period,\" said Uthariaraj.Educationists say this year's counselling has given a clear message to upcoming colleges that unless they concentrate on quality of education and placements, their survival would be difficult. \"Students made thorough inquiries, ranging from faculty and facilities to placements and guidance,\" says educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi. Similar to previous years, students continued to prefer well-known colleges in Chennai and Coimbatore. \"While their preference to the older well-established colleges was understandable for placements, they continue to believe that city colleges will give them a better exposure, which is wrong,\" says Gandhi. He says there are colleges outside cities which have excellent faculty and infrastructure.Increase in demand for civil and electrical and electronics engineering has also been a revelation this year, say educationists. \"When it came to tier 2 and tier 3 colleges, civic and EEE seats were filled even before mechanical seats were taken,\" says Gandhi. Besides the top college, aeronautical engineering and biotechnology seem to have lost favour with the students. Marine engineering seats offered by four colleges have all been taken, and surprisingly this year the number of girls opting for mechanical engineering has seen a nominal increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15558036", "title": "Maharashtra initiates livestock survey", "text": "PUNE: The state government has decided to undertake livestock census starting from September 15, this year. The census is aimed at identifying current livestock and its productivity, said a senior official from the state animal husbandry department.The census will report about cows, buffalo, goats, sheep, horses, mules, donkeys, pigs, dogs, rabbits, hens and other birds having commercial use for meat. Along with it, the equipment used for milking, fodder cutting, milk storage and processing will be a part of the same report. The information is sought to find out potential of live stock product processing in the rural areas, said the official.The census is part of national initiative where every state is supposed to conduct census and report to the union government. It is to be conducted between September 15 and October 15. The government has appointed surveyors to document the information from rural parts.When asked about the remote rural parts of the state, the officer said, \"\"The regions are divided in two sections. Most of the taluka places are comparatively well developed; hence target of the surveyor in such places is gathering information from 1,500 homes. The target for remote areas and hamlets located in mountains is 750 to 1,000 homes.\"\" The surveyors working in urban or semi-urban areas will paid Rs 6.15 per home, while surveyors in rural areas will be paid Rs 7.50 per home. The surveyors working in remote and mountains will get Rs 9 per home, said the official.The surveyors comprise government officials, private veterinary practitioners and unemployed youths as per the requirements. The government has already completed training of the participants in the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15558416", "title": "Madras high court comes to rescue of Muslim girl", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench of the Madras high court has ruled that a young Muslim girl cannot be branded by the Jamath as an 'illegitimate' child because her father had married two sisters one after the other despite a specific prohibition under the Mohammedan law.The specific prohibition under the Mohammedan law permits marrying another woman only after 'talaq'.Dismissing a civil revision petition filed by the Nagercoil Jamath president, Justice S Palanivelu said the act committed by the girl's father was a curable irregularity and, therefore, the children born out of such a marriage could not be called 'illegitimate'.A Sohail Ahmed (name changed) was a member of the Mahan Tulkasha Olliyullah Darga Vadaseri Kuthba Pallivasal at Nagercoil in Kanyakumari district.He married two sisters and lived with both of them. He had five children from the first wife and two daughters from her sister.In 1997, he filed a civil suit before the Principal Munsif Court at Nagercoil challenging his extermination from the Jamath. Even as the case was pending, a compromise was reached between him and the new office bearers of the Jamath in May 2006.In February this year, he applied for a No Objection Certificate from the Jamath to give the girl born out of his second marriage to a groom based in Chennai. But the Jamath's president refused to issue the NOC, a pre-requisite for conducting Muslim marriages.The judge directed the Jamath to issue a NOC forthwith to Ahmed so that he could conduct her marriage without any hitch in the lawful capacity of being her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15550783", "title": "Bhupathi, Bopanna get Davis Cup axe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangalore duo Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna were dropped from India's Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Group I relegation tie against New Zealand to be played in Chandigarh from September 14 to 16 on disciplinary grounds - for asking to go to the London Olympics as a team and refusing to play with Leander Paes .With the 39-year-old Paes and singles exponent Somdev Devvarman making themselves unavailable for the tie, AITA had little choice, but to go for a new-look squad led by young gun Yuki Bhambri, ranked 191. The other members of the team are: Vishnu Vardhan (285), Saketh Myneni (387), Sriram Balaji (390), Sanam Singh (415) and Divij Sharan (1310). The squad will be pruned to four before September 2, when the International Tennis Federation will be notified about the selection.The opposition in the relegation tie will hardly qualify as mighty even for this depleted Indian outfit as the highest ranked player among the Kiwis is Jose Statham at 324 and Daniel King Turner follows at 386. The 20-year-old Bhambri, the former world junior No.1, who AITA conveniently overlooked for the Olympics, has it in him to pull off the tie on his own. Vishnu should provide good support.Paes chose to make himself unavailable for Davis Cup play as he was caught up with the World Team Tennis competition in the United States . Somdev, on the other hand, said he wasn't fit enough for Davis Cup commitment at the moment which would require him to play two five-set singles matches in three days.Bharat Oza, AITA secretary general, said, \"As per the executive committee meeting on July 1, we got the direction that there should be a code of conduct for the players, who refuse to play (as selected by AITA). We had this selection problem before the Olympics, so Rohan Bopanna and Mahesh Bhupathi were not considered.\"Whatever shape the team finally takes, come September, India will go into a Davis Cup engagement for the first time in 17 years without Paes or Bhupathi. Both have skipped ties from time to time for various reasons, but not once have India played sans both of them since Bhupathi made his debut in 1995, against Croatia in New Delhi.Paes chose to make himself unavailable for Davis Cup play as he was caught up with the World Team Tennis competition and Somdev said he wasn't fit enough for the clashesProbables: Yuki Bhambri, Vishnu Vardhan, Saketh Myneni, Sriram Balaji, Sanam Singh and Divij Sharan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551741", "title": "Over 2,000 litres oil spills in Chaksu", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another apparent bid of crude oil theft, the pipeline of Indian Oil Corporation Limited passing through Veer Bhagwanpura village in Jaipur rural's Chaksu area was found damaged on Saturday. About 2,000 litres of oil spilled out, creating panic among local residents, police said.An FIR has been registered at the Chaksu police station against unidentified thieves.The incident has once again exposed the vulnerability of the pipelines passing through Jamdoli, Bassi, Chaksu and other areas on the city's outskirts for lack of security arrangements on part of the oil company authorities. Sources said a theft bid had taken place at the same spot one and a half months ago as well, however, nothing was done to prevent such incidents.According to Chaksu ACP Shilpa Choudhary, some villagers grazing goats spotted oil spilling out of the pipeline around 3pm. \"We immediately informed the senior IOC officers following which the spill was controlled in about half an hour,\" SHO, Chaksu, Raghuveer Singh, said. \"The company officials had put a valve at that spot; however, it failed to deter the thieves. The security guards have been deployed for checking the pipeline on a daily basis. We have launched an investigation to know where the security personnel were when the spill occurred,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15552186", "title": "Project NE feats, Sarkar to lensmen", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar has suggested to photojournalists to exhibit the gradual development of the northeast in general and Tripura in particular over the past decade through their work.While opening a five-day solo photo exhibition on fossils by well-known photojournalist Bapi Roy Choudhury at an art gallery in Agartala City Centre on Friday, Sarkar pointed out that the region has witnessed a lot of change in infrastructure development, but unless the entire journey is captured via photography, the future generation will only read it in history. They will not be able to visualize the changes which may result in a gap in understanding the present administration.\"Photographs are not only representative of history also help understanding the issue in a comprehensive manner and I encourage photojournalists who see things differently through their lens to showcase the development in the region,\" Sarkar stated.Organizer Roy Choudhury, meanwhile, urged the state government to sponsor such events to exhibit the tourism potential and historical milieu of the state in all metros of the country as this would help strengthen the economy of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557776", "title": "'We are worried about our relatives'", "text": "MC Mary Kom, the boxer who has had the whole country celebrating her Olympics performance, is upset with the news of the exodus of North Easterners from the rest of the country. Her husband, K Onler Kom, says the Olympian couldn't even sleep on Thursday night because she was worried about her relatives in Bangalore.Says Onler from Delhi, \"On one hand, the country is celebrating Mary's medal. On the other hand, we are so worried about the fate of our relatives in various parts of the country. People might think that Mary, being a boxer, is a tough person, but she has a soft heart. She couldn't sleep the whole of Thursday night. We watched the late night edition of the news and tried calling up our relatives. On Friday morning, she was off to meet politicians. Deep down, Mary is sad.\"The infighting, says Onler, has to stop. \"My father was killed in Manipur. There is so much of violence in the state. People who incite violence have to be made to understand that what they are doing is incorrect. If we can't stop these incidents of violence in the state, how can we point fingers at others?\" he asks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15556581", "title": "SMC begins exercise for construction of 6000 EWS houses", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has initiated the process by floating tenders for the construction of 6,622 Economically weaker Section (EWS) houses in different parts of the city under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).\" We plan to complete the target in two years time as we have an extension of the same period from JNNURM .\" said Jatin Shah, city Engineer SMC.This is an exercise under which SMC made plans to build 46,856 EWS houses and relocate more than 2.5 lakh urban poor people living in slums of the city to make city slum free city.It has already constructed 34,222 homes in Kosad, Bhestan and Adajan areas of the city and 26,404 quarters are already allocated and people have been shifted from slums located in different parts of the city .SMC was sanctioned the sum of Rs 618.45 crore under the scheme and it has already spent Rs 539.85 crore of the total amount . According to an estimate , Surat city has more than 1 lakh slum dwellers living in slums located in different parts of the city .Nearly 60 per cent of these slums were or are located on Government land . SMC started an exercise to relocate these slum dwellers to EWS houses in 2010 and cleared the major portion of illegal encroachments on the bank of the Tapi river in last two years. \"We will clear all the slums located on Government or SMC land in coming two years.\" said Shah. However the issue of slum located on private properties will still haunt the city administration as it wants to make city a slum free city in two years time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550847", "title": "Three hit by train near Mahim die", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons, Rohit Neverekar (20), Barkat Ali Sayyed, (18) and Salman Ayub Shaikh (32), were killed after being knocked down by a long-distance train near Mahim around 10pm. The victims were rushed to Sion hospital, where doctors declared them dead before admission.According to the GRP, the stretch between Mahim and Matunga stations has become a killer spot because of frequent accidents. Eighteen persons have been killed and 19 injured since January this year after being hit by a train on this stretch. Shivaji Shinde, senior inspector, Mumbai Central GRP, said, \"People staying in slum pockets often cross the tracks here. We have undertaken awareness campaign by roping in mohalla committees. Yet, trespassing on the tracks continues unabated.\"Sharat Chandrayan, chief public relations officer of WR, said, \"We have provided foot-overbridges and constructed a boundary wall to discourage trespassing. However, if the need arises, we can consider deploying Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel on this stretch to curb trespassing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555128", "title": "Revanth to debut in Intintaa Annamayya", "text": "Revanth, son of producer Yalamanchali Saibaba, is all set to make his Tollywood debut in Darsakendra K Raghavendra Rao's musical film Intinta Annamayya. Sai Baba will be launching his son in his second project after his mainden venture Sri Ramarajyam, (starring Balakrishna) directed by Bapu was successful at the box office.The producer this time has teamed up with veteran director K Raghavendra Rao for a musical film to introduce his son. Intintaa Annamayya movie will be launched on the auspicious Dussera and Sai Baba is already making arrangements for the same. The film has two heroines and Ananya (of Journey fame) has been finalized for one of the roles.On the other hand, Raghavendra Rao has just wrapped up the shooting of Nagarjuna-starrer Shirdi Sai and would now wield the mega phone for Revanth's debut project. Intintaa Annamayya will be about how a youngster customizes Annamayya songs to suit the contemporary context. M M Keeravani is providing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15551394", "title": "Political parties and social groups issue appeal for peace", "text": "Allahabad: There were mixed reactions from political parties and social organisations in the aftermath of Friday violence in the old city.Issuing an appeal to the people of the city for preserving the Gangi Jamuni tehzeeb, UP Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi urged the public to maintain restraint and usher peace. The city has always occupied a special place on the cultural map of the country with its spirit to unite people from all sections of society under a single umbrella, she said. She added that efforts should be made by prominent persons from both the communities to calm down tension and normalise atmosphere in the city.Communist Party of India (M-L) secretary Ashish Mittal appealed to people not to fall prey to communal forces and to maintain harmony in the aftermath of Friday's rally which was an outburst against the attacks in Assam and Myanmar. It should not be allowed to degenerate into a clash of communal forces on both sides in the city. However, it is a welcome sign that large sections of people from both the commmunities have been making strong efforts to normalise the situation.Bharatiya Janata Party leader Yogesh Shukla while condemning the incident demanded action against officials responsible for the lapse. He urged the state government to identify the trouble makers and arrest them under National Security Act ( NSA ) and demanded compensation for local traders who suffered losses in the wake of arson.Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha leader Shahshank Shekhar Pandey slammed the state government for failing to control Friday violence.Patron, Veer Senani Poorva Sainik Kalyan Samiti, Shyam Sundar Singh Patel said there are around 35,000 ex-servicemen in the city who are ready to lend their services to the district authorities in maintaining peace in the areas hit by violence.8He added that there is a deliberate effort by some anti-social elements to disturb the peace and communal harmony of the city which has always been known for its Gangi Jamuni tehzeeb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15557978", "title": "Pune balwadis to get play equipment and daily snacks for students", "text": "PUNE: The balwadis or kindergartens run by Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) are soon expected to get play equipment and daily snacks for their students.The standing committee of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) has approved a resolution to provide play equipment to the balwadis run by the civic body in the city.Chandrakanta Sonkamble, Republican Party of India(Athavale group) corporator and member of standing committee said that the balwadis operate from the municipal schools in the city. The civic body gives mid-day meals only to the students of primary schools. The little children of the balwadis feel bad that they are given the snacks under the mid-day meal scheme while the older children of primary schools get it.She added, \"The aim of providing mid-day meals is to increase attendance of students in schools so the balwadi students must also be given mid-day meals to motivate them to attend the balwadis. The balwadis must also have good play equipment like those in the private play schools to attract the children and motivate them to attend the balwadis. For this reason, I placed suggested a proposal to provide play equipment and daily snacks under mid-day meal scheme for their students''.Ulhas Jagtap, social development officer, urban community development scheme department, PCMC said, \"The women and child welfare department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) has sought details from the municipal school board of the students in the balwadis run by it in the city so that it can plan for giving daily snacks to the students and provide play equipment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551196", "title": "Woman\u2019s nude body found in Santa Cruz", "text": "MUMBAI: The naked body of a woman with her throat slit was found near a nullah in Santa Cruz (W) on Saturday.This is the fourth time in the last three weeks that the body of a woman with the throat slit open or bearing strangulation marks has been found. Police are probing if there's a connection between the cases.Around 7am, a local noticed the body and informed the police. The victim is believed to be in her 30s.A case of murder has been registered by the Santa Cruz police against unknown person/s. The cops are trying to establish the woman's identity.According to the police, the body was not decomposed and the victim might have been killed elsewhere before her body was dumped near the nullah. There were injury marks on the victim's body and face, indicating that she was assaulted before being killed.Senior inspector Arun Chavan rubbished the serial killer rumour. He said, \"In the previous cases, the women were either strangulated or their throats were slit. However, after examining the accused's modus operandi, we found there were no similarities.\"On August 3, a woman's body was found near Mira Road station with a slit on her throat. On August 9, a woman's body was found in Malad. The victim was strangulated to death. On August 17, a woman's body was found in Malwani. Her head was found elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551444", "title": "Record bid for Rajarhat plot", "text": "KOLKATA: Rajarhat New Town seems to be on top of the list for investors. In the highest ever land auction in the area so far, a 2.5-acre plot for a retail-cum-office complex has fetched Rs 51.13 crore for the Housing Infrastructure and Development Corporation (Hidco). The land, priced at more than Rs 20 crore per acre or Rs 34 lakh per cottah, has broken all land sale records in Rajarhat New Town.The 2.5-acre plot at Action Area II of New Town is located beside the major arterial road and is meant for a retail cum office complex. Hidco, which is conducting the bidding process, had kept last Friday as the final day for submission of bids. \"This is the highest ever price a plot of land in Rajarhat has fetched in terms of per acre price,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen.Selling these plots in Rajarhat New Town has proved to be quite lucrative for Hidco. Recently, the authorities put nine small plots, ranging between 20 cottah and 2 acres, in the area for sale through conventional bidding and auctioning, Of the nine, seven plots were sold for a whopping Rs 58.5 crore. The deadline for receiving bid applications for the two remaining plots was also extended.Officials said it was quite encouraging to find that investors were showing interest in putting money on land in Rajarhat.Hidco has also decided to sell all plots in Rajarhat through commercial bidding from now on. At present, commercial plots in Rajarhat New Town cost about Rs 10 crore per acre.The authorities are also exploring land sale options through e-auctioning. In the first such land sold via e-auction, a 2-acre plot in the township fetched Rs 10.10 crore for setting up a high school. Officials said that many of such plots will be sold through e-auction which will help to bring in more transparency in the entire process.This is, however, not the first time that land sale records have been broken. In 2005, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) had sold a 6.2-acre plot along EM Bypass to a Dubai-based real estate major for a whopping Rs 209 crore. The land, which fetched a price Rs 33 crore per acre, was bought for setting up a five-star hotel project.In 2007, another record was made when the Kolkata Municipal Corporation sold a 5-acre plot opposite Science City for Rs 176 crore or Rs 35 crore an acre.However, the state of investments in Bengal has undergone a change. While in mid0-2000 the state was going through a real estate boom, the situation is a little grim now.With the demand for plots in New Town on the rise and most of them fetching a lump sum amount, the investment scenario in the state is definitely looking up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15553158", "title": "Shamiana specially screens short films for school children", "text": "VADODARA: About 1,000 children from different schools of the city recently viewed short films made on the theme of Independence Day and freedom. The children aged between 10 and 16 years saw eight short films made by some local directors. The film screening was organized by Shamiana - a short film club that brings in local as well as international short films in the city regularly.The films were screened for free to motivate children and also spread awareness about different hues of freedom in the world. The audience also included children from under-privileged families. \"We had chosen independence and freedom as a theme as we celebrated our I-day recently. The idea was to give them something to think about. We didn't want to preach them about our independence and freedom fighters as they already get lessons in school,\" Apsara Iyenger of Shamiana said.About 800 children from four schools including Don Bosco, Auxillium, St Kabir and Navrachna International were shown the films. \"It was for the first time that Shamiana screened short films, especially for the children. We wanted to reach out to all classes of schoolchildren and entertain them as well,\" Apsara told TOI.After the short films were screened, a short talk was also organized wherein the school children were asked what they thought about freedom and non-violence. The children came up with interesting answers and put forward their views on the themes.The club had also organized a similar short film screening at Faculty of Fine Arts on the I-day where about 150 children came in. \"We showed a short film on Mahatma Gandhi that has made it to the Berlin short film festival and the kids loved it. We will be organizing more such film festivals in coming months,\" Apsara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15552517", "title": "Indian Dental Association to hold screening camp", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Malabar branch of the Indian Dental Association (IDA) will hold a screening camp on August 26 to identify the beneficiaries of Prathyasha 2012, the annual free complete denture distribution programme.In a press release issued here on Saturday, IDA secretary Dr Shyamkishore said free dentures manufactured by the members of the IDA will be given to selected patients under BPL category, in October. The screening camp would be held at the office of the IDA at Ashokapuram and people are asked to bring the original and copies of the voters' ID card and ration card and two passport size photos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552545", "title": "Bhopal likely to get more rains", "text": "BHOPAL: Overcast conditions over the city failed to convert into downpour on Saturday. However, low-pressure area formed over the northwest bay of Orissa coast, currently triggering rains in east MP, is expected to cover Bhopal and adjoining areas as well.The city recorded a total of 35.5 mm rain in past 24 hours till 8 am on Saturday. But there was no rainfall in the city during the daytime.The officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said the city would get good rainfall if the system in question does not divert towards Uttar Pradesh. The picture would get clear in a day or two, the officials added.The overcast conditions brought down temperatures to normal mark. The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 28.2 (-1) degrees Celsius against a minimum of 22.6 (00) degrees C.The conditions are set to remain for a few days. The weatherman forecasts a possibility of rain and thundershowers for Bhopal, adding that the intensity of showers would increase as the low-pressure area advances further in two to three days, the officials added.Current water level / Full tank levelUpper Lake: 1,665.50 ft / 1,666.80 ftKolar: 455.05 mtr / 462.3 mtr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15552857", "title": "Boy ranks 2nd in Jharkhand boards after re-evaluation", "text": "BOKARO: For Bokaro Public School student Alok Abhishekh, applying for the re-evaluation of his Class XII examinations conducted by the CBSE has proved a worthy exercise. The re-evaluation not only helped Abhishekh improve his marks but also lifted him to the second position in science stream in Jharkhand.Abhishekh, who was at 77.6% earlier, now has 97.4% after the revaluation. Bokaro Public School organized a grand function to felicitate Abhishekh for his achievement, which remained unnoticed due to the anomaly in the results declared by CBSE a couple of months ago. However, for many people it was hard to believe that such a blunder could have occurred in the CBSE results.By getting his marks increased, Abhishekh has created awareness among students who get depressed with low marks and don't apply for re-evaluation. In Abhishekh's case, his teachers and the principal, who believed in his potential, motivated him to apply for re-evaluation.Abhishekh said that there was an error in the mathematics paper in which he was initially given only 52 marks. On re-evaluation it was found that Abhishekh had 98 marks, which increased his overall percentage. \"It was shocking for me to see that I got only 52 marks in maths. I have always done well in maths. I am happy that CBSE has made the correction,\" he said. Abhishekh is studying computer science in Bengal Engineering College, Durgapur. He wants to become a computer engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15553441", "title": "Northeast people in Belgaum feel safe", "text": "BELGAUM: The life of people from northeast residing in Belgaum district has been normal with police identifying their locations ensuring security to them. Belgaum city has hundreds of NE people, most of them students and workers at Chinese hotels. The police department has collected information about NE students from all educational institutions and held discussions with regard to their safety. NE people have expressed that they are safe here.Police have deployed adequate security personnel in places where they are living. Police officials said that no one has left Belgaum. They have also called upon NE people not to panic, and assured them help, if need be. In case of threat or harassment, NE people can immediately complain to the nearest police station. Taking the issue seriously, Belgaum police have been providing safety to NE people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552392", "title": "Woman throws kids, jumps into Narmada", "text": "BHOPAL: An unidentified woman on Saturday threw her two kids in the swollen Narmada river from a bridge and minutes later jumped into the water at new Bhedaghat area, some 30 km away from Jabalpur district headquarters.People around the ghat passed on the information to the police who were carrying out the exercise to identify the woman in 30s. No one has lodged a complaint of missing report with us so far, police said.The divers have been called to look for women and two kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15558164", "title": "India is a familiar place for lot of us, says Ross Taylor", "text": "HYDERABAD: New Zealand captain Ross Taylor is banking on the \"familiarity\" factor to challenge the Indians in the upcoming two-match Test series, starting on Thursday.A lot of Kiwi players are familiar with the conditions here as they have played in the Indian Premier League, and Taylor said they needed to work out a specific strategy in the run-up to the first Test.\"We know we have lot of work to do in next two-three days to make sure we are prepared for the challenge ahead,\" Taylor said.\"We would certainly like to put some good plans in place and be positive about the way we look to play. India is a familiar place for (a) lot of us. We have played well here and are looking forward to the contest,\" he added.During their last trip to India, in 2010, the Black Caps had drawn two Test matches, and Taylor hoped his team will play equally well this time too.\"We hadn't had bad memories the last time we played here. Brendon (McCullum) got 225. We had our opportunities but Harbhajan batted well and took the game away from us. However, it is a different time of the year, and hopefully, we will continue to play well,\" the 28-year-old said.Taylor knows it's tough to tame the Indians here but hoped to put the hosts under pressure.\"It is a good place to play. India is always tough in their home conditions. Whether they play north or down south they play very well,\" Taylor said.\"They have a few spinners in their side and we don't play lot of spinners back home. It will be a good challenge and we are looking forward to put India under pressure.\"We should be careful about the reverse swing and the spinners. We have to learn quickly through the series,\" he Taylor added.Talking about the team composition, Taylor said: \"We are going to lose a bit from (Daniel) Vettori. A player of his stature with more than 100 Tests to his credit ... but it gives an opportunity to Jeetan Patel and debutant Tarun Nethula.\"Martin Guptil and Brendon will open the innings. Brendon batted well here on previous occasion, and hopefully, he will continue in the same vein in the upcoming Tests,\" he said.Battling a lack of form himself, Taylor is also hoping to get back his touch during the series.\"I feel a big innings is due. Hopefully, I will get it in Hyderabad in the next few days. I have not been scoring in recent games which is a bit disappointing,\" he said.Mike Hesson, who succeeded John Wright as the Kiwi head coach, said it is a good opportunity for him as well to start with the series against India.\"It is a great opportunity to start afresh (after John Wright). We have a few changes to our side and we are looking forward to obviously put India under pressure,\" he said.\"The Hyderabad pitch does assist swing bowling and it has a bit of pace and bounce in it. In Bangalore there can be a lot of variety, but we are preparing to face both the conditions and play accordingly,\" added Hesson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15553123", "title": "Mustn't forget physios: Laxman", "text": "HYDERABAD: While announcing his retirement, VVS Laxman took special care to thank a number of people who were closely involved in making his career a success, including his parents.He also thanked his relatives, friends, coaches, Hyderabad Cricket Association and BCCI for helping him play so long for India.\"I thank my parents Dr V Shantaram and Dr V Satyabhama for the upbringing they gave me and for also giving me the freedom and independence to pursue my passion of playing cricket.\"My maternal uncle, Baba Krishna Mohan, who actually spotted talent in me and probably had the biggest influence in my life,\" he said.Laxman also thanked his wife Sailaja, who he said had made a lot of sacrifices to make sure he could always be on tour pursuing his passion.The Padma Shri awardee added: \"I thank all my coaches for various teams I represented at the domestic and national level for always encouraging and motivating me to become a consistent performer. I must not forget all the physios and trainers who worked hard to keep me fit.\"Laxman also remembered his teammates \"whom I played and shared the best moments of my life with.\"I was very fortunate to play with colleagues who took a lot of pride in theirs and the team's performance and most of them have become legends of the game. The affection, bonding and friendship they shared with me will be cherished by me for all my life.\"Lastly, Laxman took time to acknowledge his fans and well-wishers from India and the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15551636", "title": "Ajmer dargah upbeat over pre-Eid dole", "text": "AJMER: The donation promised to the dargah by Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari was finally given late on Friday evening here. Out of Rs 5,47,48,905 crore a big share of Rs 3 crore went to Sayeed Anjuman committee. As per the tradition, a big chunk, nearly 85%, went to the devotees' khadim. However, khadim Sayeed Iqbal Kaptan, who performed prayers and rituals for Zardari on his visit to the shrine will have to wait for his share. The committee has decided to call a meeting after Eid to decide Kaptan's share.\"The committee will decided about the matter but as such there is no issue and it is an internal matter,\" said Sayeed Waheed Angara, secretary of Anjuman.On Saturday, a day after the money was distributed, most of the Anjuman members were happy. \"Certainly a part of the money which a devotee gives goes to the khadim and the Anjuman will decide on this,\" said a committee member. Khadim Kaptan said that he was happy that the money promised by the Pakistani president had reached Ajmer.The dargah committee that too got a large share of Rs 1,47,48,905 crore has planned to use the money for the region's development. \"We have certain plans for the development of the dargah area and now we will give priority to that project,\" said Ilyas Kadari, member of dargah committee.The Anjuman Yadgaar is also happy as they have got an amount of Rs 1 crore. \"The money will remain with the organization and will be used for development and for helping devotees who come here,\" said a member of Yadgaar Anjuman committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557408", "title": "It is not fair to celebrate our success: Dandupalya director", "text": "Director Srinivasa Raju has pushed further his success meet, after the recent murders that allegedly were inspired by his filmOn Satuday, August 18, the Dandupalya team were to celebrate their 50-day successful run in the state. But, director Srinivasa Raju has decided that it isn't the right time for him and his team to celebrate, owing to the recent murders in the state that have been allegedly inspired by his film.\"I think it is not fair to celebrate the success of the team, since there have been many fingers that have been pointed towards us. With all the recent murders and headlines, I felt that it is only right that I push forward the success celebrations,\" says Raju.Five weeks after the release of Dandupalya, which itself has been based on a a serial killer gang, nearly half a dozen murders have been attributed to murderers who were inspired by watching the film. This has raised a lot of questions from media and social welfare groups, questioning the portrayal of such violence and gore on screen.Quiz Raju on whether he thinks this is just and he only says, \"People are blaming the film and there must be a reason behind this. I cannot comment much on this, but I respect the sentiments, which made us push further our event that was originally scheduled on Saturday.\"The cancellation of the success meet has also fuelled speculations on the sequel to Dandupalya being cancelled. But, Raju puts these speculations to rest by saying, \"The sequel is very much on. I have not finished narrating my story. My script is a four-hour long story, I've only narrated two hours of it. I'm in talks with artists for my sequel, there are no plans of dropping the sequel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552017", "title": "JUDA president still critical", "text": "INDORE: The condition of the president of Junior Doctors Association (JUDA) of the state-run Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), Dr Manish Karotia, who had attempted suicide on Wednesday, is still critical. Depressed, Karotia had attempted suicide after the engagement with his fiancee broke.Member of the association, MGM Medical College, Dr Manoj Gupta said, \"There is no improvement or deterioration in the condition of Manish. His stays as such,\" said Dr Gupta. \"We are hopeful and praying for his recovery,\" he added.Manish had attempted suicide in his room at medical college hostel reportedly after a break-up of his engagement. Police said, Manish, 30, was engaged to a Hyderabad-based girl a fortnight ago. The engagement broke up due to dispute between the two families. Depressed, the doctor decided to end his life by injecting himself with an overdose of anesthesia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15552032", "title": "It\u2019s a dog\u2019s life for police canine squad", "text": "KOLKATA: Riya, Soni and Laica are dog-tired, literally. Considered the best in the profession, the trio along with Kolkata Police's 10 other sniffer dogs are so overworked that there is real danger of they losing the ability to detect explosives.Not only is the squad's strength inadequate as vacancies have not been filled, the area of operation has doubled following addition of 17 more police station zones in September 2011. In place of 101 sq km, Kolkata Police now has to cover nearly 190 sq km.\"Of the 26 posts that are sanctioned, five are vacant. Five of the remaining 21 are under-age and hence, untrained and inexperienced. The remaining 13 are employed for sanitizing spots and buildings, both prior to a VIP visit or after a threat call and three are specialized for tracking narcotics, assist criminal investigations and rescue operations during disasters,\" a dog squad officer said.Though all threats turn out to be hoax, the dog squad has to be pressed into service in each and every case as police cannot take a chance. On an average, a dog has to do duty twice a day, travelling long distances. \"Each time a dog is called into action, it has to travel from the Alipore police training school to the spot. The average time spent per call is four hours. Hence, a dog spends eight hours on the job,\" a trainer said.The biggest problem that police are facing is that the dogs are missing out on the twice-a-day training at 6.30am-8.30am and 4pm-5.30pm. \"If they lose out on fitness regularly, they will not be able to detect the new types of explosives,\" a trainer said.The symptoms of fatigue are visible. Some dogs are running high temperature, others have lost appetite. Dogs are also failing to acknowledge and obey commands. \"Since dogs are a territorial animal, its fatigue increases whenever it is outside its known territory,\" the trainer explained. Also, carnivorous animals need to rest after meals. But rarely do they get the opportunity to laze around after meals.Surajit Basu, assistant director veterinary in the state animal resource husbandry department, said effort is on to modify the training hours. \"The dogs are undergoing routine health checkup and receiving adequate dietary supplements according to the reports,\" said Basu. Dog squad OC Pradip Kumar Pandey acknowledged the need to fill up the vacancy. \"There is need for satellite dog squads that can operate in a particular zone, thereby minimizing travel time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551089", "title": "RTO invites application for special, fancy numbers", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Regional Transport Office (RTO) has released a new series for registration of vehicles.The RTO has offered to allocate special and fancy numbers to the aspirants for which applications are invited, said the release issued by the office.The aspirants need to submit a form with their requirement on August 21 and 22 along with required documents such as identity proof and stamp paper.The office has started charging three times higher amount than the regular fee for registration. This has increased the RTO's income significantly.The numbers will be allocated on August 23 at the RTO office, with lottery system. This method is used to avoid any favouritism and reflect transparency in the functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553830", "title": "Cheque bouncing: Man sent to jail for 1 year", "text": "Gurgaon: A city court sentenced a man to one year in prison on charges of cheque bouncing. Pawan Kumar, a resident of Shakti Nagar had taken loan of Rs 12 lakh from his friend Phool Singh. When it came to returning the money, Kumar gave Singh a cheque.When Singh tried to encash the cheque, he failed to do so as Kumar's account didn't have sufficient balance. Even though Singh informed Kumar about the matter, he took no corrective measures and didn't make efforts to repay the loan.Fed up with his friend's indifference, Singh filed a complaint with the police against Kumar.On Saturday, he was presented at judicial magistrate Amit Grover' court, where he was sentenced to one-year imprisonment.The court also ordered him to pay the victim his Rs 12 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15552882", "title": "PM: Rising expectations give rise to negativism", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the country is facing a slowdown, its corporate czars are lambasting the government over policy paralysis and corruption charges are flying fast and thick. Reacting to such criticism, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh says the excessive pessimism and negativism stems from a \"revolution of rising expectations\".Speaking at the 50th annual convocation of the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay, Singh said, \"Hopes are high, but often not realized.\" Recalling his humble beginnings, he said, \"I studied in the light of a kerosene lamp in a dusty village that had no power, no school or college. There has been enormous improvement... The progress that has been registered has often fallen short of the expectations of our people.\"Stating this is not a gloomy end, but a patch, he said the fundamentals of the Indian economy were sound and with effort, it would be possible to go back to the pre-crisis annual growth rate of 8% to 9%. To the graduating class of 2012, he said, \"I am confident about the future of India. Because you are the future.\" The 50th batch of IIT-B had 2,006 graduating students; a total 180 PhD degrees were awarded, as compared to 179 last year, 55 medals were also awarded in various disciplines. An honorary doctorate degree was conferred on Azim Premji, chairman of Wipro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "15552483", "title": "Heroin worth 35 crore seized at international border", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The Border Security Force (BSF) claimed to have seized 7 kg of heroin and fake Indian currency of Rs 5.73 lakh from the International Border near Jagdish border outpost under Ferozepur sector on late Friday night. The seized contraband is valued at Rs 35 crore in the international market.While giving the information, P K Rathod, DIG, BSF said, a patrolling party of 143 batallion was on routine duty along the International Border, when they noticed some movement close to the barbed fencing.When challenged, the smugglers from across the border managed to escape before throwing a bag into the Indian territory. When opened, BSF found 7 kg of heroin (seven packets of I kg of heroin each) and fake Indian currency of Rs 5.73 lakh from the bag. The BSF has further beefed up the vigil along the International Border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "greater noida/tappal", "code": "15553603", "title": "Ambedkar statue defaced, e-way shut", "text": "Greater Noida/Tappal: More than three weeks after a statute of BSP chief Mayawati was beheaded at Ambedkar Park in Lucknow, miscreants defiled and damaged a statue of the framer of the Indian Constitution and Dalit icon, Dr B R Ambedkar, in Tappal on Saturday. Besides chipping off some parts, they covered the face with mud, giving anxious moments to the Uttar Pradesh administration.Angry BSP supporters and villagers staged protests and pelted stones at vehicles plying on the Yamuna expressway. A nearly 4,000-strong crowd from the area then blocked the e-way, for the second time this week, disrupting traffic for several hours.A team of police and administration officials, led by Aligarh district magistrate Alok Kumar and SSP Piyush Mordia, reached the spot soon. The area was cordoned off and heavy police force was deployed. \"Some mischief-makers defaced Dr Ambedkar's statue in the night and passersby noticed it around 7am on Saturday. The farmers sat on the road between Jewar and Aligarh, forcing us to close the zero point at Greater Noida,\" said Mordia. \"We deployed RAF, PAC as well as local police personnel to control the situation.\" By 12pm, the situation was under control and the protesters were made to disperse.Traffic, which was stopped from using the Yamuna e-way from all entry points, resumed around 12pm. Hundreds of commuters had a harrowing time as they got stuck at both the Agra and Greater Noida zero mile points of the e-way. \"As soon as we got to know that thousands of protesters had blocked the expressway, we stopped all traffic to avoid any untoward incident,\" said Qamar Ahmad, Jaypee Infratech.However, the management of the newly opened expressway said it was being used for political manoeuvrings by different groups to project their demands. \"The expressway has become a soft target for protests. The administration should not bow down to blackmail of this kind,\" said Sachin Gaur, director &amp; CFO, Jaypee Infratech Limited.The administration and Jaypee maintained that the protest had nothing to do with farmers demanding a toll-free movement on the expressway. Farmers had blocked traffic on Yamuna Expressway on Thursday, the first day when the developer began charging toll on the 165km access controlled speedway, for toll-free movement. Jaypee refused any such concession on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551509", "title": "Ashok Mitra backs JNU\u2019s SFI faction", "text": "KOLKATA: The rebellion of budding Marxists at Jawaharlal Nehru University has sent ripples in Left intellectual circles, with noted Left columnist Ashok Mitra giving the \"go-ahead\" to the young rebels (JNU-SFI), just days after his friend, economist Prabhat Patnaik, delivered a lecture at JNU organised by the official SFI on August 14.The disquiet in Left quarters over the CPM politburo's decision to support Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for President, which precipitated the divide in the SFI ranks at JNU, has brought the rebel faction (JNU-SFI) closer to Ashok Mitra, who wanted CPM to stay away from the presidential elections. With the Left intellectuals parting ways over an issue with its roots in student politics, the rift between SFI and JNU-SFI showcases how CPM politburo member Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's announced tactic to use the differences between Trinamool Congress and Congress on this issue has boomeranged.In his written message to the JNU-SFI on Saturday, former finance minister Ashok Mitra said: \"There is just one word of encouragement I want to convey to my young friends at Jawaharlal Nehru University. If you have searched your conscience and it has endorsed your judgement that what you are embarking upon is in defence of your cherished ideology and you are prepared to go all the way to face the consequences of your decision, please do go ahead.\"But Mitra appeals to the rebel students to avoid rancour in the debate they would have with party seniors in the days to come. \"Let me, however, add one cautionary suggestion. By all means argue fiercely with those who were till yesterday your closest comrades, but please take care to avoid rancour in the exchanges you get involved in and, let the initiative of a formal breach come - if it has to come - not from your direction. No one should be allowed the chance of claiming that they did not sever the fraternal links but you opted out of your own,\" Mitra says.However, the former finance minister and conscience keeper of the Left feels that the rebel students should not lose heart. \"Well, comrades, we must offer courage to one another. The battle to protect the purity of the ideology can never be a lost cause; the final victory is bound to be ours,\" Mitra says.A peek at the JNU-SFI executive committee resolution adopted on August 4 bears out that the rebel students are fighting for the \"ideological sanctity\" of the CPM party programme and against the tactical deviations from the party line.\"The JNU-SFI that has been criticising the CPM for its extending support to a Congressman and an advocate of the neo-liberal path in the presidential polls, will also have to explain the CPM's demanding Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to come clear on the latest CAG expose on distribution of coal blocks,\" a CPM state committee member said.By all means argue fiercely with those who were till yesterday your closest comrades, but please take care to avoid rancour in the exchanges you get involved in and, let the initiative of a formal breach come - if it has to come - not from your direction", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15551419", "title": "Student beaten up, slashed with razor in hostel", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A Class-VIII student of Salboni High School in West Mindapore was beaten up and slashed with razor blade by five fellow occupants of the school's SC/ST hostel for protesting against them finishing his tin of muri.After being tortured on the night of August 15, the victim, Diptankar Mal, was also locked up in his hostel room for two days. Diptankar's father has lodged a complaint at Salboni police station against the five students on Saturday.The boy may have been locked up for longer had his father Subhankar, a Trinamool booth president in Tilakgunj, had not inquired about his son from another student of the hostel. On learning that his son had not left his room for two days, Subhankar visited the boy on Saturday and brought him out of the room. Diptankar was later admitted to the Salboni block hospital.The school headmaster Prakash Mahato visited Diptankar in the hospital. The five accused students, named by the victim, have reportedly admitted to Mahato that they had beaten up the boy.Mahato has informed Salboni BDO that the accused will be expelled and the financial help they receive from the government will be cancelled.\"We have initiated a probe based on the complaint,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553803", "title": "Key accused Jiyalal quizzed, 1 more held", "text": "Gurgaon: Officers of the special investigation team (SIT) were on Saturday interrogating Jiyalal, the \"main accused\" in the case of violence on July 18 at the Manesar plant of Maruti. Jiyalal was arrested on Thursday and was on five days' police remand. Although the SIT and other police officers did not disclose the outcome of the interrogation of Jiyalal so far, a source said that a police team would be going with him to retrieve some evidence against him. Jiyalal's suspension following his beating up of a supervisor was the trigger of the July 18 violence. A senior police officer said that after the violence Jiyalal and some other accused had fled the company in a car. Police want to retrieve the car first though they know that Jiyalal is not the owner of the car. Police were also searching for seven more accused, whose names figure in the FIR. Earlier, Jiyalal had revealed to police that he had spent many days in the gurudwaras of Ludhiana and Beas. Police were generally reticent on the details of the investigation. Meanwhile, one more accused person in the Maruti Manesar plant violence case was arrested in Delhi on Saturday. He was produced in a city court and send in 14 days' judicial custody. The arrested man was identified by the SIT as Kamal, resident of Delhi. Till Saturday some 145 workers have been arrested in the Maruti case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550853", "title": "Save Oshiwara open plot: Locals", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of two housing societies in Oshiwara have written to BMC chief Sitaram Kunte and other civic officials on Saturday, questioning the approval for construction of a private institution on a plot, one-third of which is reportedly reserved for a municipal school and the rest for a playground, which was being leased to the school.The residents said despite Mhada issuing a notice, the construction has not been stopped.TOI on July 23 had reported about a protest by the Oshiwara Lokhandwala Citizens' Association (OLCA) against the private institute. A copy of the plot's previous layout showing the municipal school is with TOI.The residents argued that while the municipal school was to be two storey, the private school is seven-storey high. \"The access road is not wide enough for a small car, imagine the chaos if school buses start entering,\" said the residents.Residents said if the building comes up, even emergency services vehicles would not be able reach their societies. They also pointed out discrepancies in the deal allowing the private institution's construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552561", "title": "Three arrested for hate SMSs in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after three more attacks on people from Manipur and Assam, Bangalore police on Saturday arrested three people suspected to have sent hate SMSs and MMSs after a raid on an electronics shop in the city's Koramangla neighbourhood, Karanataka's top officer said.DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau said the investigating team received information that Anees Pasha, 26, who runs a mobile shop called New Fonotech in Koramangala VII Block, started spreading rumours through SMSs and uploading videos to incite hatred against people from the northeast. Police were probing whether they had links to any known group.Police raided the shop, arrested Anees and seized incriminating mobile phones, computers and laptops. Anees told police that he and his associates were sending SMSs to a large number of people which wrongly depicted violence in the northeast. Pachau said the mischief played by Anees and his brother, Thaseem Nawaz, 32, and an associate Shahid Salman Khan, 22, had caused panic and fear.Four mobile phones, two computers and a laptop were seized from the arrested men. A special team was constituted under DCP (Southeast) PS Harsha to further investigate hate crimes that triggered an exodus of people from the northeast, crippling Bangalore's restaurant and beauty business.\"We are unable to give details of recordings of MMS clippings of violence in Assam. But we firmly believe they had partly committed the mischief, that led to the exodus,\" said a police officer.A senior officer said the youths caught are believed to have shown clippings of violence in Assam and told a group of northeast youths that they would face a similar fate if they continued to stay in Bangalore beyond August 20. \"We are questioning them about what prompted them to threaten youths of this community. This act, we believe, might have been one of the reasons that set off the panic button among citizens coming from northeast and Assam,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15552447", "title": "No official confirmation, says panchayat president", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kuruvattoor panchayat president K Manjula said the grama sabha met only three times in 2011.\"The law stipulates that at least four grama sabhas should be convened every year. We met in July, September and October in 2011,\" she said, adding that meeting could not be held in April because preparations for assembly elections had begun by that time.LDF has 12 members in the panchayat while UDF has six. \"We never got any official intimation from the election commission on the move to disqualify members. We will explore legal options after getting official confirmation of Saturday's decision,\" she said. The opposition, however, blamed the president. \"At least one grama sabha meeting should have been convened in the first six months,\" said ward member and local IUML leader Muhammad, Cheruvatta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15553046", "title": "Pessimism a result of revolution of rising expectations, says PM", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the nation is facing an economic slowdown, when its corporate czars are lambasting the government over a paralysis of its functioning and when corruption charges are flying fast and thick, the country's prime minister says the excessive pessimism and negativism stems from a \"revolution of rising expectations\" .Speaking at the 50th annual convocation of the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay , Singh said, \"Hopes are high, but often not realized.\" Recalling his humble beginning in the village of Gah, he said, \"I studied in the light of a kerosene lamp in a dusty village that had no power, no school or college. There has been enormous improvement ... The progress that has been registered has often fallen short of the expectations of our people.\"Stating that this is not a gloomy end, but a patch, he said the fundamentals of the Indian economy were still sound and with greater effort, it would be possible to go back to the pre-crisis growth rate of eight to nine per cent per annum . To the graduating class of 2012, he said, \"I am confident about the future of India. Because you are the future.\"The outturn of the 50th batch of IITB had 2,006 graduating students; a total of 180 PhD degrees were awarded, as compared to 179 last year, 55 medals were also awarded in various disciplines . An honorary doctorate degree was conferred on Azim Premji , chairman of Wipro. To his \"fellow students\" as Premji addressed them because he never stopped being a student, the tech titan goaded stduents to make mistakes and learn from them, to be experimental , innovative and bold, to have confidence , to earn as much as was needed, to make excellence a habit and contribute to society.Sibal hints at greater freedom for IITsFor long, the centres of excellence have felt stifled by the government's reign. On Saturday, HRD minister Kapil Sibal hinted at greater financial autonomy for the IITs, a process he said was likely to allow the institutes to blossom. \"It is only with respect to financial matters that the IITs are circumscribed by government rules, which limits to some extent their autonomous nature,\" said Sibal. \"We are cognizant of this handicap and are seeking to remedy it by giving the board of governors full powers with regard to faculty, financial and other matters. Needless to say, this autonomy will go hand in hand with accountability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15552059", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to rely on Nashik\u2019s wells, water pumps", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will be using water from its wells, hand pumps and electric water pumps in case of water shortage. But this decision will be taken after the conclusion of the monsoon season.The NMC has 1,202 wells, 918 hand pumps and 284 electric water pumps across all six divisions in the city. These will be used for supplying water to the city if the water crisis persists and if the rains continue to play trunat through the season.The city has been reeling under water shortage which resulted in water cut over the last two months. Scarce rainfall has prolonged the NMC's initial decision of enforcing water cuts till July 31, by yet another month, despite the dam being partially full.\"Though the dam is half full we cannot lift the water cut till there is sufficient storage for 12 months. Additionally, there has been insufficient rainfall,\" said NMC's executive engineer of the water supply department, R K Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552693", "title": "We had no idea this would happen: R Ashoka", "text": "The BJP government is yet to recover from the wave of migration and three days of panic that shook Bangalore from August 15. Deputy chief minister R Ashoka spoke to STOI about the issue. He declined to comment on sensitive issues thrown up by the mass exodus.Why did police dither over the central fiat though it came on July 27?The riots in Mumbai, where two people died, created panic. Provocative messages, MMS and video clippings sent to people from the northeast upset the community. However, there was no hint that these people would leave the state, when we received the message from the Centre. Suddenly, from August 15, there was an exodus. They decided to leave despite police assuring them of protection.What lessons did the government learn?We'll be wary in future and try to minimize such things. For the migrants, more than facilities, confidence-building measures from the state are important. Along with the government, the public and society should come forward in instilling confidence among them.Will the government set up relief camps?The government is ready to set up relief camps for the northeast in case of an emergency. However, the situation does not warrant setting up of relief camps.Has the exodus reduced since Friday?Going by ticket bookings and reports, the numbers dropped by Saturday afternoon. I interacted with the people at the railway station, and nearly 60% said they were leaving because they wanted to be with their families as the region was trouble-torn . The rest admitted they were fleeing because of fear in Bangalore.Any efforts by the government to bring them back?The state government has urged the transport and agriculture ministers from Assam and from other northeastern states to appeal to the people in their states to go back to Bangalore.What are the security measures for Eid?Peace committee meetings are being held regularly , and Muslims have cooperated with us in this. Paramilitary forces and KSRP battalions have been pressed into service. They've started conducting flag marches to instill confidence among people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15551393", "title": "CAG reports: Fight will now shift to PAC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The battle lines between the Congress and the opposition are drawn in Parliament's public accounts committee (PAC), with the panel expected to include the three latest reports of the comptroller and auditor general, which have stung the government, in its agenda for the year.The war of words over the federal auditor's reports that slam the government over coal allocations and sweetheart deals in the running of Delhi airport and a power project in Madhya Pradesh is sure to be reflected in the PAC, headed by BJP leader M M Joshi.The committee was earlier split over the CAG report on the 2G scam with the Congress and its allies ensuring the report indicting PMO and finance minister P Chidambaram remained a draft.Political battle to get dirtyAllegations leveled against M M Joshi by UPA MPs led to fireworks in committee meetings and the scenario may not be much different when the PAC gets down to the nitty-gritty of examining the reports, particularly with BJP having called for PM Manmohan Singh's resignation over \"coalgate\".Reactions to the latest CAG reports - the one on coal deals with allocation of natural resources like the 2G airwaves - indicate no let up in hostilities. Congress continues to sharply denounce CAG with spokesperson Manish Tewari saying, \"CAG will be well served by keeping the precedent in mind (of Supreme Court not endorsing presumptive loss) and not keep adding zeros which unnecessarily sensationalizes and vitiates the environment.\"BJP expectedly sprang to CAG's defence, accusing Congress of targeting the auditor. BJP spokesperson Prakash Javdekar said, \"After corruption of UPA was exposed, CAG is being attacked. The way V Narayanasamy and Sriprakash Jaiswal said CAG does not have a mandate, it is a matter of breach of privilege.\"BJP made it clear the CAG reports will resonate in Parliament when it meets after Eid on Tuesday and government managers are bracing for an onslaught as well. \"The procedure is that the Opposition should wait till the PAC examines the reports, but if the Opposition is intent on disrupting proceedings, what can be done,\" said a senior minister.As reports have renewed focus on alleged corruption, Opposition could seek to get around parliamentary provisions by demanding a discussion on allocation of natural resources. The CAG reports are also likely to see a convergence between BJP-led NDA, Left and regional parties like BJD and AIADMK.In the PAC, the reports may not be taken up immediately as the committee has its hands full with audits on the 2010 Commonwealth Games and KG gas. But the reports will be added to the agenda and Joshi will again be in the spotlight with the coal allocations in particular placing the PM in the Opposition's line of fire.In the past Congress members have clashed bitterly with Joshi, insisting that proceedings be reviewed. The 2G report is a bone of contention as some members have said the draft needs to be revisited as they were not part of the previous committee that deliberated on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553586", "title": "DC withdraws controversial order", "text": "MYSORE: The controversial order by deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, which led BJP MLC G Madhusudan to accuse the IAS officer of succumbing to the real estate lobby, has been withdrawn.This follows intervention of deputy chief minister CM K S Eshwarappa, who holds the revenue portfolio, summoned the DC to Bangalore and discussed the issue.Principal secretary (revenue) Ashok Kumar Manoli and the MLC attended the meeting where the documents related to the case was placed before Eshwarappa. Within hours, the government issued an order to the DC to review the order he issued on June 26.Vastrad, who came under the scanner, withdrew the controversial order on Saturday and issued a fresh order later in the evening. During the meeting, the minister questioned and censured the DC, sources said. The government ordered the DC to review the order as per Section 25 of the Karnataka Land Revenue Act.The deputy commissioner's court had ordered prime 2000 acres land at the foothills of Chamundi Hills as B-kharab land and directed the officials concerned to issue kathas. He petitioned chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Thursday and released the copies to the media on Friday. Within hours, Eshwarappa called up the DC and summoned him to Bangalore.\"The Dy CM saw my point after I presented the documents and ordered the DC to withdraw the controversial order,\" Madhusudan stated in a press release.The government's move is to protect the prime land for public use, he added.The DC has made it clear any changes made in the land records consequent to June 26 order will be null and void. He said there are misgivings about the contents of %the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15557847", "title": "NGO Maher completes 15 years", "text": "PUNE: City based NGO Maher, which works for poor people, completed 15 years recently. The crystal anniversary celebration was attended by nearly 4000 people at Avhalwadi.The anniversary audience was addressed by eminent sportswoman Arnawaz Damania, and Vidya Bal, veteran women's rights activist, who were the chief guest and the guest of honour at the event. A variety of stage items that featured beautiful dance performances by Maher children set the tune for the main programme. The performances were climaxed by a group dance that vividly depicted the quintessential tenet of 'sarvadharmasamabhav' (reverence toward all faiths) which has served as the basis of Maher's work all these years.In view of the intense public anger and outrage against the evil practice of female foeticide which has become a focus of debate these days, particularly in Maharashtra, Maher organised a giant public rally to create public opinion against the practise. The rally, which was held in Shikrapur, evoked a huge response from women most of whom belonged to the self help groups established by Maher. Shikrapur where Maher has a number of ongoing projects is an important town in Shirur taluka which has been in the news for quite some time in connection with the infamous practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15551502", "title": "Exercise to detect illegal immigrants on backburner", "text": "Varanasi: The exercises made by the police and intelligence agencies to detect illegal Bangladeshi immigrants in and around the district after every terrorist blasts in the region, are seemingly stopped or put on backburner.The issue of presence of Bangladeshi immigrants in this region had been taken up by the Intelligence Bureau and many other agencies after the alien forces had started efforts to spread their network in late `90s. After the involvement of Bangladesh-based Harkat-ul-Jehad-e-Islami (HUJI) was exposed in March 7, 2006 serial blasts in Varanasi, many investigation agencies, including local intelligence unit, swung into action to detect the suspected Bangladeshis to ensure that they are not being utilized as HUJI module to execute destructive plans. Alertness was shown by the agencies on the issues of Bangladeshi immigrants after November 23, 2007 Kutchehri blasts and December 7, 2010 Dashaswamedh Ghat blast.After continuing the exercise for few months, the drives to detect the Bangladeshi immigrants were left midway. DIG A Satish Ganesh, who recently held a meeting with LIUs of the range and sought a report on those 88 Pakistani nationals who had gone missing after arriving in the districts of Varanasi range, he said that there are separate intelligence wings to tackle the issue of Bangladeshi immigrants. He said that the issue was in the mind of senior officials and agencies concerned are being contacted to know whether there was any progress in the detection.The DIG hinted that any action by the civil police can be initiated in these issues after getting reports from the agencies concerned only. However, no intelligence agency has any fresh input on the issue of Bangladeshi immigrants. The apathy of these agencies on this issue is shocking as the intelligence wings had conducted surveys in 2003 when surprising facts had surfaced. During the survey, over 16,500 Bangladeshi immigrants were spotted in Varanasi and surrounding districts including Chandauli, Bhadohi and Jaunpur.The stretch between Padao and Mughalsarai on Varanasi-Chandauli border was noticed as the biggest pocket of Bangladeshi immigrants. The localities falling in this stretch like Dulhipur, Suzabad, Bahadurganj, Revsa and Launda housed the biggest number (about 5,000) of Bangladeshis. In Varanasi, localities like Chhittupur, Sigra, New Loco Colony and Lehartara were found as the major hub as more than 3,000 Bangladeshi immigrants were spotted there. During the survey, about 2,000 immigrants were noticed around Banaras Hindu University while equal strength was found in Bazardiha. Small clusters of Bangladeshis were detected in Chawkaghat and even in the densely populated locality of Devnathpura.The intelligence agencies had also checked the call lists of PCOs as well as letters in the post offices of the same localities. The outcome of this exercise revealed that the Bangladeshi connections were still maintained by a large number of immigrants. Despite these revelations of the 2003 survey report, no effort was made to ascertain the credential of suspected immigrants. After November 23, 2007 Kutchehri serial blasts, the LIU had also detected about 800 Bangladeshi immigrants. However, the bid to trace the route of these people with doubtful credential could yield no result as despite the correspondence made with Murshidabad (West Bengal) police for the verification of their whereabouts no reply could be received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551254", "title": "Splashy Salman stoles, crazy caps new style statement for Lucknow's young buyers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The stole worn by actor Salman Khan in his latest blockbuster 'Ek Tha Tiger' has become an instant hit among children this Eid. \"Buyers, specially youngsters, are picking up this stole,'' said Aqueel Ahmed, a shopkeeper in Aminabad. With an affordable price tag of Rs 25, these stoles are available in many colours, though the most preferred is the black and white combination.Displaying a variety of caps, Ahmed said that the craze for caps can never diminish. Even though the price of caps has risen by 5%, it has not affected sales. \"The price hike has failed to deter the spirits of people who are willing to shell out extra to buy a good one,\" said Ahmed. He added that caps are an essential thing while Muslims go for namaz, or even in daily use. And on Eid, Muslims usually dress in their traditional attire wherein a cap is must.Ahmed is selling more than 20 varieties of cap, including imported ones which have become very popular among city folks. Available between Rs 25 and Rs 55, Indonesian caps are ruling the roost this Eid. \"These caps are simple and mainly preferred by middle aged men. They are light in weight and fit well,'' he said.Then there are designer caps from Bhopal which are available in green, yellow, orange and blue colours and have embroidery as well.The soft Chinese caps are priced at Rs 80 while those from Pakistan cost Rs 45. \"The velvet Pakistani caps are also in demand,'' said Ahmed. The Lucknow 'do palli' caps, available at Rs 35 per piece, grab the attention of maulvis, whereas 'Alpin hall' of Bangladesh in the range of Rs 45-55 are students' favourite. 'Aksa' caps which come from Saudi Arabia are priced at Rs 120. Ahmed said these caps are worn by haj pilgrims but liked by children as well.Caps straight from Ajmer Sharif, popularly called as 'Chistia', are also attracting people. These caps range between Rs 45 and Rs 55. Omani caps are the best for gifting purposes and being sold at Rs 150 per piece. Next comes the Lucknowi chikankari caps that are priced at Rs 35. Among the local caps, 'chand taara' and 'khajur' caps are popular among kids. These caps have moon-star or dates printed on them and their price start from Rs 25.The iftar on Sunday for Shias will commence at 6.52 pm, while for the Sunnis it will be held at 6.43 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15551627", "title": "Reconstructing life with digital footprints", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 1997, Green Park resident Rakesh Sharma brought home an Intel desktop. Soon, Rakesh and his two sons, Mayank and Shashank, were setting up Linux on it. These are fond memories for the Sharmas. Except for Mayank...In 2009, Mayank was diagnosed with tubercular meningitis (TBM), an infection of the central nervous system. By the end of January 2010, he had lost his memory. \"Initially, I couldn't even understand what they were saying because I didn't understand language. I was a complete vegetable...\"But one day he saw the desktop and recalled some of the details about the day when the family first got it. Since then, the gadgets and services Mayank had used over the years have helped him get an idea of who he was before he lost his memory.Since he used to be a writer, Mayank was spurred to get back to it, but language proved to be the first hurdle. The mobile phone became his English tutor. Predictive text was a godsend. He would spend hours entering a couple of letters and then browsing through all the auto-complete options.Watching news on TV taught him how to construct sentences. Shashank helped him by downloading BBC programmes on the English language. \"I tested my newly re-acquired skills on my blog and Twitter. Twitter's character limit forces one to be creative,\" Mayank says.With no memory, but an Internet connection at hand, Mayank did the most natural thing to do: Google himself. He discovered articles he had written, comments he had posted, every web service he had used. And then there was Gmail. \"Thanks to Gmail , I've been able to piece together the missing years of my life.\" The oldest email was dated September 1, 2004. And there were 9,577 messages from that day to January 2010, from 899 contacts. \"Every email tells me something about myself in my own words.\"After Google, Mayank admits to owing a lot to Facebook and Flickr for adding much-needed context to his life. \"Without Facebook, I can't imagine connecting with the people I have connected with,\" says Mayank.For full story log on to www.timescrest.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557786", "title": "Mila Kunis reveals trust issues", "text": "Mila Kunis has admitted that she still can't bring herself to trust people, insisting that she is trying to feel \"more secure\" about herself.The 'Ted' actress - who is believed to be dating Ashton Kutcher - is trying to shrug off her cautious side and become \"more fun\" and \"more open\" in her life.\"I'm trying to be less guarded and more open. I find it hard to trust people. There's a side to me that's very cautious and suspicious. But I'm gradually feeling a little more secure about who I am and enjoying everything that's been happening to me,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying.\"I'm trying to have more fun in life. I'm much more conservative than people think - I mean, I don't send out naked photos of myself or climb out of limos without any knickers on!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552241", "title": "Bring Bapu\u2019s belongings home", "text": "When the British auction house Mullock's recently put under the hammer a pinch of soil containing Bapu's blood, a letter, his spectacles, charkha and a prayer book, it was seen as vulgar sale of the nation's pride. Anger had also erupted in 2009 when James Otis, another collector of Gandhi memorabilia, put on sale his possessions. Only last week, the National Archives got back what are known as the Kallenbach Letters \u2014 thousands of letters and documents related to Gandhiji's friendship with the German-Jew Hermann Kallenbach in South Africa. The letters were bought at an auction.Many believe it would not be long before other objects come under the hammer. Collectors have indicated that Bapu's fingernails , hair, bone pieces, tooth and part of his ashes are only waiting to be auctioned.An increasing number of people are now saying that if we truly care for our Gandhian heritage, why not issue an appeal to collectors around the world to return these artefacts to India? Why not conduct an audit of all of Bapu's possessions scattered across the globe to at least know what lies where? If an appeal to return Bapu's artefacts is indeed made, it would not be the first of its kind. The most authoritative work on Bapu \u2014 Collected Works of Mahatma Gandhi \u2014 was possible because the Central government made an appeal about 40 years ago, asking people to return all the writings of the father of the nation. Many people voluntarily donated, resulting in the collation of the biggest collection of writings, speeches, interviews and letters.\"I firmly believe that the Government of India should enact laws which will make it difficult for people to buy or sell objects of Gandhian heritage,\" says Gandhi's great-grandson Tushar.Dina Patel, a scholar of the Collected Works of Gandhi adds, \"Although Mahatma Gandhi belongs to the world, his legacy is a national responsibility. But how does one strike a balance between dangers of his legacy perishing, and becoming a commercial commodity?Peter Ruhe, a German citizen and avid collector of Gandhian memorabilia says that banning auctions of Gandhi's artefacts might not be a viable solution. \"If auctions are made impossible , the same artefacts will go underground and the Indian government will never get a chance to get hold of them. The government should instead set up a title for the acquisition of memorabilia on Gandhiji and India's independence movement ,\" he says. Till the Kallenbach Letters were auctioned, there were six well-known instances of Gandhi memorabilia being auctioned. Most of these articles like pens, glasses, plates, bowls, letters and postcards, were claimed to be gifted or written by Gandhi to various people during his lifetime. These objects were fairly representative of his values and the simple life he lived.Incidentally, Otis had recently claimed he also has Mahatma's blood drops over which he was ready to 'negotiate' with the Indian government . Other articles in his possession include the original of 'Harijan', a journal edited by Gandhi and cotton clothes spun by him.Tushar Gandhi says that people who have possessions of his greatgrandfather have realized their commercial value now. \"The generation which kept these objects reverentially is gone or is ineffective. The generation that has inherited them has no reverence for the objects. To them the commercial value is the only consideration.\"But, for all the angry words expressed over the auctions, it is ironical that Gandhi believed he owned nothing. The opening lines of his will read: \"I do not believe that I have any property. Nevertheless, anything which by social convention or in law is considered mine... I endow as my heirs the Navajivan Institution, whom I hereby declare as my heirs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556145", "title": "Cereal bars contain more sugar than 1 can of coke", "text": "The image of cereal bars as a healthy snack is a myth, as some of them contain the equivalent of almost four teaspoons of sugar and high levels of fat, researchers have claimed. All but one of the 30 leading bars are high in sugar with 16 containing more than 30 per cent. The research comes after figures revealed how sales of traditional breakfast cereals have plummeted as people turn to snacks which can be eaten on the go or as part of an office \"deskfast.\" The research by Which? found the Kellogg's Nutri-Grain Elevenses Raisin Bake bar contained nearly four teaspoons of sugar (18g), which is more than that found in a small 150ml can of cola (15.9g) and around 20 percent of the recommended daily allowance, the Daily Mail reported.However, it has less sugar in it than richer breakfast options, for example a Sainsbury's blueberry muffin which contains 22.7g and a serving of Starbucks luxury fruit bread which contains 39g. The Tracker Roasted Nut bar was found to be almost a third fat and contained some hydrogenated fat which is a particular risk in terms of increasing cholesterol in the blood. Monster Puffs, a cereal bar aimed at children and described as \"great for your lunchbox,\" contained 43.5 per cent sugar. In all, six out of seven cereal bars aimed at children were high in saturated fat. Which? compared the nutritional content of the bars using the manufacturers' information and applied traffic light labelling standards to see if the levels of fat, saturated fat, sugar and salt were high, medium or low. The Nakd Apple Pie was the only bar in the study that did not contain any added sugar, while the Alpen Light Apple and Sultana bar was the only one to have three green traffic lights for fat, saturated fat and salt. The Weetabix Oaty Strawberry Crusher bar was the healthiest choice for children, with a low salt content and medium levels of fat and saturated fat. \"People often choose cereal bars in the belief they're healthier than chocolate or biscuits but our research shows this can be a myth,\" Which? executive director Richard Lloyd said. \"Manufacturers need to be much clearer about how much sugar, fat and calories are loaded into each bar so people can make an informed choice. \"We want all foods to have the traffic light colour coding system so people can see easily what they're eating and giving to their children,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556330", "title": "NTR-Harish Shankar's film is Jana Gana Mana?", "text": "Director Harish Shankar, who rocked the show with his latest blockbuster 'Gabbar singh' is all set to make his next with Jr.NTR. This is known news and the director denied that 'MLA' is not the title of that flick. Here is the latest tidbit about it.Industry sources are saying that 'Jana Gana Mana' is the title of NTR-Harish project. A strong grapevine suggests that Harish is trying to get a patriotic title for this flick and finally he has zeroed on 'Jana Gana Mana'. The film is said to be revolving around current politics in the state and will help Junior much more on political front, if he wants to come into active politics.Ace producer Dil Raju is the producer of this movie and it will go on floors once NTR finishes his work on Sreenu Vytla's 'Baadshah'. A source from Dil Raju camp stated that the producer has got that title with him, but it is not known if that will be used for Young tiger's movie.Source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553115", "title": "Rs 50-cr central package for tourism circuit", "text": "RANCHI: The Centre has granted a Rs 50-crore package for the development of a tourist circuit covering important spots in East Singhbhum, Saraikela-Kharsawan and Ranchi districts. The Union tourism minister, Subodh Kant Sahay, made this announcement during a conference on \"Jharkhand: A rediscovered tourist paradise\" here on Saturday.\"Initially, the ministry decided to give around Rs 39 crore but keeping in mind the tourism potential of the state, we decided to increase the allocation to around Rs 50 crore,\" said Sahay.State industry secretary, A P Singh, and the director general of tourism, Usha Sharma, were also present. Sahay took the opportunity to criticise the state government for its failure to promote tourism in big way. \"Jharkhand has everything to make it a popular tourist destination, but the state government has never tried to develop it. The state has also failed to realize that tourism helps in generating employment,\" the minister added.The state tourism secretary, Neelima Kerketta, said the department will identify around 30-35 locations in three districts and develop them. \"We will select the spots and develop the infrastructure that will make the stay of tourists pleasant and memorable,\" said Kerketta.The state is also planning to organize road shows in West Bengal to attract Bengali tourists during Durga Puja. \"A huge Bengali population moves out of Bengal during the Puja vacation. We want to encash on this,\" she added.Referring to a query on the department's plan to use Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni as brand ambassador for promoting tourism in Jharkhand, she said they have already written to him. \"We are yet to receive a response. If he accepts our proposal then we can go for an even more aggressive campaigning to attract tourists,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551172", "title": "Buddha all set to smile in Kushinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: What could be termed as a major step forward to promote Buddhist tourism in Uttar Pradesh, the district administration of Kushinagar entered into an agreement with farmers who initially unwilling to give their land for the Maitreya Project. The said project involves construction of a 500-feet-tall statue of Lord Buddha in Kasia area of Kushinagar.The mega project, which started in 2003, was stalled when farmers and the local administration failed to come to a consensus over the price of land. While the UP government had agreed to pay Rs 710 per square metre, the farmers were asking for Rs 1,500 per square metre. The disagreement despite efforts from the state tourism department compelled the Maitreya Project Trust to walk out of UP. Sources said that the trust wrote to UP government in this regard in March 2012. However, the new government asked for a second chance. As a result, a fresh round of negotiations began.After the first meeting with the farmers, the government offered to pay Rs 800 per square metre, while the farmers quoted their rate at Rs 1,200 per square metre. Several meetings were held in April and May and both the parties revised their rates. This time the government offered to pay Rs 850, while the farmers asked for Rs 975 per square metre of land. Still, the talks failed. The final round of dialogue began in the last week of July when the government offered a rate of Rs 930 per square metre. The farmers continued to stress on their demand of Rs 975 per square metre.Finally, on Saturday morning, the government increased the price by ten rupees taking the cost to Rs 940 per square metre. After some consultation, the farmers quoted Rs 945 per square metre, which the government officials agreed. Incidentally, the rate of land finalised is same as what the government is paying to farmers for expansion of the Kushinagar airport.The farmers and their families were also assured that the project will also include education and health care facilities for the local population. The matter is significant, as it is related to some 300 farmers across six villages owning 256 acres of land. Notably, the project is to come up in an area of 660 acres of which only 260 acres will actually available. About 127 acres was acquired bit by bit over five-year term of BSP government, which took the available land to 387 acres.Of the remaining 273 acres, 256 was owned by the farmers was disputed while 17 acres belonged to the gram sabha in these villages. What made it even sensitive was Maitreya Project Trust's declaration that 'not a single inch of land would be forcibly acquired.' In this way, consensus was crucial for the project.When contacted, district magistrate, Kushinagar, Rigzian Sampheal, said, \"We have been able to convince the farmers and there is no pending issue now. The outcome of the meeting would be sent to Gorakhpur divisional commissioner for necessary paperwork, so that payment of the compensation could start.\"Director, Kanshiram Institute for Tourism Studies, Prof Manoj Dixit says that the Maitreya Project is important to the UP government as well. \"The project could prove to be the lifeline of UP's tourism in the years to come. It would take tourist footfall in UP to a new high, besides influencing local economy,\" he stated. Director general UP tourism, Manoj Singh reiterated government's seriousness about the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15554799", "title": "Michelle Obama will meet the families of Wisconsin Gurdwara victims and families", "text": "AMRITSAR: In the wake of the tragic shooting event on the Sikh Gurdwara in Wisconsin on August 5th, First Lady, Michelle Obama will visit Wisconsin next week to meet the victims and their families, informed Manvinder Singh, Director, United Sikhs, an International Civil and Human Right Advocacy, on Sunday.\"The entire community is eternally grateful and obliged by Lt. Murphy's heroic act as he put his life on the line to save countless lives and in the process he was shot 9 times\" said Singh.When a white supremacist Wade Michael Page had entered the Sikh place of worship and opened fire on the congregation, killing six persons and injuring another three including a police officer, Lt Brian Murphy, who was the first responding officer to the attack.He said the news of visit of First Lady came at a time when the entire community was grieving not only from the loss of the six community members but also the loss of Dalbir Singh, a Sikh from the Oak Creek community who was shot and killed while closing his store on Wednesday night.He said the United Sikhs thanked the White House for taking the historic decision of having the First Lady visit to the affected families and stand in solidarity with the community.Meanwhile welcoming the gesture from First Family, Dr. Rajwant Singh, Chairman of the Sikh Council told TOI \"It is great to hear that First lady will be comforting the families devastated by the violence in the Sikh Gurdwaras motivated by hate and it was unquestionably a kind gesture.He said it was important that these families hear firsthand how she and the President felt about this terrible tragedy. The visit by the first lady will be reassuring and heartening and it would be powerful symbol of President Obama embracing the Sikhs at this serious juncture. A visit of this sort restores the faith of the nation and brings everyone together added he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557767", "title": "Aravind Bhat competes in state badminton event to earn spot in Karnataka team", "text": "Former National badminton champion and India international Aravind Bhat participated in his first State-ranking tournament - the 7th Anandashram event - in nearly 10 years this week, raising a few eyebrows.Bhat has been missing from action at this level because of National and International commitments for the last decade. Following his omission from the Petroleum Sports Promotion Board's list of players for the Senior Nationals in September this year, the seasoned shuttler appears willing to start from scratch to be in contention for a spot in the Karnataka team for the South Zone Inter-State Championships in Chirala, Andhra Pradesh , from September 2-4.\"After he expressed an interest to represent Karnataka and obtained an NOC from his employers IndianOil, we suggested he play a few State-ranking events. This guideline is the same for all players eager to represent the State unless they are in the National team or camp,\" Karnataka Badminton Association secretary NC Sudhir told TOI. \"Although Bhat will travel to a few events abroad on his own, we expect him to play locally too,\" he added.Karnataka's other former National champion Anup Sridhar, also not part of the PSPB shortlist, has also obtained an NOC from Bharat Petroleum to represent Karnataka. \"He will also stand a chance of being picked,\" said selection committee chairman U Vimal Kumar. \"Since he had made plans to play Challenger events in Singapore and Vietnam, he may not play State-ranking events before we choose the team next week. But the committee will discuss his chances,\" he added.The message from the KBA is clear -- the selection committee will not overlook former internationals, but a democratic approach is the way to go. \"We don't want players to assume they are automatic choices and we don't want those players who aren't picked to have issues with our selection policy,\" said Sudhir, adding the selection committee also has the option of holding trials to pick the best players to represent Karnataka in the South Zone meet or for the September 26-October 3 Nationals in Srinagar.\"It was a little odd when I stepped on to the court at first. I wondered what I was doing here,\" said Bhat, who emerged as the winner of the State-ranking event in Bangalore. \"Although some matches were easy, it's nice to be part of the event to raise my ranking and it also helps me connect with the junior players. That was interesting,\" said Bhat.While the juniors benefit on court from interacting with a senior pro, Sudhir said a lot of responsibility would lie with the likes of Bhat and Sridhar if they represent Karnataka in the SZ meet. \"Each State has four direct entries (two singles players and one doubles team) for the open event in the Nationals. The winners of Inter-State Championships will get four more direct entries (two singles players and one doubles team) so if Bhat and Sridhar can help Karnataka win the SZ meet, they will ensure four more state players make the Nationals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550807", "title": "Vid companies sitting on 47k crore of coal: CAG", "text": "NAGPUR: As the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) finally came out with a report on coal allocation scam on Friday, it has been found that companies from Vidarbha have got a lion's share of the largesse. There are nine companies from the region out of 57 in the country which have got lucrative coal blocks allotted in their names for a pittance.The nine are sitting over 367 million tons of coal which comes to 6% of the total reserves in blocks allotted to the 57 private companies. Together they own coal worth 47,000 crore going only by the average price charged by CIL. The production cost has not been taken into consideration.According to CAG, the total coal revenue loss for the government is to the tune of 1.86L crore.A look into the report's annexure listing the names of allottees also shows that the biggest share in terms of number of blocks has gone to companies held by members of the Jayaswals. A prominent business family, it has companies separately headed by a father and son. The father, Basant Lal Jayaswal (Shaw) heads Jayaswal Neco while the son Manoj runs Abhijeet Group of Companies. Cumulatively, the family has got six out of the nine blocks bagged by business entities from Vidarbha.The average price for a ton of coal charged by Coal India Limited (CIL) is 1300. The rates fetch a premium of 50% to 100% in the open market where the commodity is auctioned. CAG has pegged the cost of undue profit to these firms by calculating the cost of producing coal deducting from the average price of the commodity. However, the allottees are not allowed to sell the coal and use it for their own units.Manoj's Abhijeet Infrastructure got three blocks in Jharkhand with a cumulative extractable reserve of 56 million tons. This is 10 million tonnes more than the public sector miner Western Coalfields Limited's (WCL) annual production.Jayaswal Neco got a block each in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh with an extractable reserve of 29 million tons and 11.95 million tons, respectively. Topworth Urja and Metals, which is also based in Nagpur Jalgaon's Surendra Lodha as the chairperson, has got three blocks located in the region itself with a total reserve of 11 million tons.Apart from the three held by Abhijeet Infrastructure and two by Jayaswal Neco, there is another company, JLD Yavatmal Power Limited, which has a block in Chhattisgarh in its name having a reserve of 185 million tons. This is headed by Anand, Manoj's brother.The companies from Vidarbha are among those to have multiple blocks. Also in the group are bigwigs like Tatas who have three blocks in all.Production has not started in any of the blocks held by the local firms. Sources say that many were keen to only earn a profit by selling off the blocks. Having coal blocks in their name can also help companies raise finance from banks as it beefs up the valuation of their assets even though there is no mining under way.TOI had reported how BS Ispat, a company promoted by a trio of leading industrialists from the city, gained a windfall of over Rs280 crore after selling off their entire stake in the company to a third party. Other companies like Virangana Ispat and Grade Industries too have sold off their allotted blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15553481", "title": "Padmanayana is new police chief", "text": "DHARWAD: Hubli-Dharwad police will see a change of guard with the Karnataka government on Saturday transferring CID deputy inspector general (DIG) B A Padmanayana as the new Police Commissioner in place of incumbent K Ramchandra Rao.Rao has been transferred to Mysore as IGP Southern Range. Several other officers in the twin cities have also been shifted. Dharwad City ACP Sanjeev Patil will be Dy SP Intelligence (Hubli) while Shankar Holehosur who was DySP Intelligence (Hubli) will take over as ACP, Dharwad City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553550", "title": "Farmers' stir takes violent turn", "text": "MYSORE: The controversy surrounding payment of dues to farmers by a sugar factory on Saturday led to tension in the city as sugarcane growers were split and scuffled with each other.During the protest, two representatives attached to the factory were targeted and a lorry operator, who questioned them, was also beaten up. Later, police intervened and brought the situation under control.The simmering tension, owing to delay in payment of dues, boiled over on Saturday after the meeting convened by the district administration to discuss the issue was postponed.Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad convened the meeting following a day-long protest earlier in the week. When the farmer leaders led by Kurbur Shantakumar, president of Sugarcane Growers Association, arrived to the meeting at the DC office, additional DC Naga Naik told them that the meeting is put off. It was attributed to non-availability of Vastrad, who was in Bangalore.Representatives of the Bannari Amman Sugare Factory too had arrived to the meeting. The farmers protested against it and accused the district administration of insulting the farming community and dithering to attend to their problems. When they were leaving the DC office, a section of farmers accused the association of misleading the farmers, which led to a verbal duel. The warring factions staged separate protest and counter protest on the premises when it boiled over as two persons attached to the factory were targeted by the farmers who accused them of speaking derogatively about the association.Shantakumar told STOI that they have asked the ADC to file a criminal complaint against the factory management. \"During earlier protests, we'd told the DC that the factory management could try to split the farmers,\" he contended. He, however, said the association members didn't attack the two persons attached to the factory.While cops brought the situation under control, it flared up again when a lorry operator too was attacked. He allegedly spoke against the association office-bearers. Police again intervened and dispersed the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "cincinnati (usa)", "code": "15558159", "title": "Bhupathi-Bopanna in final of Cincinnati Masters", "text": "CINCINNATI (USA): Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna have earned a chance to win their second title of the season by reaching the summit clash of the ATP Cincinnati Masters with a straight sets win over Croatia's Ivan Dodig and Brazil's Marcelo Melo .The sixth seed Indian pair recorded a 6-4, 6-3 win over their rivals in the semifinals of the $2,825,280 hard court event.They will now fight it out with fourth seeded pair of Sweden's Robert Lindstedt and Romania's Horia Tecau, who shocked second seed American's Mike and Bob Bryan 7-5, 6-7(5), 10-2.India's Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek had bowed out in the second round.Bhupathi and Bopanna, who have been dumped from India's Davis Cup team, had won a title in Dubai event in February.It is only the second time this season that they have reached the final of an ATP event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15557873", "title": "Share of spam in mail traffic is down 2.3 percentage points compared to the previous quarter", "text": "PUNE: Kaspersky Lab, the multinational computer security company, in a recent report, has said that the share of spam in mail traffic was down 2.3 percentage points compared to the previous quarter, averaging 74.3% in quarter two of 2012.The report said that Asia (53%) and Latin America (14%) remain the most prominent sources of spam. The proportion of emails with malicious attachments decreased by 0.3 percentage points compared to quarter one in 2012 and averaged 3%.The report said that the decrease in the share of spam in mail traffic is to some extent seasonal: many spam computers are turned off while their owners are on vacation. On the other hand, this could also be a general downward trend in the quantity of spam because during the quiet season the volume of 'clean' email traffic falls too. This drop in spam traffic is not just down to seasonal fluctuations.Some years ago new on-line projects that offered users collective discounts, or so-called coupons, appeared on the internet. A coupon provides a user with a discount when purchasing goods or services. Coupon services have quickly become popular all over the world: many companies use them to expand their customer base and customers, in turn look for the best offers. Spammers could hardly ignore the impact of coupon services on email traffic and internet advertising.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15552515", "title": "Investors' meet on August 25", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Finance minister K M Mani will inaugurate Invex, the meeting of the small and medium investors from North Kerala, here on August 25.Addressing a news conference here on Saturday, Ashik Parol, northern region president of the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the organizer of the meet, said around 250 investors from Kasaragod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode and Malappuram will attend the programme.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb will inaugurate the stalls. Dr Azad Moopen will be honoured at the function. Former industries minister Elamaram Kareem, IUML leader M C Mayin Haji and industrialist V K C Mammad Koya will also attend.Industries minister P K Kunhalikutty will inaugurate the valedictory function on August 25. Tourism minister A P Anil Kumar , M K Raghavan, MP, A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, KTDC chairman Vijayan Thomas and Inkel MD T Balakrishnan will speak.As many as 25 projects including four from the government will be placed at the meet. A panel of experts from different fields will answer the queries from the participants. Invex has been officially declared a part of the Emerging Kerala project.Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry plans to hold two sessions of such meeting every year.Invex organizing committee chairman Ameen Ahsan and director Shabeer Hassan were present for the news conference.As many as 25 projects including four from the government will be placed at the meet. Invex has been officially declared a part of the Emerging Kerala project", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15556004", "title": "Exodus comes to an end, railways cancels special train", "text": "BANGALORE: The flight from fear seems to be over. After a scary exodus for three days, only 80 railway tickets were sold on Saturday, prompting officials to cancel the special train to Guwahati.N Ramesh, senior deputy commercial manager, confirmed there won't be any trains leaving on Saturday night. \"We need a minimum of 2,500 tickets booked to run a train but there aren't enough bookings. Only 80 tickets were booked,\" he said. At Yeshwantpur police station, 300 people had boarded a train to Assam , officials said.Unaware of this, Jayahta Das and Babu Kumarnath were part of the 20-member group that left from Mangalore on Friday night. They came to Bangalore to catch the train back home to Guwahati, but were surprised to see an empty platform 4 at the railway station. By afternoon, they had already pulled out plastic sheets for their afternoon nap. \"We are told there would be a train at night but there is no one at the railway station. We went to the counter a couple of times, but they said announcements would be made soon,\" said Das.These men were working as security guards with Doberman Security Services and said that most of their colleagues had already left. \"There were around 240 of us working in the company, now there are only four left in office. Our boss told us we would be safe but our families are pressuring us to return. Once these problems settle down, we will return,\" said Kumarnath. When told there was no special train, they decided to stay put at the station, hoping for better news.In the afternoon, there were less than 200 people from the northeastern community waiting outside the railway station. Although the numbers swelled by evening, it was marginal.The exodus may have seen a drop, but fear remains. In spite of the police crackdown on anti-social elements, many still believe rumours that there will be attacks after August 20.Roopam, 19, a native of Guwahati, joined work as an electrician near Koramangala just a week ago, and didn't even get time to unpack his luggage. \"There is money here and if I work in Assam, I will be earning much less. But it is better than living under fear. I have no one here to take care of me even if I fall ill, what will happen to me if I am attacked?\"Amid all this chaos, three young men got out of an autorickshaw at the railway station. Dragging their luggage, they went towards reception, and were taken aback to see there were few travelers. Realizing that the train could be cancelled, they picked up their luggage and walked towards the prepaid autorickshaw stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15553311", "title": "M S University reaches out to students from northeast", "text": "VADODARA: In the wake of panic among students of northeastern states in the country over some developments there in the region, M S University (MSU) has convened a meeting to take stock of the situation on the campus. The university will reach out to 400 students that include not only students from the region in India, but also Tibetans.A meeting of wardens and top university officials was called by vice-chancellor Yogesh Singh to review the situation regarding students form northeast (NE) enrolled in the university. The officials have been asked to keep a close tab on any developments regarding these students and exercise vigil.Singh will hold another meeting on Sunday evening at 6 pm at his bungalow where he has called not only MSU officials, but also students from northeastern states as well as Tibet . MSU officer on special duty ( registrar) Amit Dholakia said police officers may also be called for the meeting.\"We want to assure the students that they are safe here and in case of any problems, the university will stand by them. There is no reason to panic and so far there are no reports of any exodus of students studying at the university,\" Dholakia said. He said the university was also reaching out to Tibetan students as they could be confused with people from NE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552076", "title": "State cabinet OKs RCD projects, diesel subsidy hiked", "text": "Patna: The state cabinet at its meeting here on Friday approved a slew of road construction department (RCD) proposals.It gave sanction to an estimated expenditure of Rs 64.51 crore for the construction of an RCC bridge along with its approach roads on river Falgu on Gaya-Manpur road in Gaya district, said cabinet coordination department principal secretary Ravikant while briefing the media.The other RCD projects related to widening and strengthening of 12-km-long Sare-Noaawan Road and Nalanda-Islampur road, both under Biharsharif road division, at a cost of Rs 23.07 crore and Rs 95.53 crore respectively, and construction of railway-approved road over bridge (ROBs) and their approach roads at eight places in the state at an estimated expenditure of Rs 439.99 crore (state's share) were okayed.In another important decision, the cabinet approved an agriculture department proposal to increase the amount of diesel subsidy to Rs 25 per litre from the existing Rs 20 for one more round of irrigation in addition to the earlier approved five rounds of irrigation for paddy and three rounds of irrigation for maize.It means a farmer can now avail diesel subsidy at the rate of Rs 25 per litre for six rounds of irrigation of paddy and four rounds of irrigation of maize.Besides, cabinet nod was given to expenditure of Rs 17.94 crore to supply free seeds of arhar, urad, kulthi, toriya, radish and chaulai in seven districts where only 50% paddy transplantation has been reported till August 12. The government will also provide diesel subsidy for three rounds of irrigation to the crops included in the contingency crop scheme. The seven districts are Jamui, Bhagalpur, Lakhisarai, Sheikhpura, Banka, Munger and Begusarai.The cabinet also approved a general administration department's proposal to convert a total of 212 temporary posts of additional district and session judge (ADJ) into permanent posts to run fast-track courts in the state. Of the 212 posts, 183 were converted into permanent posts by adjustment against the temporarily created 219 posts of ADJ, while the rest 29 posts were made permanent against 10% of total cadre posts of higher judicial service.The water resources department's proposal for a Rs 1,799.50 crore plan for resuming works on the Eastern Gandak Canal System (Gandak phase-2) was also okayed.It also sanctioned Rs 10.50 crore as grant for the financial years 2012-13 to 2016-17 and release of Rs 75 lakh for FY 2012-13 for payment of stipend to all the agriculture students enrolled at graduate level in Rajendra Agriculture University and Bihar Agricultural University. \"A sum of Rs 2,000 per month per student will be paid as stipend and Rs 6,000 per annum for books to all the agriculture students under the Agriculture Roadmap scheme,\" Ravikant said.A panchayati raj department proposal to a Rs 1,212.37-crore scheme for construction of 1,435 Panchayati Sarkar Bhavan, one in each gram panchayat, The cabinet also approved a proposal for creation of 536 additional posts of stenos and 1,028 additional posts of clerks for the judicial officers working in the lower courts across the state.It also approved a Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes Welfare Department proposal for release of Rs 207.75 crore as grant to the Bihar Mahadalit Vikas Mission from the State Plan for financial year 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552301", "title": "'Diara areas still lack development'", "text": "Patna: Sitab Diara, a 'diara' village in Saran district famous for being the birthplace of Jayaprakash Narayan (JP), came to limelight last year again after senior BJP leader L K Advani started his countrywide anti-corruption 'yatra' from there and the state government wasted no time in providing road and electric connection to the village that had remained largely inaccessible from the district headquarters Chhapra.Major chunk of the 'diara' lands fall in the basins of Ganga, Kosi and Gandak rivers. However, there are thousands of 'diara' villages in the state, officially dotting its riverine areas in 22 districts, without road connectivity with district headquarters, electricity, formal development initiatives to boost agriculture production, as well as education and welfare initiatives for women and children.\"People of 'diara' areas have been deprived of development for years,\" said president-cum-founder of Bihar Diara Vikas Manch (BDVM), Mukesh Kumar Singh, who belongs to Patapur diara of Danapur in Patna district.\"We are reaching out to people in the 'diara' areas of the state and making collective efforts to make the government hear our pleas,\" he said.The government has a Diara Vikas Pariyojna (Diara development project) as a separate wing of the state's agriculture department, empowered to make budgetary allotments for various schemes, but the BDVM has been demanding that the government constitute either a separate diara development department, or diara development board, so that people concerned could actually reap fruits of real development.\"The schemes are framed and budgetary allotments are also made. But the works done under the diara development project require ground reality check to get the real picture,\" said Singh.As it is, 'diaras' are fertile landmass formed due to deposit of sand and silt over time in the riverine areas. They could also vanish over the next few decades due to change in the course of the main river, leading, however, to another 'diara' formation in the vicinity under the same process.Because they are also crisscrossed by tributaries of the main river, farmers concerned take to agriculture after floodwaters recede. Given the annual flood and the nature of cropping season, it provides enough way out for the misuse of government fund under the pretext of flood when, with sincere efforts, the fertile 'diara' land could yield enough to add to the state's GDP by way of agriculture and horticulture.According to Singh, the extent of 'diara' in the state is 11.76 hectares of land belonging to 22 districts, and also accounts for around 12.5% of the total areas of the state.In effect, Singh has been lobbying with MLAs and MLCs, directly or indirectly connected with the diara lands, to convince the government for forming a separate diara development department or diara development board, since there are around 75 MLAs in the state assembly whose constituencies also include such lands.The state government, however, appear to be under no hurry to oblige. \"At present, we have a diara development project to carry out development activities in focused manner. We are, of course, open to positive suggestions,\" said agriculture department principal secretary Anjani Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552297", "title": "The Karate Kids", "text": "A group of twelve-year-old girls in white cotton Gi emitting full throated 'Kiai!' is an eye-catching sight, even more so when they are in the foreground of a village school in a backward rural hamlet. When the shouts emanate from girls from the most disempowered sections of society, with a social history of economic deprivation and caste-based discrimination, they take on a quality of a catharsis, a battle cry.At the Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya (KGBV) in Barachetti, Gaya district, the students are from among the poorest in the area. Their parents are marginal cultivators, woodcutters, or 'stone-breakers', eking out an existence. Most of these girls are first generation literates.Sheela Kumari's father Dhaneshwar Ravidas and mother Bimala Devi work at a stone-crushing outfit, breaking stones into gravel by hand. She entered the KGBV in the fifth grade. The next year, she was introduced to karate, and loved it. Last year, this shy 12-year-old participated in the SMA Cup Open Championship in Singapore. She was one of the six girls chosen from government schools running 'Sabla': a karate programme for girls.The Singapore trip was beyond Sheela's wildest dreams. The thought that their daughter was being sent to another country struck near terror into her parents. Would she be trafficked? It was after a lot of persuasion from her teachers that they gave their consent. \"I was afraid, too, but my teachers said it would be all right. When I returned, my parents were very happy to see me back, and the people in my village asked me a lot of questions. Nobody had ever climbed onto a plane, and so everyone wanted to hear my story.\"Sheela, now in the eighth grade, is a peer trainer for the Sabla programme. She is one of the several enthusiastic girls who travel to other schools to train batches of girl students in the Sabla Martial Arts programme. Some 72,760 girls have been trained in 2945 Model Cluster schools over the past two financial years, and 'Sabla 'is being extended across government Middle schools.Role Models 'Sabla' is built upon an activity started in 1995 as a component of the 'Mahila Shikshan Kendra' (MSK) bridge courses run by the Bihar Mahila Samakhya Society. It was seen that bicycling and martial arts greatly enhanced the self image of the MSK trainees who were mostly women and adolescents in difficult circumstances. Several of the rural girls and women who learnt martial arts became vocal change agents and advocates for girls' education within their home communities. The Bihar government, in 2005, introduced the now celebrated 'bicycle for girls scheme' on the basis of these pioneering efforts.\"We are no longer abla (without strength), we are sabla (with strength)\" is the chant taken up by hundreds of Dalit girls. The idea of being able to protect themselves has contributed positively to their self image. These girls, with experience of being at the receiving end of physical, verbal or implied abuse, have shed timidity and become more assertive.Apart from the training and motivation, and participation in local and national camps, government sponsorship of Dalit girls for international events has given these teens new insights and wider view of the world. They acquired enhanced social value within their families, and in the wider community. The girls now yearn for better training facilities and more opportunities.Poonam Kumari participated in the Third SMA Cup Open Championship in Singapore and won a special prize. \"My father's death was a blow. After my father's death I had to drop out of school. Later, my mother enrolled me at KGBV Hisua. I started learning karate... I used to laugh when we had to make noises. Slowly, I started liking karate. Understood how we can defend ourselves from violence. I was selected and sent to the Fatuha camp. During a match, I broke four teeth of my opponent. It was not intentional. I was selected for Singapore and Malaysia competitions. My mother gave me permission and said 'don't break your hand or leg'. I won two rounds in Singapore and lost the third one. We liked everything there except for the food. They say, 'your teachers have not gone to foreign and you have been to two countries. Your family did not dream of going near an airport and you have been on a plane like a rich lady.' But I don't know what it means. I feel like a student. I am still very poor. My mother still tries her best to feed the hungry mouths at home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15551000", "title": "\u2018Nava Gadi, Nava Rajya\u2019 \u2013 a sensitive slice of life play", "text": "NAGPUR: The sweet and sour bantering of a newly wed couple always makes for interesting viewing. The packed to capacity Vasantrao Deshpande hall on Saturday reverberated to loads of laughter as the lead pair of the play Nava Gadi Nava Rajya unfolded their quirks, whims and eccentricities, giving a flying start to first of the three shows scheduled to be staged in the city.The popular play, with 280 shows to its credit, once again managed to hold the interest of the audience as protagonist Amruta and Rushi took them on an emotional roller coaster ride. This slice of life story of a newly wed couple who are grappling with the essentials of married life made for riveting viewing. The heart touching innocence combined with heart breaking standoffs between the two were scenes from everyday life. The story written by Kshitij Patwardhan is contemporary yet perennial. The on stage Puneri couple is young but the old and middle-aged in the audience identified with their troubles, misunderstandings and adjustment problems.A couple in real life too, Priya Bapat and Umesh Kamat kept their chemistry intact on stage. They were suitably complimented by Sameer Khandekar and Gyanada Chemburkar in the role of their friends.The play revolves around a single situation but the performances are so tightly knit that there is not a single loose moment or a lag on stage. The almost endearing misunderstanding between the newly weds managed to connect every couple in the audience to this story.Ahead of the show, Umesh Kamat who plays Rushi had told TOI that one word which everybody uses after watching this play is that it's very refreshing. \"Everybody after watching it learns to cherish their relationship.\"Enjoying the play thoroughly Jyotsana Pandit a homemaker said, \"Everyday situations and dialogues in a language which common persons speak bring this play very close to reality. It makes us give a second look to our relationships.\"The outfall of watching the play is not known, but in the auditorium it kept the audiences hooked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15558579", "title": "CBSE warns against use of rare/endangered plants and species", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has reminded affiliated schools that it is illegal to use rare/endangered species and plants in school laboratories and classrooms. This recent letter was a follow up of a circular sent last year.In that circular the board had asked affiliated schools to surrender preserved museum specimen of plants and animals that are rare and threatened (as per the Wildlife Protection Act 1972) to the Ministry of Environment and Forest Department.The presence of wild animals and birds being kept in captivity in schools has been noticed during visits by rights activitists, which has been viewed seriously.A committee of experts at CBSE and unanimously agreed to follow the WP Act in its spirit and the need to sensitise students towards care and protection of biodiversity.The board has warned schools and asked them to ensure that no \"threatened (rare and endangered) species of plants and wild animals including birds and insects are kept in captivity and used for classroom/laboratory study in your school\".However, understanding the need for schools to teach students about such animals and plants, the board has encouraged the use of computers and virtual specimens to study plant and animal diversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550653", "title": "We will be back soon, assure northeast people", "text": "HYDERABAD: Members of various city civil society groups on Saturday visited the Secunderabad railway station to meet homebound migrant workers from the northeastern states. The volunteers assured the workers that Hyderabad was a safe city where they could continue living without any security concern and promised to support these migrant groups in case of any trouble.The workers, who had gathered to board an early morning train to Kolkata, said that they were only returning home to pacify their family-members and promised to soon be back in the city. \"They told us that their families were extremely worried over recent events which had sparked the panic. That a lot of people from Bangalore had left for the northeast over the last few days has only added to their concerns,\" said Shashank Rajwadi, member of the National Association for People's Movement (NAPM), adding that, \"the workers did not seem scared about living in Hyderabad. In fact, they all want to come back once their families are convinced that they are safe here. They all sounded positive\".Over the next few days, civil society groups have decided to routinely make rounds of the railway station and appeal to the migrant population to stay put in the city. Plans to visit residential pockets with a significant presence of those from the northeastern communities were also on the cards, they said. \"We are in talks with the police department that they may help us organise these visits. Our idea is to request those living in these neighbourhoods to be cordial with those from the northeast that they may feel at home here,\" said VBJ Chelikani Rao, vice-president of the Forum for a Good Governance.Rao stressed that such 'friendly' gestures would have a better impact than assurances given by political leaders and administrators.\"There have been no instances of any violence so far. When we spoke with the workers at the railway station, even they admitted that they had received no threat calls or SMSs asking them to leave the city. It is only because of the unrest back home that they are being forced to return,\" said Neeraj Sahu, member of the India Against Corruption (IAC) group that was at Secunderabad station on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15546087", "title": "Review: Sony Xperia P smartphone", "text": "NEW DELHI: At first glance, the Xperia P looks like a compact version of the Xperia S. However, we realised very quickly that it's much better in terms of build quality and overall aesthetics.Unlike the larger Xperia S, it has unibody construction with a matte finish rear. The trademark transparent strip at the bottom has capacitive buttons for back, home and menu. This is unlike other Xperia phones where the buttons were actually placed above the transparent strip, leading to confusion in operating the device.The 4-inch display features Sony's WhiteMagic technology and Mobile Bravia engine. Sony claims, and we verify that the screen really does have one of the best whites we have seen in a phone and that too with remarkable sharpness across the entire screen. However, there is a flipside \u2014 the black levels are no so great. Most of the time, the blacks look more like a shade of dark grey \u2014 more apparent while viewing videos and photographs.The phone's performance across apps and multimedia usage is smooth thanks to the dual core processor. However, even with 1GB of RAM, it did struggle with multitasking. The phone currently runs Android 2.3 with a planned upgrade to Android 4.0, expected within a few months.The Xperia P feels lacking in the still camera and battery life department. Even though the phone has an 8MP autofocus camera with image stabilisation, the image quality is disappointing. Other than the images shot outdoors in sunlight, there is visible noise in each image, even with ample light. The full HD video recording is a saving grace with excellent image quality and great sound.In the battery department, the 1,305 mAh battery struggles to last a full day with constant data connectivity \u2014 disappointing for a phone at this price. Another issue that might turn away potential buyers is the nonexpandable storage \u2014 you're stuck with 16GB. The phone does offers USB on-the-go support for added storage, but the adapter cable is not included in the box.We think that even though the Xperia P looks complete, it feels expensive and lower value compared to the Motorola Atrix 2. The Atrix 2 has a larger display, dual core processor, 1GB RAM, expandable storage and a larger 1,785 mAh battery. And it's cheaper than the Xperia P, priced at Rs 22,990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15558012", "title": "Karnataka ready to set up relief camps for safety of northeasterns: Home minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Delegations from northeastern states have started to visit Karnataka to take first hand information and urge the government to ensure safety of their people living here.After delegations from Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, representatives of Nagaland government met deputy chief minister incharge of home R Ashoka on Sunday and urged him to provide security for their people.Power minister Doshehe Y Sema and parliamentary secretaty incharge of social welfare Chotisuh Sazo spoke to Ashoka for more than half an hour and got know the measures taken by the Karnataka government on exodus of northeast people. Lauding the efforts of the state government, the delegation called upon Nagas settled in Karnataka to learn local language and culture and freely mingle with the local people. They also appealed the Nagas, who have fled Bangalore on fear psychosis, to return to Bangalore as it would send wrong message and add to the confusion.Sema also invited Ashoka to visit Kohima as good will gesture and instill confidence among the Nagas to return to Bangalore.Reiterated that there was no truth in rumours of attack on northeast people in Bangalore, as police was geared up to provide elaborate security, Ashoka appealed the parents not to panic and send their children back home to Bangalore. About 30,000 people have so far reportedly fled the city, but since Saturday the number has come down.On Saturday, Arunachal Pradesh MP Takam Sanjoy and Congress leader Likha Maj met the home minister to get the first hand information on the exodus from Bangalore. Ashoka assured the delegation that government was ready to set up a relief camp by renting out convention halls and provide free food and lodging to the people of northeast, especially students, studying in various colleges in Karnataka, if necessitated. Arunachal Bhavan deputy resident commissioner K N Damo was also present.Besides assuring re-examination and relaxation in attendance for northeastern students who have already fled the city, the home minister promised to allot a piece of land in Bangalore for constructing Arunachal Bhavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15553127", "title": "Loyola School, Junior Carmel College to represent Steel City in creative meet", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Loyola School and Junior Carmel College will represent the city in the regional level English Creative Writing Competition to be held in Ranchi on August 30. The promising creative writers of the two noted schools earned ticket to the regional meet following their win in the ICSE/ISC inter school creative writing competition hosted by the Hill Top School in Telco on Saturday.In the senior category, Oindrilla Chowdhury of Loyola School and Niharika Singh of Carmel Junior College qualified for the regional meet whereas, in the junior category Varun Nayar of Loyola School and Anwesha Sinha of Carmel Junior College qualified for the same.The zonal meet that was held at multipurpose hall of the host school, witnessed 25 ICSE schools participation in the event.A total of 38 students, 21 in the junior level and 17 in the senior level, participated in the meet. The students of class nine and ten were grouped in junior category while 11 and 12 standard students were clubbed under senior category.The event was judged by Sinchita Roy Chowdhury and Rimjhim Bhattacharya, for junior section, and Monica Uppal and Lalita Sareen, for the senior section. The regional level competition in the state capital will be hosted by Bishop Westcott Girl's School, Doranda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550616", "title": "Street dance, jazz events dominate Day 2 of Malhar", "text": "MUMBAI: St Xavier's College was teeming with thousands of enthusiastic students on day two of its fest, Malhar, with the extravagance of the event clearly on display. With genres as diverse as dance, music, drama, food, fashion and photography to choose from, the campus was abuzz with people and excitement throughout the day.\"We had expected a huge crowd on the second and third days of the fest, but the numbers have far exceeded our expectations. We stopped frisking people before letting them enter the campus because crowds outside were getting restless and our volunteers got tired after frisking the first few thousand students,\" said Tanvi Sambrani, one of the volunteers at Malhar 2012. Workshops on food, coffee painting and dance were held on Saturday.The day started with a jazz dance competition, followed by the Hindi band event, fashion show, quiz and much more. One of the hot favourites at Malhar every year is the fusion music event and entry to the main auditorium had to be restricted keeping in mind the huge crowd on campus. However, the street dance event held in the foyer of the college campus stole the show on Saturday. \"This event always pulls the most number of entrees and it becomes a task to handle the crowd every year,\" said another Xavierite.With 13 groups making it to the final round of the street dance competition, cheering and hooting went on for the next two hours, till the last of the groups had finished dancing.\"The dancers transported us to the streets with their routines. I make it a point to attend Malhar every year,\" said Aditi Pandya, an FYBA student from another south Mumbai college. The last event for the day was the Amateur Night.On Sunday, the last day of Malhar 2012, more workshops, music and dance events will be held for students. The highlight of the day would be 'Jashn-e-Qawwali', a qawwali event introduced for the first time this year. Ultraviolet light dancing and the band event are other programmes to look forward to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15550537", "title": "Two bookies arrested", "text": "Two bookies were arrested by the Oshiwara police from a housing society on Saturday. The accused, Vijay Kumar Singh and Mohan Singhal, were accepting bets on Sri Lanka Premier League matches. Two laptop and six mobile phones were recovered from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "15551396", "title": "Peace meets in South Goa; cops \u2018a call away\u2019", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: In a bid to allay the fears of northeasterners working in the state, the South Goa administration held peace meetings in some parts of the district on Saturday.In the North too, Panaji police met with the owners and staff of establishments known to hire northeasterners, and provided them with the phone numbers of officers to be contacted in case of an emergency or for assistance.Down South, the Margao police registered an offence against unknown persons for circulating an SMS/MMS thereby inciting communal tension.Speaking to STOI, South Goa collector N D Agarwal said, \"We have assured the people that the district administration will take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of all communities in Goa. We have urged them to maintain communal harmony.\"The peace meetings were held at Vasco, Margao and Quepem. SP Allen de Sa said representatives of all communities who attended the meetings assured the police of their cooperation.Police have urged northeasterners not to believe any rumours about threats to their lives and to report to the nearest police station if they feel insecure.An attendee of the meeting in Panaji said the police have asked employers to calm any fears of their northeastern employees and to inform them that there is no threat in Goa.KRC and South Western Railway sources said there was no unusual increase in rail passenger traffic in Goa to indicate an exodus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550910", "title": "Matrimonial cruelty spoken about only in family: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: While declining a criminal appeal of a man and his mother, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has observed that the \"matrimonial cruelty often occurs inside the secrecy of the house\". \"The case of matrimonial cruelty is normally disclosed to the known people and, only near and dear relations of the victim,\" the single-judge bench of justice Ashok Bhangale said while upholding the Gadchiroli sessions court verdict.The lower court had convicted Prashant Puttewar along with his mother Shalutai and sister Rajani, all residents of Chamorshi in Gadchiroli, for abetting the suicide of his wife Rekha on February 8, 2004.They were found guilty under Section 498A and 306 of IPC. Rekha was allegedly harassed by her husband and in-laws for not bringing a dowry of Rs1 lakh. On the night of her death, the accused persons had called her parents with their demand. Fed up with the harassment, Rekha committed suicide by hanging herself.After Rekha's mother filed a complaint at Chamorshi police station, the lower court sentenced Puttewars to rigorous imprisonment and also imposed a fine on them. Aggrieved with the decision, they filed an appeal at Nagpur bench, challenging the conviction.The high court rejected petitioner's arguments that all the witnesses were from Nagpur and were not aware of the real reasons for her suicide. \"One cannot always expect presence and knowledge of the independent witness of such crime, particularly in modern day's society, so as to expect him/her to voluntarily come forward to give statement and to depose in a case,\" the judge added.Coming on point of instigation, the court stated that it is to goad, urge forward, provoke, incite or encourage doing \"an act\". To satisfy the requirement of instigation, though it is not necessary that actual words must be used to that effect or what constitutes instigation must necessarily and specifically be suggestive of the consequence, yet a reasonable certainty to incite the consequence must be capable of being spelt out.\"The present one is a case where the appellants had, by their acts or omission or by a continued course of conduct, created such a situation for unfortunate Rekha that she was left with no other option except to commit suicide. In such a case, instigation may have to be necessarily inferred from the evidence led,\" Justice Bhangale said, before dismissing Puttewars' appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552630", "title": "Exodus of northeast people: Migration hits Central Business District pubs, restaurants", "text": "The Central Business District was hit hard after the exodus started on Wednesday night. Many shopping centres and pubs reported a major dip in their northeastern costumers. Businesses owned by people from the northeast community were also affected, and some even shut down.Owners of a prominent northeastern joint on Rest House Road said they are already thinking of closing down business, as there are no costumers and many of their employees also have left. One of the workers said: \"We are still open with the hope that everything will be under control, but if we see any sign of trouble, we'll pull down the shutters.\"Pub owners in the city said although there is no significant dip in business, the number of people frequenting pubs and eateries has come down. \"We do have our daily customers coming in, and there is a minor reduction. But we are taking a beating in the hospitality section, I had to close down one of the departments in one of the pubs as there were no cooks,\" said Ashish Kothare, a pub owner.Basic services in hotels and hospitals , which were handled by people of the northeast community, continued to suffer. Salons and security services were left with no option but to cut down business.An employee of a beauty salon on Brigade Road said they had to turn away customers beyond a point as they were left with no employees from the northeast. \"This is the first time we had customers but no staff. We could not entertain all our clients as we were left with a few local staff,\" said an employee.Vishwanath V Katti, chapter chairman of Central Association for Private Security, said the numbers are dropping in security services as well. \"We are losing 7%-8 % staff every day. On Friday, I lost 100 staff members. On Saturday, it rose to 140. As for the staff still working, we are trying to place them in safer places and keeping them inside the premises with low visibility,\" he said.Hospitals are not hit too hard by the exodus, though. \"We have only one nurse from the northeast states on our staff. She has been on leave for the past two days, but our work has not been affected. The students in nursing colleges, on the other hand, have stopped attending classes. We have 20 such students in our nursing college,\" said Dr Ajith Benedict, vice resident, medical administration, Hosmat Hospital. Dr George D'Souza , chief medical officer, St John's Hospital said: \"All the nurses in our hospital have been attending work. Also, students from northeast states in our college are attending classes as they are safe in our hostel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "namakkal", "code": "15551598", "title": "Man killed over Rs150 in Namakkal", "text": "NAMAKKAL: A brawl over just Rs 150 between friends ended in murder of one of them as one person smashed the other's head with a stone, in Kuamarapalayam near here.According to police, the victim G Pandiyan, 45, from Madurai and K Sakthivel, 32, from Erode, were working in a bamboo shop in Kumarapalayam.Both planned to have a drink on Friday evening. As they didn't have money, Sakthivel borrowed Rs100 from the shop owner's mother. Pandiyan also asked for Rs 150 but she refused to give him money. Sakthivel intervened and managed to get money for Pandiyan also. Both went to Tasmac shop and had liquor. Later, they went for a movie in a nearby threatre. \"While returning home Sakthivel wanted Pandiyan to give back the money which he had borrowed from the woman. As he refused to return the money they quarreled over the issue and it ended up in murder,\" the police said.In a fit of rage, Sakthivel attacked his friend and smashed his head with a stone. He died on the spot, the police said.As the local residents informed the police, they rushed to the spot and arrested Sakthivel. He has been remanded in judicial custody. Pandyan's body was sent to Kumarapalayam Government Hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15553735", "title": "MLA waited till police lowered guard", "text": "At 12am - Saturday - Kanda's brother Govind arrived at Ashok Vihar police station and began talking to the media . \"He is a great man and is being implicated . He has helped the poor and needy , and financially assisted poor families get their daughters married . He is going to appear before police and join investigation shortly . He was not absconding but just using his right to seek judicial help , as there was an imminent threat of arrest by Delhi Police ,\" he said .Govind criticized Delhi Police ,saying it had illegally picked up their close relatives andwastreating Kanda like a terrorist . \"We have approached the court in this regard and it has sought an explanation from police .\"However , a rude surprise awaited Govind as police drew him inside and arrested him . Kanda's nonplussed supporters reacted by shouting slogan soutside the policestation ,but the news of Govind's arrest also left the MLA in a fix as he did not know what charge had been pressed against his brother . Police explained later that they had arrested Govind asthebrothers had been declared proclaimed offenders in a case of check bounce .As the night wore on without any sign of Kanda , anxious cops redoubled their efforts to catch him with intensive vehicle checks. Between 12.30am and 2.30am, Gurgaon border , Dhaula Kuan , Azadpur , Ring Road and Outer Ring Road were under tight surveillance . All luxury cars and SUVs were scanned thoroughly . But alarmed by his brother's arrest , the wily Sirsa MLA managed to foil police's plans .Arriving at a transport depot in Shalimar Bagh , he sought shelter at a nearby banquethall andcontactedhis lawyers . Sources said K and a left Shalimar Bagh around 3.30am in a Maruti Esteem for Keshavpuram in northwestDelhi .There ,he gotinside a news agency's Eeco van. At 3.50am, when cops started removing the barricades from outside the Ashok Vihar station , a smiling Kanda stepped out of the media van in a neat striped shirt . The cops had no choice but to escort him .\"I have comeon my own to join the investigations . I was not hiding ,\" Kanda said as the SHOs of Keshavpuram andBharatN agar escorted him inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15551476", "title": "Railway women celebrate Teej", "text": "Allahabad: A Staff Teej Dhamaka for women was organised at Culrav Club in Railgaon Colony here. The programme was organised under the auspices of North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization.Women staged different cultural programmes in tune with the festive atmosphere of Teej. Rachna Parihar was adjudged Mrs Teej Queen, Usha Maurya was declared the first runner up while Soni Sinha was declared the second runner up.On the occasion, president of North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization Chitragandha Johri congratulated all the women who participated in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15558275", "title": "John Lennon's assassin set for 7th parole hearing", "text": "John Lennon's killer Mark David Chapman, could have his seventh parole hearing, as early as Tuesday, it has been revealed.New York Department of Corrections spokesperson, Linda Foglia said that Chapman is scheduled to be interviewed by the members of the parole board this week and that they would make a decision by Thursday or Friday, Channel 24 reported.Chapman had shot the legendary singer in December 1980, outside the former Beatle's Manhattan apartment building.He was sentenced in 1981 to 20 years to life in jail after pleading guilty to second-degree murder.Chapman had been transferred in May, from the Attica Correctional Facility in western New York, to the nearby Wende Correctional Facility, both of which are maximum security.Chapman had been denied parole for the sixth time in September 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550727", "title": "Call data record leak accused gets bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: IND Bharath Group of Companies chairman K Raghu Rama Krishna Raju, who is the prime accused in Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director VV Lakshminarayana call data record (CDR) leakage case, was granted anticipatory bail by the Nampally criminal court on Saturday.Additional public prosecutor B Yugender Rao said Raju, a close relative of Congress MP KVP Ramachandra Rao, was granted conditional bail by the sessions court. He was asked to provide two sureties of Rs 20,000 each.The judge however, rejected the anticipatory bail pleas of the other accused - MIC Electronics managing director MV Ramana Rao and telecom department deputy director general K Hanumanath Rao. Similarly, Narasimha Shastry, an employee of IND Bharath who had earlier moved an anticipatory bail plea though he was not declared an accused, was also denied bail. Earlier, Crime Investigation Department ( CID) officials informed the court that all the accused were absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553584", "title": "AC unit soon in Mysore Zoo", "text": "MYSORE: Back-to-back deaths of abandoned animal cubs in captivity have forced Mysore Zoo to try something innovative to save them.Authorities plan to set up an air-conditioned facility at its health unit following advice by health committee members. Cubs may not adjust to the varying temperature suddenly when they are hand-fed and to maintain a steady temperature when they're under the care of vets, authorities thought of this hi-tech facility.Depending on its success, a similar facility will be created at Bannerghatta Zoo in Bangalore, said Zoo Authority of Karnataka chairman M Nanjundaswamy.Mysore Zoo, which has been the best breeding centre in India, recently witnessed deaths of animal cubs of African hunting cheetah and tiger. Cheetah cubs succumbed to a rare disorder while three tiger cubs died within two days after being abandoned by their mother.Authorities were worried after an Asiatic lioness, which delivered a cub late July, abandoned it. It was her first pregnancy. The cub became very weak but seems to be recovering. Vets are trying their best to save the cub for the past three weeks.Nanjundaswamy told STOI they planned to convert a small room into a hi-tech care centre. Two compartments will be created and work will be completed in two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15550967", "title": "Water cuts are here to stay", "text": "PUNE: Water cuts in city could become a year-long scenario if the monsoon proves inadequate.According to the state irrigation department, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will have to continue water cuts if reservoirs providing water to the city are not filled to capacity.As of Saturday, reservoirs of the four dams (Khadakwasla, Temghar, Varasgaon and Panshet) had 21.72 (74.50%) TMC water against the total storage capacity of 29 TMC.\"Things will turn critical if monsoon withdrawal goes dry. Pune city and parts of district dependent on dam water will have to manage their requirement within the limited quota of 22 TMC water. Every year, Pune draws around 15 TMC water from dams. Last year, the city used 15.90 TMC water and about 14 TMC was used for agriculture in rural areas. If rains continue to play truant, water quota for the city and irrigation purpose will have to be cut down,\" a state government official told TOI.With around 10% water cut enforced from March 1, the city has been receiving water supply once a day, in the mornings.PMC water department head V G Kulkarni said the civic body has no immediate plans to withdraw water cuts. \"Further steps will be taken as per directions from the irrigation department,\" he said.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had recently said that rural Pune cannot be deprived of water because of the growing needs of the city. \"The state government is of the view that the city and rural areas should get their stipulated quota of water. The irrigation department cannot impose cuts on water for agriculture because the city is using excess quota. If the storage in dams remains around 22 TMC, Pune city will have to maintain a restrain on supply and use of water,\" said a state irrigation official. If the dams are filled to their capacity, city can resume regular water supply.Every year, the water quota in the dams is reserved till July 15. Considering the last few years' experience, the PMC has been asking the state to reserve the yearly quota till August 31. However, the state irrigation department in its proposed contract of water supply has said the Maharashtra Krishna Valley Development Corporation will provide 11.5 TMC water to Pune city every year. The civic body has to manage within the given quota and make a time table so that water could be reserved till August 30. The irrigation department says it cannot afford to give more water to Pune city as the farmers have already been complaining about excess use in cities.The administration is working on a plan to make use of the Peshwa era water duct from Katraj lake to the city for non-drinking purposes. Quality tests showed that the water is not potable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15551294", "title": "Ponda MLA initiates steps to clear town garbage", "text": "PONDA: Stating that the Ponda municipal council (PMC) is not capable of clearing garbage piling across the town, Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar on Saturday initiated measures to lift the garbage from the town.Mamledar revealed that he has hired two trucks, an excavator and 16 labourers to clean the town and the work would continue as and where needed. Mamledar could not categorically state who would pay the charges for the machinery and wages of the labourers. The expenditure for the endeavour would come to around 10,000 to 15,000 per day, he said.\"We have started work to clean the town and money matters can be decided later,\" Mamledar told ToI.Pradeep Naik, chief officer of PMC, welcomed the move. He said the civic body could bear the expenditure of the work as the garbage was generated in the town and the MLA is helping to address the issue.Admitting that the council had witnessed strong opposition from villagers whenever it tried to dump its garbage, and that some vehicles of the civic body laden with garbage were damaged by agitating villagers, the chief officer opined that if the MLA is working for the cause, then it's a good move.When asked where the garbage would be disposed off since the PMC has no permanent place to dump the large quantities of garbage, the MLA revealed that a councillor has taken responsibility to dispose it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15550889", "title": "Silver Birch fancied", "text": "PUNE: Following his impressive show in the Bangalore Summer Season, Pesi Shroff's Silver Birch emerges as natural choice for F D Wadia Trophy (Grade 2), the feature event of the Pune races, to be held on Sunday. Manyatta and Neona are his main rivals.There are 10 races on Sunday and first start at 12.30 pm.Selections1. Star Wish Plate: Bat Yam 1, Lola 2. 2. Waves Of Glory Plate-Div-II: Stormy Princess 1, Tell Me More 2. 3. Her Majesty Trophy: Star Of Gibraltar 1, Native Knight 2. 4. Evatina Plate-Div-II: Starsonboard 1, Snow Flake 2. 5. Dr. K Vasudevan Trophy: Red Baron 1, Knighton 2. 6. Evatina Plate-Div-I: Smart Strider 1, Fireheart 2. 7. F D Wadia Trophy (Grade 2): Silver Birch 1, Manyatta 2. 8. Waves Of Glory Plate-Div-I: Theology 1, Reinstate 2. 9. Sea Ruler Plate: Act Of War 1, Angel Crown 2. 10. Aurora Aurealis Plate: Purple Moon 1, Sweaty Betty 2. Day's best: Act Of War", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "15551451", "title": "Peace meets in South Goa; cops \u2018a call away\u2019", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: In a bid to allay the fears of northeasterners working in the state, the South Goa administration held peace meetings in some parts of the district on Saturday.In the North too, Panaji police met with the owners and staff of establishments known to hire northeasterners, and provided them with the phone numbers of officers to be contacted in case of an emergency or for assistance.Down South, the Margao police registered an offence against unknown persons for circulating an SMS/MMS thereby inciting communal tension.Speaking to STOI, South Goa collector N D Agarwal said, \"We have assured the people that the district administration will take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of all communities in Goa. We have urged them to maintain communal harmony.\"The peace meetings were held at Vasco, Margao and Quepem. SP Allen de Sa said representatives of all communities who attended the meetings assured the police of their cooperation.Police have urged northeasterners not to believe any rumours about threats to their lives and to report to the nearest police station if they feel insecure.An attendee of the meeting in Panaji said the police have asked employers to calm any fears of their northeastern employees and to inform them that there is no threat in Goa.KRC and South Western Railway sources said there was no unusual increase in rail passenger traffic in Goa to indicate an exodus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552779", "title": "Man held for molesting Australian tourist", "text": "Chennai: Police arrested a receptionist in a Pallavaram lodge for misbehaving with an Australian tourist on Saturday .Lacey Burner , 32 , complained that Vijay , the receptionist , misbehaved with her while she was about to checkoutof thehotelon Saturday morning . Police soon arrested the 26-year-old.Police said the receptionist went to Burner's room asif inspecting it after her belongings were taken away to the reception by the room service staff and misbehaved with her.When Burner shouted for help , Vijay tried to escape . But a few residents in the lodge nabbed the man. Burner , who is in the city as part of a tour of the country , is accompanied by her husband Aird Lachlam , 35 . She came to the city a week ago and they were to leave for Bangalore . The Pallavaram police have registered a case .timeschennai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15558068", "title": "Doctor saves 98-year-old through technically advance wrist angioplasty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Mohali based hospital on Sunday announced that it had successfully saved the life of 98 year old Nasib Singh Dhillon, through a technically advanced and complicated wrist angioplasty. The intricate and complex procedure was conducted by Dr R K Jaswal, director, Cardiology.Giving details, Dr Jaswal said, \"The patient came in a very critical state. He had suffered a heart attack and his heart had stopped beating for some time because of this. The attack had damaged the natural pacemaker of the heart and blood flow to the vital organs had been severely compromised. Further complicating the case, he was a diabetic.\"Talking about the options available for treatment, Dr Jaswal said, \"In this age group, cardiac interventions are at high risk because of bleeding and cardiac complications. If we had gone by the conventional method, we would have needed to operate through the artery in the groin, with added risks and chances of further complications. Instead, we decided to conduct an angioplasty through the wrist, which is also called the Radial Artery. This procedure is a lot more technically challenging than a groin artery procedure, but it is very good for the patient. The procedure was completed in 30 minutes.\"Advantages of transradial angiography and stentingPatient can walk immediately after angiography and angioplasty through the wrist In conventional approach through the thigh artery the patient has to lie down straight without moving his/her right leg for 8-24 hours.Patient can sit up and feed himself/herself. In conventional method patient has to drink water or eat food lying down flat in the bed which is extremely uncomfortable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552038", "title": "MP Cricket Association (MPCA) Poll: Members Hold Late-night Meet To End Strife", "text": "INDORE: Ongoing fight between chairman Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy' and secretary Sunil Bajaj has turned Yeshwant Club into a political playground. The two are at loggerheads ahead of the MP Cricket Association (MPCA) poll slated for August 26.An emergency meeting of the managing committee of Yeshwant Club was convened at the club late in the evening to sort out the issue, said an insider. The meeting was convened by the chairman to discuss the issue of voting in MPCA elections.All the nine members of the committee were present in the meeting. The chairman, Pummy, proposed during the meeting that as the club was getting a bad name due to the ongoing tussle between the chairman and secretary of the club over a single vote for the MPCA polls, hence it would be better if the club doesn't vote at all. The club has a singly vote in MPCA elections in its capacity as institutional member.The decision to do away with the voting for MPCA will be in the interest of 1,5000 strong members of the club, he proposed. Though the secretary of the club, Bajaj agreed to the point, still he said that it was he who should decide on the matter.Bajaj said that he will take a call on whether the club should vote for the MPCA poll only after he gets a reply from the registrar, firms &amp; societies, Bhopal on his letter demanding the right to participate in the voting.While Pummy is supporting union minister of state for commerce and industry, Jyotiraditya Scindia during the forthcoming MPCA's chairman election, minister for industry and information technology, Kailash Vijaywargiya, is backing secretary, Sunil Bajaj to participate in the MPCA voting on behalf of the club.Interestingly, the office of registrar, firms and societies falls under the industry department of the state which is headed by Vijaywargiya who is backing Bajaj. There are 73 members of the club who are also members of MPCA. Scindia will be arriving in the city for a four-day visit to campaign for the poll.A senior member of the club, requesting anonymity, said that there are already a number of groups among the members of the club that are active under various alumni banners. These include Daly College, Medical College, St Pauls School and banners of various industrial bodies.While chairman Paramjit Singh Chhabra 'Pummy' is supporting Union minister of state Jyotiraditya Scindia, state minister for industry and IT, Kailash Vijaywargiya is backing secretary, Sunil Bajaj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15552973", "title": "Social networking turns photography into \u2018convenient art\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: The art of photography is no more limited to professional photographers in this age when even kids roam around with mobile phones equipped with sophisticated lenses. On August 19, people around the globe celebrate World Photography Day and this year,TOI meets a few photographers from the city, who fail to part from their cameras and the passion they have for capturing moments in images.The advent of social media has provided a new dimension to the practice of preserving images and sharing them. These amateur photographers of the city have been gathering online fans for the pictures they have posted in the past few months or years. Most of them had picked up the camera as a hobby, but every picture helped them discover new practical lessons of the art, which involves a critical participation from light. Some of them are even serious about their interest and do not bother investing in it. The simplifications in technicalities of producing a photograph and the social networking revolution have helped every person become a photographer and get praised for his work. The ones who are most famous on the portals like Facebook include a world renowned photographer too in the form of Rakesh Syal, an acel lensman who is a gift to the city. Syal is known for his inner distinctions over dimensions, textures and light. \"I picked up the camera in 1975 going by my instinct and never looked back as the enormous layers in the world of photography fascinated me. I am not a genius but just play with lights and colours to make usual objects look extraordinary in the captured moment,\" says industrialist turned photographer Syal, 62, a BRS Nagar resident. Harnavbir Singh Arora, 24, is among the young brigade of photographers who have discovered their calling in photography. The BRS Nagar resident, who has a fan following of 12,260 on a social networking site, says, \"I document the lives of people from various cultures and love capturing distinct expressions. I like the images that speak for themselves and tell a story. Some of my work has been selected by a modeling agency and has received acclaim on social networking websites.\" Sector 39, Chandigarh Road resident Kulbeer Arora says he is a sketch artist who found a camera while looking for the pencil he lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552013", "title": "Bombay hospital turns to DNA test", "text": "INDORE: After the confusion over the parenthood of a female child, in Bombay Hospital on Friday the hospital has now decided to conduct a DNA test to resolve the issue. Paediatrician of Bombay Hospital, Dr Rakesh Shukla said, the incident took place when the patient Anita Chaudhary who was admitted to the hospital delivered a baby, who died the same morning, but the parents refused to accept the fact and staked claim on another baby born a few days back.When Anita and her husband Dinesh Choudhary were informed about the death of their baby they refused to believe it and staked claim on another baby in the ward, who was delivered four days back. This led to confusion among the hospital staff.Shukla said, \"Anita was 34-week pregnant and critical with high blood pressure when she was brought to the hospital. So, it became necessary for us to perform a C-section on her.\" It was after a while post delivery, that the child died, he said.\"The child was 6-week premature, and very frail, we asked the parents that the child need to be put on ventilator along with some injections to be saved. But her parents had some financial issues and ignored our advise.\" Dr. Shukla also added that, \"I also advised the parents to go to some government hospital if they had financial constraints.\"The parents of the baby being claimed by the Choudhary couple, hail from Shajapur while the mother of the baby after delivery is in ICU. The family is scared after the Choudhary's staked claim over their baby. \"They are under fear that their child would be forcibly taken away.\"The hospital authorities have also filed a police complaint against the Chaudharis and are also going to conduct a DNA test \"We have sent the samples for the DNA test of the dead child and her parents, the reports shall be with us in ten days.\" Dr. Shukla told TOI.The hospital authorities have also filed a police complaint against the Chaudharis", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557820", "title": "Bangalore brain behind Indian GP trophy", "text": "If the trophy for the first edition of the Indian Formula One Grand Prix - a Qutub Minar replica designed by Jaipur craftsmen - was all about showcasing the country's glorious past, the second chapter of Formula One's tryst with India will see drivers compete for a more contemporary trophy with a touch of tradition.Tasked with the responsibility of blending old and new in the form of F1 silverware was Bangalore-based designer Michael Foley .\"F1 is interesting as it combines multiple aspects of sport, technology, entertainment and youth, so we re-looked the way in which the trophy has to be designed,\" Foley told TOI on Friday. \"We combined key sensibilities of F1, India and that of the title sponsors and we found youth to be the common ground for inspiration. We built the trophy as an icon that connects with youth, something they will have a strong affinity towards,\" he said.The MD and chief designer of FoleyDesigns, Foley had previously designed the 2010 Commonwealth Games baton. This time, the National Institute of Design alumnus came up with an aesthetic interpretation of a modern cup for the Airtel Indian GP , with fine machining of the present and craftsmanship handed down the ages.The trophy makes use of new-age materials like aircraft-grade aluminium as well as relying on traditional ornamentation. Mirror-finished internal surfaces and a matte-and-stainless steel outer finish with red enamel markings make it appealing while the Ashoka Chakra is subtly embedded as the base foundation.\"The Chakra can be seen only when the trophy is lifted up. The red-coloured abstract image which graces the top and bottom of the outer part of the cup is that of an ancient victory procession. We have also played with India's flag colours in an interesting way,\" said Foley, adding the saffron, white and green hues come alive with the mystique of reflections, representing the \"vibrant dynamism of India.\"Bangalore-based Foley, 41, created 20 different designs before the final one was picked. His team, along with a sister-concern, took concepts forward through a series of processes which detailed and engineered each idea. The conceptualization stage lasted over a month and the final trophy in production now.\"The trophy will be ready in the first week of October while the race in New Delhi is on October 28. This project has given us a great opportunity to do something on a global scale. It has provided us a great platform to express ourselves,\" said Foley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553622", "title": "Batla link in Pune blasts, 3 identified", "text": "New Delhi: Investigators have said they have identified the three main accused involved in planting the low-intensity bombs in Pune on August 2. They have been identified as Dr Shahnawaz, Mohammad Sajid alias Bada Sajid and Abbu Rashid. All three are active members of Indian Mujahideen (IM) and part of the 2008 module. They come from Azamgarh in UP.Sources said the prime eyewitness, a bicycle shop-owner, was shown various sketches based on the descriptions given by him, of suspects in Pune blasts as well as photographs of some IM members. He identified from sketches and photographs the two IM members\u2014Dr Shahnawaz and Sajid Bada. The Ateef Ameen group module of 2008 - one of the biggest modules of IM - still has 13 absconding members.Sources said that Pune has traditionally been the hub of IM activity where recruits from UP, Karnataka and Maharashtra are trained by one of IM's founder members, Talha. Cops believe that the module lay low after the Batla House encounter allowing the Darbhanga model to take centre stage. Out of the three, though, Rashid was not present in Delhi when the Batla encounter took place.The special cell has questioned acquaintances of Shahnawaz and Baba Sajid in the city. The UP ATS along with the NIA and Maharashtra ATS have been working in tandem across six states to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551623", "title": "Police told to trace 6,000 missing people in six months", "text": "JAIPUR: Pulling up the state police again for their inaction in the cases of missing people in the state, the high court has asked them to trace nearly 6,000 such people within six months and submit an action report. These persons have gone missing in the state over the past eight years as per police records. A majority of these unfortunate people include teenage girls and boys who are feared to have fallen prey to human trafficking gangs.The police will submit a report on how many people they traced after six months when the matter would come up for hearing, lawyers said.The petitioner, Krishna Kukkad of Anti-Social Activities Prevention Society had alleged in his petition, filed in February, that a total of 10,000 people had gone missing in eight years as per the information on the ZIP-NET website maintained by police departments of several states including Rajasthan.\"However, the police said that less then 6,000 people had gone missing in this period. They have made several arguments regarding the efforts made by the department to trace these people,\" said petitioner's lawyer AK Jain.The lawyer said that court has asked the state government to trace these people in six months. \"The police have been asked to apprise the court of the action taken in tracing these people after six months,\" Jain added.The petitioner had alleged that except lodging missing persons report in a casual manner, nothing has been done seriously to find out the real story behind such large number of missing persons by the state authorities.\"The present state of affairs reminds us of Nithari case', where many children were reported missing. However, they were found kidnapped and then murdered by one person just below the nose of Noida police in Uttar Pradesh,\" said the petitioner\"One may wonder as to what happens to those children who go missing. Do they fall victim to the child adoption rackets or child kidnappers who would force them join the army of beggars or prostitutes? The percentage of missing children who remain untraced is consistently on the rise in the state,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551010", "title": "State bodies to get new heads", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress has plans to decide appointment of political heads of various state-run corporations under its control. A Congress functionary said the plans will be finalized in the next eight to ten days.Political appointments are made for the posts of chairman and directors of 53 state-run corporations. The important ones include CIDCO, MHADA, Mumbai slum board, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board and Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15557176", "title": "West Bengal truckers associations wants state govt to take steps to solve their problems", "text": "KOLKATA: The Federation of West Bengal Truck Operators Associations will be waiting to see what steps the state transport department takes to solve their problems before taking their next step of action. The members said that they have been facing quite a few problems for which they had earlier decided to start holding an indefinite strike from August 21. They said that the government was not taking any initiative to stop overloading in trucks and that the transport department was illegally collecting revenues from truckers for overloading of goods.Secondly the truckers and the truck owners were facing much problem to get or renew their licences and also to sell their vehicles if necessary due to the new rules that the motor vehicles department have introduced.More over, the truckers are being harassed by the police. Trucks could not enter into the city and in Howrah without the 'One Day Police Card' and the police often asks for money from the truckers, failing which the truckers are often penalised, they complained.The issue of bad condition of the state and national highways is also a very important issue. \"More than 70 kilometer of stretch in North Bengal is in very bad state and the truckers are facing tremendous problems to ply on these stretches. This is also causing road accidents. \"We will again sit and discuss on these issues after September 15 following which we will decide on our next course of action whether we will start on our indefinite strike call,\" said Association secretary Satyajit Majumder.The association combined has about 2.27 lakh trucks all over the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551094", "title": "Bulk SMS ban hits pre-paid services", "text": "MUMBAI: A government directive to telecom operators, asking them not to allow cell phone users to send more than five SMSs or MMSs at one go over the next 15 days not only failed to check spread of threats to people from the northeast but also ended up creating a communication hurdle for many consumers in Mumbai on Saturday.Many had no problem sending as many SMSes as they wanted to at one go while many, especially pre-paid customers, were barred from sending more than five SMSs during the entire day. \"I was unable to send even a single SMS through the day,\" said Avanti D'Souza, a bank employee.One of my friends could not send more than five different SMSes to different people at different times of the day during the last 24 hours. Is there a cap of sending only 5 SMSes in a day and not more than that?\" asked Avanti D'Souza, a bank employee who works in Fort.There were no easy answers. Many telecom operators themselves seemed confused about the government order. A Vodafone message to pre-paid subscribers said: \"There's been a restriction on sending more than 5 SMSes a day as per government recommendations.\"But several other telecom operators told TOI that due to 'technical constraints' they could not implement the directive for all their post-paid consumers. But for a chunk of pre-paid consumers, it could be implemented, albeit with certain difficulties.\"For bulk SMSs sent by telemarketers, such a directive can be implemented. But blocking such a facility for every single consumer is a technically difficult task. The telecom industry is yet to acquire any such mechanism,\" said an official.Amid the confusion, hundreds of consumers faced congestion in their networks. Interestingly, most of the harassed people who called up the TOI office to clarify about the network issues were pre-paid customers.Officials with different telecom operators expressed surprise over the ban order, pointing out that the government was aware of the technical difficulties in implementing such an order and should have taken a decision after consulting the operators.However, some officials claimed that the problem could be due to congestion; it was unlikely to have had anything to do with the implementation of the directive.Confusion among telecom operatorsBut many other telecom operators told TOI they could not implement the directive for all their post-paid consumers due to 'technical constraints'. But for a chunk of pre-paid consumers, it could be implemented, albeit with certain difficulties. \"For bulk SMSs sent by telemarketers, such a directive can be implemented. But blocking such a facility for every consumer is technically difficult,\" said an official.Scores of consumers faced congestion in their networks. Most of the harassed people who called up the TOI office to clarify about the network issues were pre-paid customers.Officials with different telecom operators expressed surprise over the ban, saying the government was aware of the technical difficulties in implementing such an order and should have taken a decision after consulting the operators. Some officials said the problem could be due to congestion; it was unlikely to have had anything to do with the the directive's implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553850", "title": "19-yr-old accused of raping minor, held", "text": "Gurgaon: The Sushant Lok police have arrested a man for allegedly raping a minor after abducting her. According to the cops, a resident of Indira colony had lodged a complaint with Sushant Lok police on August 16. In his complaint, he alleged that 19-year-old Anoop Singh had abducted his 15-year-old sister, who is a student of Class 10. Police began their investigation and questioned the minor's classmates. On Friday, the police found the girl in the Cyber Park area and also managed to trace Anoop, who was arrested from near the HUDA City Center metro station. The victim, in her complaint, told police that Anoop had abducted and raped her. A medical examination was conducted on the girl, following which she was handed over to her family. The accused was brought before the court which has remanded him in 14 days' judicial custody. \"We will produce the victim in court for her statement under 164 Crpc after receiving her medical examination report,\" said Ramavtar, the investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552338", "title": "Women campus hires power IT workforce", "text": "BANGALORE: In a landmark for the IT industry, maybe for most industries, IBM India has this year hired more women than men during its campus recruitment. This is significant because it's happened in an industry where mass recruitment is the norm.Of the campus recruitments done by IBM India till June, 52% were women \u2014 a quantum leap from the 38% in 2011 and 32% in 2010. IBM doesn't disclose the numbers it hires, but large IT companies in India have hired over 30,000 people in recent years. Of these, about 70% have been campus hires.Of the 265 engineers SAP Labs India hired this year, 42% are women, up from 34% last year. For Cisco India, the figure is 22% this year, down from last year's 25%, but significantly higher than 16% in 2010.The significant jump in the number of women hired by leading IT firms is remarkable especially because, as IBM's recruitment leader for India Vardanahalli A Rangarajan notes, the average admission of women across engineering colleges in India is just 18%. Most companies have been working with placement cells in colleges to achieve these high numbers.IBM says a major reason is awareness about facilities offered to women employees. \"Our flexible work policies, the workfrom-home option, the ability to customize working hours are big attractions,\" says Kalpana Veeraraghavan, diversity manager in IBM India.Rangarajan says IBM has many women role models, including CEO Virginia Rometty.SAP Labs targets the few women's engineering colleges, including the Cummins Engineering College, Pune, and Meenakshi Engineering College, Chennai. It also conducts an online recruitment test for women across all engineering colleges on International Women's Day. \"It's for women doing computer science and with a CGPA (Cumulative Grade Point Average) of about 8. This year, 3,000 took the test. We flew in over 200 women to Bangalore for the final interviews, and selected 45,\" says Anil Warrier, director for staffing, SAP Labs.For the past five years, Cisco has been organizing every year a programme called Girls in Technology, where about 100 engineering graduates are invited to the company's campus in Bangalore and exposed to the labs, work environment and culture.Protima Achaya, Cisco's lead for scaling services staffing in Asia-Pacific and Japan, says flexible workhours and excellent creche facilities are big attractions . \"The number of women who join Cisco after this programme has been increasing every year. Such recruits tend to stay on for long,\" she adds.Accenture doesn't disclose its women recruitment numbers. However, a spokesperson told TOI: \"We have exclusive campus engagement programmes for women. We have Diversity Zones, a campus event which talks about several aspects of working at Accenture. Students get an opportunity to interact with senior women leadership and young achievers, who share their experiences about working at Accenture and how they are able to manage the work-life balance.\" At HCL Technologies , the overall percentage of women is almost 25, but the campus recruitment percentage is only 12. However, Srimathi Shivashankar , AVP for diversity and sustainability, says the percentage has been steadily rising and HCL has women-focused recruitment drives.It's increasingly acknowledged that diversity at the workplace is not only good in itself, but also has a profound influence on the operations of an organization. \"Numerous studies show that increasing gender equality enhances productivity and economic growth. The best ideas flourish in a diverse environment, and companies benefit from accessing female talent,\" Shivashankar says.Adds IBM's Kalpana Veeraraghavan : \"When you mirror external reality at the workplace, employees feel more at home, and they behave more naturally. And that environment enables us to access a lot more talent.\" At IBM, the overall percentage of women still remains about 28%, but the most recent initiatives suggest that the number could quickly rise to the ideal 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555186", "title": "Jiiva endorses Dish TV", "text": "Actor Jiiva has been roped in as the brand ambassador for Dish TV. He will be endorsing the service provider in its southern market. In fact, he recently did a photoshoot for the same in Mumbai.Jiiva said, \"I am excited to be associated with India's and in fact, Asia's leading DTH. I look forward to being a part of Dish TV family. Dish TV is a strong, well reputed brand and is known for its customer centric approach. I am delighted to be working with Dish TV\".Venkateish, Chief Executive Officer of the brand, said, \"We are also glad to announce our association with upcoming superstar Jiiva. Dish TV and Jiiva shares common values like trendsetter, versatile, synergic and have strong mass connect.\"Interestingly, the product is being endorsed by King Khan Shah Rukh in the north!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551484", "title": "Students union election: Undertrial too casts vote", "text": "JAIPUR: The students union election has managed to bring everyone to the campus-- from enthusiastic voters to unruly supporters. This include an undertrial in Jaipur central jail who was accused of murder.Accompanied by two armed guards, Vikram Beniwal (25) was looking jubilant while entering the university. He did not shout any slogans but flashed his identity card before voting. Beniwal is a final year student of law college and wishes that some day he will be able to argue his own case for acquittal.Most were awestruck and whispers started the moment he walked into a polling booth in the Law College. Beniwal, after coming out, said: \"I am a student of IIIrd year, Law College. Hopefully I will take up my case through my legal knowledge some day,\" he said.Like an enlightened voter, he said: \"I think whoever becomes president or general secretary of the students union, he or she should emphasize on the need to safeguard the rights and interests of the students at large. I hope the candidates I have voted would win.\"Beniwal had cast his vote last year also as he had got permission from the court.Before leaving, he said he would keep himself updated on the results from the jail authorities. \"After voting, it becomes necessary to know how many have been elected out of the candidates I have cast my votes. I will certainly be able to know who won the battle.\" He was also seen waving to a few of his former classmates who identified him. The jail administration said Beniwal is a native of Jaat Ki Sarai village in Hindaun city of Karauli district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15553310", "title": "Kalindi bridge worn out, needs repair", "text": "Noida: The Kalindi Kunj bridge has been the site for massive traffic jams for over a decade. Experts say the bridge has not been strengthened to keep up with the traffic volume. While the central verge on the narrow bridge is crying out for repair, rubble strewn on the road impedes traffic flow.The SP government had given repair work on the bridge top priority, but no work has been carried out yet. Officials of the UP irrigation department said they have already applied to the Noida Authority to sanction funds for the repairs. They claimed the work should begin by August or September.They said the bridge was constructed almost 25 years ago, and was designed to handle only 10,000 vehicles. At present, the bridge is used by over a lakh vehicles every day.Experts said the bridge needs to be revamped, so that it can handle the increased traffic flow. As a majority of the vehicles going over the bridge are heavy vehicles, the damage to the road is even more.\"Those who don't want to use DND Flyway take this route as well as those travelling from Greater Noida to Delhi and inter-state commuters. A number of trucks and other heavy vehicles use this route, increasing the wear and tear,\" said P K Sikdar, former director, Central Road Research Institute. The irrigation department had claimed that the bridge will be revamped in June. Officials said the plan included widening of the bridge along with the much needed repair work. However, it is stuck in red tape.\"The plan was put on the back burner due to a change of guard at the department,\" an official said on condition of anonymity.However, the department laid the blame on the Authority's door, saying the money for repairs has not yet been sanctioned. \"We have applied to the Authority for the money. Once we get it, we'll start the work. It doesn't make sense to start work immediately due to the monsoon,\" Rajeshwar Singh Yadav from the department.Yadav said he joined the department only in June and was not aware of any earlier plan for repairs.aniruddha.ghosal@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553610", "title": "Trader shot at in Walled City", "text": "New Delhi: A 63-year-old trader was injured after a man opened fire on him in the Hauz Qazi area. The victim, Mahender Kumar Gupta, is the owner of a hardware unit. He was returning home with his son in a rickshaw when the incident took place around 7.45pm on Friday.According to the victim's son, Ashish Kumar Gupta (34), the duo closed their shop at 7.40pm. They were carrying the day's earnings, over Rs 40,000, in a briefcase. \"As usual, we had taken a rickshaw to the New Delhi station, where we park our car. We were passing by the Shahtari lane close to Ajmeri Gate when I saw the accused \u2014 around 25-30 years of age, well-built and wearing shabby clothes \u2014 walking towards us. He pointed a country-made pistol towards my father. I tried to wrench the weapon from him, but he managed to take an aim. My father was hit near the jaws and started bleeding. The accused ran towards Chawri Bazaar without snatching the bag. I called the cops and took my father to LNJP Hospital in an auto,\" said Ashish, the key witness. The Hauz Qazi police have registered a case of attempt to murder.Police are not sure if the attack was only a case of robbery. \"The fact that the assailant did not even try to loot the money, nor did he wait for the victim to put up resistance before he shot at him, indicates personal enmity,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15552872", "title": "Mulayam predicts SP-led 3rd front government at Centre in 2014", "text": "LUCKNOW: Claiming that his party could come to power at the Centre, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday said the present political equations indicate that both Congress and BJP would not be able to get a majority in the 2014 general election.He hinted that third front could form a government.\"The present equations indicate that both the national parties\u2014 Congress and the BJP\u2014 would not be able to get majority and in many states it is the third front which appears to be winning,\" the former chief minister said.Uttar Pradesh would play an important role in the coming elections and it is the responsibility of SP workers and leaders to help the party win 60 seats, he said.By winning maximum seats in the Lok Sabha , party would maintain its upper hand, he said adding that \"it could also come to power at the Centre.\" He asked party cadre to maintain decorum and help find solutions to the problems faced by the people.\"The workers should behave properly and become a partner in resolving problems of the common people...if the image of the party and the government remains good, it will gain confidence of the people,\" Yadav was quoted as telling his workers in a party release.Asking workers to remain prepared for the 2014 LS elections, Yadav said the people of the state have given a historic mandate to the Samajwadi Party which has stunned the entire nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551153", "title": "Four lakh stolen from two Satellite shops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The thieves targeted western city parts again on Friday night and targeted two shops near Shivranjani Crossroads. The thieves decamped with cash and jewellery worth Rs 4.37 lakh.According to Satellite police, Tarun Shah, a resident of Dhananjay Towers in Satellite, owns Modern Jewellers at Maruti Arcade near Shivranjani Crossroads. Shah went to his shop at 11 am on Saturday when he noticed that his shop's shutter was broken from the middle and thieves had decamped with valuables. He informed police and took stock of the goods.\"The thieves stole gold and silver jewellery and cash, all worth Rs 3.42 lakh from his shop. Owner of Light Inside, the adjoining shop on the same floor, also reported break-in where the thieves used the same modus operandi and stole Rs 95,000 kept in a drawer,\" said a Satellite police official.Investigators said that while both the shops had CCTV cameras installed, they were not functioning when the incident took place and thus they have not got any footage of the incident.\"This may be the handiwork of the gang active in the city for the past one month. They probably use the car jack to bend the shutters from the middle to gain access to the shop. So far, we have only got CCTV footage in break-ins on CG Road where two persons were spotted,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "khedaitola/ nadia", "code": "15551305", "title": "Last of the charmers: The hiss dies out at snake fair", "text": "KHEDAITOLA/ NADIA: The 5-foot-long cobra flares its hood unexpectedly and lunges at a boy, who had got too close in his excitement to take a picture. Fangs bared, the snake strikes. The terrified child recoils. The snake rears again. It's two seconds of terror.Handler Sanjoy Mal, who is chatting on his cellphone, nonchalantly swats the snake on its hood and it slinks back into its basket. The boy is still shaking.Sanjoy shakes a fist at the boy and shouts: \"Porte jabi ne keno? Tor baper ki tel kol ache! Bari fire tor chamra tule dug-dugi bajabo, aar kotha baras ni\". (why aren't you in school? Do you think your father has an oil mill! I'll give you a hiding if you don't attend class).\"The spectators look confused. Sanjoy's outburst has deadened the buzz. Somewhere, another cobra hisses.The 28-year-old snake charmer smiles at the audience: \"Chheleda mote kotha shone na, aaj ami bari nei sei sujoge seo porte jay ni...\" (My son is a bit truant. He runs away from school at the slightest chance).\"What Sanjoy doesn't tell them but admits in private is that he does not want his son to run around snakes. He may be one of the last of his kind.At the annual snake fair in Bishnupur, locals tell you that there are fewer snake charmers every year. The serpentine dirt track that crawls through lush green fields is dotted with little round shaped baskets, each containing a venomous snake. There are a few pythons as well.An elderly man in the huge crowd walking towards a Manasa temple (the snake goddess) at Khedaitola says: \"There are only half as many snake charmers as last year. Will there be any next year?\" Sanyasi Biswas, from adjoining Bishnupur village, says he is a regular devotee at the fair. \"At this rate, this fair will vanish,\" he said.Noor Md Seikh, busy counting coins thrown at the snakes by devotees murmurs: \"Ebhabe din chole na, lukie lukie kaj kora, forester voye. Ekaj loke korbe keno? more geleo chhele pile ke a kaje anbo ni..\" (How will we survive on this paltry earning, hiding from forest officers... We'd rather die than bring our children to this profession). Noor, from Guma in North 24-Parganas, is determined to send his only daughter Batasi to school. Noor's wife nods.Wildlife protection laws make it illegal to capture or display snakes, saving many species from extinction. Very few snake-catcher tribes have been allowed to continue with their traditional profession \u2014 but only to support venom-extraction for medicines. Snake charmers, on the other hand, are liable to be prosecuted.Dipak Mitra, an expert on snakes, thinks that with the sharply declining numbers of snake charmers the society is losing a rich cultural heritage and also a delicate art of animal handling.The bare-hand technique of capturing snakes is the safest for the animals, he says. Sticks and prongs injure the snakes. \"A rib can easily break or the snake can have internal bleeding leading to an infection,\" he said.The next generation will only read about the life and traditions of the snake charmers in Tarashankar Bandyopadhaya's 'Nagini Kanya'. Writer Sunil Gangopadhyay thinks that with the changing times, the extinction of this profession is unavoidable. Snake protection laws are justified, he says. \"Snake charmers better start switching to other professions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552451", "title": "Atta Galatta: A book house that spells class", "text": "The three-storey building that houses Atta Galatta, a unique bookstore and performance space, stands out for its eccentric beauty even in a row full of other lovely and gracious homes. In a quiet Koramangala lane, where not all the trees have been chopped off to make wider roads, five oaks stand guard in front of this house; in fact, in its earlier avatar, the house itself was called 'Five Oaks'.Today, it has been transformed into a lovingly designed bookstore that specializes in Indian books in several languages and a cozy performance space that has already been attracting young artists, authors and performers in need of welcoming cultural spaces in the city. The ground floor of the building is earmarked for a bakery and cafe , and will be up and running soon, assures Subodh Sankar \u2014 one half of the couple that owns the building and runs Atta Galatta with pure passion.Till two years ago, the Sankars made their home in the older house that stood on the site. Then they had to move to a different part of the city, and decided to use the space to create something that Lakshmi had always wanted: a bookstore. \"Initially we thought we would use the older structure but we realised that wasn't going to be practical, plus it didn't have space to fit in all the ideas we wanted,\" explains Lakshmi during a tour of the house. The Sankars then decided to tear down the old building and build it anew using sustainable methods. Most of the old wood, tiles, steel and door and window frames were reused. The couple's vision of a green, earthy space that blends in with its surroundings was realised by architect Sundeep Nagraj from the Center for Vernacular Architecture, which specializes in culturally relevant, sustainable building.Every corner of Atta Galatta has been crafted thoughtfully, keeping beauty and functionality in mind. The stairs that take you into the building are lined with colourful athangudi tiles from Chettinad, and the top floor has a balcony converted into a reading area with those warm tiles at your feet. \"We wanted the building to look like a public space. There is no compound wall and the stairs are outside and accessible to anyone from the road,\" says Lakshmi.The bookstore with its unique Indian twist has about 12,000 titles in English, Kannada , Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam, as well as many in English translations from other languages such as Bengali. It has a well-stocked children's section as well \u2014 the only one with books by non-Indian authors.Is there enough business in Indian books to sustain Atta Galatta? Yes, says Lakshmi. \"We thought about it for two years and we realized that if your store is just about keeping books on shelves, online booksellers will kill you. So we decided to create an experience centred around reading,\" says Subodh. \"We get people who engage with these books. We've had people enquiring about old Tamil and Kannada books that are not easy to find elsewhere. What we don't have are 'footfalls' , that marketing term beloved of mall managers , but almost everyone who walks in buys a book,\" says Subodh, emphasizing 'footfalls' with strong air-quotes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15551423", "title": "NCRWWO imparts quality edu to kids", "text": "Allahabad: North Central Railway Women Welfare Organisation (NCRWWO) is conducting many educational and health related programmes for the welfare of the railway officers and employees. The programmes are being conducted under the leadership of NCRWWO president Chitragandha Johri.The organisation has opened a school, Vikalp: Ek Prayas, which provides education to children of poor and labourers. A colourful programme was organised on the Independence Day where children showcased their cultural talent. Though earlier about 60 children were enrolled in this school in 2011 now the number of children has increased to about 144 this year. NCRWWO president Chitragandha Johri has stressed on providing quality education to children. She also distributed prizes to the children.Further, the members of NCRWWO visited the North Central Railway Central Hospital and distributed fruits and sweets to the patients. They also gave gifts to newborns and their mothers in the maternity ward.Secretary of North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization Neelam Varshney, office bearers Madhulika Mathur, Afshan Kabir, Shobha Agarwal, Priti Kumar, Chavi Gupta, Poonam Mathur, Neera Shukla, Ritu Gupta, Sushma Saxena were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556687", "title": "Vijay Kumar, Yogeshwar Dutt to get Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna", "text": "NEW DELHI: An unprecedented 25 sportspersons will be conferred with the Arjuna awards this year, while the country's highest sporting honour -- the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna -- will be jointly presented to Olympic medallists, shooter Vijay Kumar and wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt.The choices were made by a selection committee headed by 2004 Olympics silver-medallist shooter Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore and comprising noted sportspersons such as Akhil Kumar (boxing), Khajan Singh (swimming), Baichung Bhutia ( football ) and Ravi Shastri (cricket).Pistol shooter Vijay Kumar won a silver in the 25m rapid fire event at the London Olympics, while Yogeshwar bagged a bronze in 60kg free style event.\"Normally only one award of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna is given every year to an individual sportsperson. However, the Scheme provides that this condition can be relaxed in exceptional circumstances viz, winning of an Olympic medal,\" the Sports Ministry said in a statement announcing the final list of awardees.Cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who is preparing to stage a comeback after recovering from a rare germ cell cancer, is among the 25 sportspersons, who have been picked for the Arjuna Award.Hockey mid-fielder Sardar Singh, wrestler Geeta Phogat, and Narsingh Yadav, shooters Annu Raj Singh and Omkar Singh, shuttlers P Kashyap and Ashwini Ponappa, archers Deepika Kumari and Bombayla Devi are among Arjuna Award winners this year.\"...for the Arjuna Awards, normally not more than 15 awards are to be given in any calendar year. However, the Scheme of Arjuna Awards also provides that keeping in view the performance of Indian sportspersons in the Commonwealth, Asian Games and Olympic Games during a particular year, Arjuna Awards exceeding 15 in number may be allowed with proper justification and approval of the Minister for Youth Affairs &amp; Sports,\" the Ministry said.\"The Selection Committee noted that 2012 is the Olympic year and India has won 6 medals in the London Olympics, which is country's best performance in Olympic Games, and recommended that the condition of one award in case of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and 15 awards in case of Arjuna Awards may be relaxed and the number of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award may be increased from 1 to 2 and Arjun Awards may be increased from 15 to 25.\"Apart from a medal and a citation, Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Awardees will receive a cash prize of Rs 7.5 lakh each and Arjuna Awardees will receive statuettes, citations and cash prize of Rs 5 lakh each.The awardees will receive their awards from the President of India at a function at the Rashtrapati Bhawan on August 29.The final list: Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award - 2012: Vijay Kumar (Shooting) and Yogeshwar Dutt (Wrestling).Arjuna Awards 2012: Deepika Kumari (Archery), Laishram Bombayla Devi (Archery), Sudha Singh (Athletics), Kavita Ramdas Raut (Athletics), Ashwani Ponnappa (Badminton), Parupalli Kashyap (Badminton), Aditya S Mehta (Billiards and Snooker), Vikas Krishan (Boxing), Yuvraj Singh (Cricket), Sardar Singh (Hockey), Yashpal Solanki (Judo), Anup Kumar (Kabaddi), Samir Suhag (Polo), Annu Raj Singh (Shooting), Omkar Singh (Shooting), Joydeep Karmakar (Shooting), Deepika Pallikal (Squash), Sandeep Sejwal (Swimming), Ng. Sonia Chanu (Weightlifting), Narsingh Yadav (Wrestling), Rajinder Kumar (Wrestling), Geeta Phogat (Wrestling), M. Bimoljit Singh (Wushu), Deepa Mallick (Athletics - Paralympics), Ramkaran Singh (Athletics - Paralympics).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551123", "title": "Octogenarian photographer recalls tryst with history", "text": "AHMEDABAD: His fingers might be frail and his memory might be giving him tough time every now and then, but Suresh Soni, 84, now living in Nikol, vividly remembers how he held the camera for the first time and how he developed his first prints.Soni, a city-based photographer who participated in a number of national and international photography competitions, recounts on World Photography Day how he self-taught photography and rubbed shoulders with the giants of that era.\"I was 18 in 1946 when I first stumbled upon the photographs of people in Ahmedabad. I was working at a goldsmith's shop as per the family tradition, but something caught me unawares and before I could understand, I got attracted towards the art of photography. I used to start from home for the jewellery shop, but would go to a photographer in the walled city as an assistant to spend the day there. I was caught soon but even then I kept on pursuing the art,\" Soni recounts.Along with other photographers, he started thronging Chhatrapati &amp; Co., a reputed name in photography developing in the city. After watching the developers at work with chemicals in the dark room, the young Soni tried to imitate them at home with used prints but failed miserably initially. \"I learnt from my mistakes and was able to make my own makeshift darkroom with minimal instruments. Watching the developed prints was like magic,\" he says.What was the most memorable moment in his 30-year long career? \"In those days, TF Gety, a Parsi photographer, was a name to reckon with. Once when his usual developer was not available, he gave me the prints and suggested me the composition. I studied the photos and dared to give an alternate composition that he liked immediately. It was a high point for a rookie like me,\" says Soni who has conducted a number of exhibitions of his photographs in all over the country and also participated in competitions abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "manglore", "code": "15557121", "title": "Southwest monsoon weak in majority districts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGLORE: Rainfall was widespread in four districts; fairly widespread in three; scattered in three; isolated in 18; and negligible in two in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. South West monsoon was active in one district; normal in 12; and weak in 17 districts. Heavy rain was recorded in two districts; rather heavy rain in six; moderate rain in 14; light rain in six; and very light rain in two, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned 24-hours is considered as scattered 26% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Nitiru gram panchayat in Hosanagara taluk of Shimoga district recorded maximum rainfall of 78.5mm in the above mentioned same period. Widespread, rather heavy to heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Dakshina Kannada, and Chikmagalur districts.Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Shimoga, Ramanagar and Uttara Kannada; scattered, no to moderate rain in Hassan, Haveri and Bangalore Urban; isolated, light to rather heavy rain in Bellary, Koppal, Bangalore Rural, Gulbarga, Chamrajanagar, Yadgir, Mandya, Belgaum, Bidar, Davangere, Bijapur, Chitradurga, Raichur, Tumkur, Gadag, Kolar and Mysore. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 19 has recorded deficit rainfall of 31%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 612.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 425.4mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 19, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 5.9mm, a deficit of 32%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551135", "title": "Brain opened, ideas unlocked", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mukesh Patel (47), a clerk, faced a curious crisis. His job required that he do paperwork for eight to ten hours, but he couldn't hold a pen, leave alone writing. He struggled with this disorder known as 'writer's cramp' for the past decade. On Saturday, inside an operation theatre, he wrote three full papers while undergoing brain surgery.This was the country's first thallatomy, performed at Sterling Hospital in the city by leading stereotactic and functional neurosurgeon Dr Paresh Doshi, along with neurosurgeon Dr Parimal Tripathi and neurophysician Dr Sudhir Shah.A thallatomy is a surgical procedure which destroys part of a large oval area of gray matter in the brain which acts as a relay center for nerve impulses. The thalamus is an essential part of the nerve pathway which controls intentional movement. By destroying tissue at a particular spot on the thalamus, the nerve signals that cause the problem are interrupted.\"This is the first such procedure performed in India. We put a lesion in the voa nucleus of the thalamus, which is the central part of the brain, to treat the problem. Initially, a test lesion was made to check that we were not damaging the brain,\" said Dr Doshi.With his head fitted in the stereotactic equipment, doctors performed an 'awake surgery' where Patel followed their commands and even filled up three sheets of paper to demonstrate, while still on the table, that his problem had been successfully treated.Patel struggled with writer's cramp for 11 years. As he couldn't grasp a pen in his right hand and his shoulder would get elevated and fingers twisted, he learnt to write with his left. In the last three years, his left hand was affected too. \"This set alarm bells ringing. While he was apprehensive of brain surgery for a hand problem, he relented because he still has long years of employment ahead of him,\" said Dr Doshi, who said that this surgery can treat tremors as well.Many doctors, musicians who play instruments with their hands and painters suffer from this problem, which can be surgically addressed, Dr Doshi said.Doctors performed an 'awake surgery' during which the patient followed their commands and even filled up three sheets of paper to demonstrate, while still on the table, that his problem had been successfully treated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15552912", "title": "9 death penalties wrongly imposed: Ex-judges to President", "text": "NEW DELHI: They are on death row even after the Supreme Court admitted \u2014 not once but thrice \u2014 that the decisions awarding death sentences had been rendered per incurium (in ignorance). The miscarriage of justice has prompted 14 retired judges of the SC and high courts across the country to appeal to President Pranab Mukherjee to turn the capital punishment imposed on nine persons into life sentence.Led by former SC judge P B Sawant, the 14 retired judges signed up separate letters to the President pointing out that the death sentences given to these nine persons by various two-judge benches of the SC were \"contrary to the binding dictum of rarest of rare\" propounded in the 1980 five-judge bench verdict in Bachan Singh vs State of Punjab.The Bachan Singh prescription of weighing the circumstances relating to \"the crime as well as the criminal\" before pronouncing a death penalty was disregarded for the first time in 1995 in Ravji Ram Chandra vs State of Rajasthan where a two-judge bench ruled that it was \"the nature and gravity of the crime but not the criminal, which are germane for consideration of appropriate punishment in a criminal trial.\"The Ravji approach of focusing on the aggravating circumstances (namely, the crime) at the expense of the mitigating circumstances (namely, the criminal) served as a precedent to at least six judgments, leading to the hanging of Ravji in 1996 and Surja Ram the following year. The erosion of the rarest-of-rare doctrine was finally decried by the SC in 2009 in Santosh Bariyar vs State of Maharashtra, followed by two more such correctives in 2010 and 2011. Earlier this year, the then President, Pratibha Patil , accepting the then home minister P Chidamabaram's recommendation, commuted the death sentence to life in two of the seven cases, which had been guided by the Ravji verdict rather than the Bachan Singh verdict.Responding to a campaign launched by human rights lawyer Yug Mohit Chaudhry, the 14 retired judges, who include five former chief justices of HCs, wrote to the President to commute the capital punishment in the remaining five cases involving nine persons. The appeals from the retired judges were sent to the President on Friday. With the change of guard in the home ministry, all pending mercy petitions from death penalty convicts are due to be considered afresh by the new home, Sushilkumar Shinde.In their appeals, the retired judges took pains to clarify that none of the cases in question involved crimes against the state. Further, the concerns raised in their appeals have nothing to do with the larger debate about the desirability of retaining the death sentence.\"Rather they pertain to the administration of the death penalty in a conscientious, fair and just manner,\" the ex-judges said. \"Executions of persons wrongly sentenced to death will severely undermine the credibility of the criminal justice system. This matter goes to the very heart of our Constitution because it involves the taking of lives by the state on the basis of judgments admitted to be erroneous by the Supreme Court.\" Those who signed these unprecedented appeals also include Justices A P Shah, B A Khan, Bilal Nazki, P K Misra, S N Bhargava, B H Marlapalle, B G Kolse-Patil, Hosbet Suresh, Prabha Sridevan, K P Sivasubramaniam, Ranvir Sahai Verma, P C Jain and Panachand Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "15553546", "title": "Shimoga airport misses deadline", "text": "SHIMOGA: The ambitious greenfield airport at Shimoga has missed another deadline. The airport was initially scheduled to be completed in 2010. But the deadline was pushed to July 2012. With the airport having missed this one too, it is now hoped that the project will be completed by 2013.The airport is being constructed at Sogane village, 10km from the city, on 778 acres of land, 75% of which belongs to the government and the remaining land is private.The project's progress has been affected due to various reasons, but the district administration is hopeful that they will be able to meet this deadline. Work is in progress on the 3.4-km runway. The KPTCL has agreed to shift the 6-km high-tension power line which passes near the runway.The shifting of power lines is estimated to cost Rs 25 crore, which includes Rs 4.93 lakh for a survey to find alternate routes for power lines. The work includes identification of land and installing towers before laying power lines. The director general of air safety has asked the district administration to reduce the height of all the chimneys on nearby industrial establishments as a safety measure and ban the construction of new buildings within a 4-km radius around the airport. Accordingly, deputy commissioner M V Vedamurthy directed municipal and urban development authorities against permitting such constructions.Regional Airport-Holdings International, promoters of the Shimoga airport, said with the completion of the Gulbarga airport, all the required machinery will be shifted to the Shimoga airport to expedite the construction work.Deputy chief minister and district in-charge minister K S Eshwarappa warned officials about the slow pace of work and urged them to speed up the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550739", "title": "Marathon to cover Hyderabad heritage sites on September 23", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP Tourism and Hyderabad 10K Run Foundation will hold the second edition of 'Hyderabad Heritage Marathon', which will take runners through the heritage sites of the city, on September 23. The marathon will be held as part of World Tourism Week. While the marathon will have runners who will cover 42.195 km, the half-marathon will be 21.152 km long. The run will start at Chowmahalla Palace and end at the Qutub Shahi Tombs. The run is measured and accredited by the Association of International Marathons and Road Races and is aimed at creating awareness about distance running, fitness and the need to preserve and promote Hyderabad's rich heritage.The event will cover heritage locations such as Charminar, Mecca Masjid, HC, Osmania Hospital, Mozamjahi Market, Public Gardens, AP Legislative Assembly, Ravindra Bharathi, Hussainsagar, Secretariat, Taramati Baradari and Golconda Fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15558562", "title": "Play 'Inside you, outside me' all set to hit the stage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The members of city based Theatre Group, Adya Rangacharaya, are all set to stage an English Play 'Inside You, Outside me (Listen! Oh Janmejaya)' under the direction of Harmanpal Singh.The play is about the variance between the virtues - Experience, Enthusiasm, Desire and Strength, personified by an old man, a young man, a young women and a common man on stage. They take pride in advocating their individual virtues. But at the end find these virtues futile in the actual settings. This play also depicts corruption prevalent in the society and how people exploit others for their personal gains. Human nature and its facets, good or bad, have also been touched in this play.A parallel has also been drawn with post-Mahabharata era when Mahabharata was narrated to king Janmejaya - great grandson of Arjun and today's time where Surtadhaar is telling the story of these four characters to the leader of the society. \"\"As in Mahabharata, the leader of the society, the king Dhritrashtra is blind and his charioteer Sanjay tells and shows the incidences to him, here the modern Sutradhaar divulges the real pattern of life to the leader who is confused and does not have any lucidity about what is going on. The play ends with the note that blind leaders should not be followed blindly,\"\" said teh director of the play Harmanpal.The play would be staged in Punjab Kala Bhawan in sector 16 Chandigarh on Tuesday, August 21 at 7.00pm. The entry would be free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555562", "title": "An aspirant\u2019s guideline to stardom", "text": "Neeta Shah, a chartered accountant by profession, was bitten by the Bollywood bug early in life. She entered the Bollywood Dream Factory with wide, wondrous eyes, slogged for a few years and then smartened up. In her first book, Bollywood Striptease, she tells young aspirants what to do, and what NOT to do. We let her speak... So, you've landed in Bollywood. Congrats, but now what? If your strategy was to just be all over the place in your best clothes and make-up, hoping to get discovered, forget it. That almost NEVER happens. 1 Find the right contacts and connections and get to where the right action \u2014 read audition/casting \u2014 is happening. Contact in this industry is of prime importance. It helps you get to the right place at the right time, thus avoiding wastage of time with the wrong people. Without the right connections you'd be like Alice in Wonderland \u2014 very exciting but mostly lost, and unproductive. 2 Never make your passion your bread and butter. At least, when you are starting off. It should rather be your jam and honey, so that you don't compromise/use short cuts just to survive. There is a big difference between compromising for the lead role and compromising for paying your next month's rent. 3 Always put your money where your mouth is. If somebody offers you nothing in monetary terms in return for 'the role of a lifetime,' forget it. A role that's worth no money in a film with a director nobody is ready to put money on, won't make for a great break! Do it only if you believe in the tooth fairy and flying pigs. If the role is that great someone would have bothered to fund it. So either it's you or it's the film that is supposed to launch you, that is not being taken seriously.It's very likely that the project would not even be completed because a film, which has nothing at stake, is no one's top priority. 4 Equality of the sexes finally... not only Jane but now John too gets an opportunity to sleep his way to the top. So Guys BEWARE... if you have been asked out for a late-night-meeting, don't think you are going to bond over beers and talk about work and chicks. YOU are probably the chick. 5 Ummm... NEWS FLASH.... It's not just your hot body that the vultures are after. Many would be just as, or even happier, to take your money in return for a fake casting call, audition or even to cast you in the project funded by you. Dimaag ki batti jalao....dhoka mat khao. 6 It's important to have a cut-off date while chasing your dream... the only thing sadder than an ageing actor, who still wants to play a college boy, is an ageing wannabe actor, who is still auditioning for a college student's role. Decide on a time frame to remove the greasepaint and bow out gracefully, rather than become a joke and get booted out. 7 It's good to be focussed but don't wear blinders. You may have come here to be an actor but acting may not be the only thing you excel in. Bollywood is a Dream Factory, with multiple opportunities to be in the spotlight. Try direction, designing, writing, etc... don't limit yourself. It's always good to be open to other options while waiting for your dream to work out. Getting a break as an actress is sometimes easier if you are already a part of the industry playing other roles, like assistant director, designer or production assistant... 8 Talk is cheap and you will be surprised at how many 'Bol Bachchans' you will encounter in random coffee shops and shady offices.It doesn't take Einstein's IQ to figure out that if someone has so much time to sit and talk about your dream, then he probably doesn't have anything else to do. Hardly the sort of person who would be doing anything constructive even for himself, leave alone for you. 9 Never mix your professional and personal relationships... if one fails, the other is automatically doomed. 10 Last but not the least, don't be so focussed on your goal that you alienate from people around you. Your friends , family and loved ones are not distractions but your pillars of strength in this Big Bad World Of Bollywood. (As told to Purvaja Sawant)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15553371", "title": "Councillor does a volte face, rejoins BJP", "text": "VADODARA: The induction of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) councillor and VMC standing committee member Prafullgiri Goswami seems to have only embarrassed the Congress. On Saturday, Goswami joined the BJP again.Goswami had joined the Congress on Wednesday and was inducted into the party during the Independence Day celebrations at the headquarters of the city unit of the party. He had said that he was uncomfortable in the BJP as some persons were trying to put hurdles in his works and not allowing him to function properly. He had claimed that he had raised the issue in the BJP too, but to no avail.On Saturday, Goswami switched sides again and rejoined the BJP and even attended a party meeting. \"He realized that joining the Congress was a mistake and is back with us,\" BJP city unit president Bharat Dangar said.But this is not the first time when Goswami has embarrassed the Congress. On July 29, he was supposed to join the party in the presence of senior Congress leader Siddharth Patel, but did not turn up and did a disappearing act.Congress city unit president Narendra Ravat said the incident is not an embarrassment, but only a reflection of the state of affairs in BJP. \"The day he joined us, BJP acted as if it did not care and would ensure that Goswami faces music. Now, they are rolling out a red carpet. He came to us on his own, but it seems that some pressure or enticement was used to take him back,\" Ravat said.Goswami himself said joining Congress was a mistake. \"I realized that some persons wanted my political career to end. Everybody makes mistakes. I made mine and learnt from it,\" he said.On Saturday, Goswami switched sides again and rejoined the BJP and even attended a party meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550984", "title": "Arrested goon bought gifts for father-in-law ice Also Held For Thefts At Gittikhadan And Lakadganj", "text": "NAGPUR: A hardened criminal was on a shopping spree to please his in-laws, who were unhappy with his marriage to their daughter, with ill-gotten money after burgling houses. He also bought gifts for his wife with the money. But now he his cooling heels behind bars after being nabbed along with an accomplice by crime branch sleuths on August 10 for alleged involvement in a series of burglaries. Stolen valuables worth Rs7 lakh have been recovered from the duo.Though only two burglaries committed by the goon Dilip Naik and his accomplice Yogesh Katle at Gittikhadan and Lakadganj have come to the notice, the crime branch team of senior inspector Madhao Giri working under joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena believes that the arrests could help them in unearthing other cases and nabbing more accomplices.Naik has served jail term in the past too for robberies and murder. Katle too had offences of burglaries against him. Both of them came in contact during imprisonment and became friends. After his release from prison a couple of years ago, Naik proceeded to Aurangabad where he married his ladylove from another community against her family's will.After returning to the city a few months ago, Naik teamed up with Katle and others to commit burglaries. It is learnt that Naik's wife would often visit him and put stay at Sugat Nagar. However, Naik was finding it difficult to convince his in-laws to accept their marriage.Police said Naik and Katle would first take a survey of localities on bicycle and break into empty houses in the daytime. Katle also learnt to have purchased a bike which was later seized by rural police when the gang's burglary attempt in Kuhi earlier this year was foiled. Katle purchased another bike which has been now seized by the crime branch. Naik and Katle had burgled the Pawar residence at Aakar Nagar in Gittikhadan earlier this year. Crime branch claimed that Naik and Katle had stolen a LCD television from a house from Lakadganj in July this year and mortgaged it for money. This transaction led the crime branch sleuths to Naik and later Katle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15552227", "title": "Himanta resignation mystery deepens, Gogoi remains mum", "text": "GUWAHATI: The mystery concerning the reported resignation of health and education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has deepened and the work in the two departments he heads is suffering as Sarma has not been attending office since Wednesday.Sarma, meanwhile, remains silent over reports of his resignation from the council of ministers. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi also has been skirting the issue every time he is asked about Sarma's resignation. On Thursday, Gogoi said he did not know anything about this and suggested that the media ask the question to Sarma himself.Sources said Sarma has surrendered all his official vehicles, including his security and escort vehicles. He has also stopped attending to official files relating to the two departments, which has resulted in files piling up and work getting affected.The minister also did not attend the cabinet meeting on Thursday and officials refused to cite any reasons for his absence. \"We do not know anything, but the minister has not been seen in his office for four days now,\" a government official said. Sarma was also not seen in any other place and is said to have remained indoors in his MLA quarters in Dispur complex.Sarma was considered a powerful and influential minister in Gogoi's cabinet till his relation with the chief minister reportedly soured a few months ago. He was Gogoi's most trusted lieutenant and in most instances when of crises in the state, Sarma was the first one to be engaged by the chief minister to defuse the crisis. But that did not happen when the recent ethnic clashes broke out in BTAD areas. This time Gogoi chose others over Sarma.The big question doing the rounds in Dispur right now is when will the chief minister clear the cloud over Sarma's reported resignation. \"If at all Sarma has tendered his resignation, the chief minister should make his stand clear and appoint a new minister in his place. And if Sarma's resignation is a rumour, then also the chief minister should clarify it,\" a political observer said.Sarma was considered a powerful and influential minister in Gogoi's cabinet till his relation with the chief minister reportedly soured a few months ago. He was Gogoi's most trusted lieutenant and called in by the CM to handle most crises in the state, but in the case of the recent BTC clashes, Gogoi chose to rely on others over Sarma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15558708", "title": "Roping in non-smokers to thwart use of tobacco", "text": "NAGPUR: School children, working women and other groups of non-smokers are being inspired by a city NGO to come up with ways to help smokers give up the addiction to tobacco products. Through awareness programmes at schools and government offices, Sadhana Charitable Trust encouraged kids and women to come up with suggestions on ways to curb the tobacco habit.Children came up with some extreme solutions, like not allowing people to enter a house or workplace if they smoke or chew tobacco. The women said they could stress on their right to personal space free of second-hand smoke.\"We had shown some pictures and presentations to the children to explain the harms of tobacco. Some of the pictures were of patients suffering from advanced-stage oral cancers. After this, we asked them if they, as future citizens of the country and the world, will help to reduce the burden of this disease,\" said Geeta Mathur, a counselor of the trust. She recalled that while one child said he would tell his father that he would stop going to school if he did not give up smoking. It worked and the father is trying to give up the habit, she said.Another volunteer, Sneha Valaparla, said that some of the children also came up with practical and mature solutions. \"One child spoke about the demand-supply chain and said that if there was an alternative means of livelihood for tobacco growers, these products would not be available any more,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15553087", "title": "Builders hike prices despite slump in sales", "text": "MUMBAI: Stamp duty and registration data of flat sales clearly indicate a downward trend but developers and investors seem to be shying away from acknowledging the reality of Mumbai's real estate.Property brokers say developers have hiked prices of various projects by 4% to 10% in the past three months. A survey of over 80 projects by Groffr, a group buying portal, showed 21 projects had hiked prices by 10%, six projects hiked prices by 20% while 31 projects didn't have any price hike. \"Developers hiked prices by 10% between January to March 2012. The hike in the past three months is less steep, but we believe it is against the buyer's expectation of prices dropping in the city. Builders have pre-launched or soft-launched many projects to somehow raise money to fund construction,'' said Sandeep Reddy of Groffr.Sales of apartments in Mumbai in the financial year 2012 dropped by more than 60% from the 2007 peak and 35% from 2011, according to data from property research firm Knight Frank. What's worse, of the market average of 80,000 units, only 45,000 apartments were sold in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region during 2011-12 , the report said.According to real estate consultants , the two biggest reasons why Mumbaikars aren't buying are expectations of a decline in prices and lack of confidence in the builder's ability to deliver. \"Considering the price range, new project launches in the past 18 months are not attractive , but are high-ended and absolutely unaffordable,'' said the consultant .According to Pankaj Kapoor, managing director at property consulting firm Liasas Foras, 80% of the demand for residential homes is in the Rs 45 lakh to Rs 70 lakh segment. But supply to meet this demand exists only in the far-flung suburbs of Panvel, Neral, Dombivli , Badlapur and beyond - where infrastructure is weak and the daily one-way commute to Mumbai can take as much as two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553085", "title": "Few buses and congested roads give commuters a tough time", "text": "RANCHI: The indices of development are not only measured in terms of the grossdomestic product, per capita income and purchasing power of citizens but also in terms of the total length of highways, condition of roads, per capita electricity consumption and use of public transport system.Surprisingly, despite tall claims of the state government to improve the condition of roads and buses, the actual picture is quite grim.Ranchi occupies the lowest rung among Indian cities in terms of availability of public transport and wide roads. This is the reason why no one, even those who cannot afford to move around in private vehicles, ever dream of boarding a bus. \"I have to travel at least 30km everyday to office and back home. It is very tiring to drive a two-wheeler, especially during office hours, because of jams. Yet I have no option because auto-rickshaws and buses that ply between Dhurwa and Raj Bhavan are in very bad shape,\" said Asha Rani Singh, an executive in a private company who had a horrible experience of travelling in one of the city buses.\"One day my two-wheeler broke down just before I was stepping out for work. Since my husband had already left, I took a bus. After travelling for five minutes I got down because of nausea. The bus was stinking!\" said Singh.Employees of the Jharkhand Tourism Development Corporation, which has been entrusted with the task of running buses provided to the state under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), said all the buses that ply on different routes of the city stink as they are seldom cleaned. The city was provided 100 buses and 35 per cent of them have already broken down.Besides, all roads are narrow with vendors and shopkeepers occupying the sides. Whenever there are instructions from the Jharkhand High Court, the state government and the district administration wake up and get proactive in keeping the thoroughfares clear of encroachment. \"My monthly earning is Rs 10,000 and I spend Rs 1,500 on petrol and Rs 1,000 in paying installment for my bike. I am left with just Rs 7,500. If the city had a good public transport system like Delhi or Kolkata or Mumbai, I would not have taken a loan to buy the two-wheeler,\" said Krishna Kant, who works in a private life insurance company and travels from Pandra to Lalpur Chowk every day.Retired engineer, Ravindra Pratap, who has visited some of the most developed nations across the world, including the UK, US and Hong Kong, said the state government needs to take up the development of a public transport system seriously. \"In Hong Kong, 99 per cent of the people use public transport. In the US and UK, the figure is 50-55 per cent. Even in Mumbai almost 60 per cent use local trains and buses. In Jharkhand, it is less than 15 per cent. It is all because of the state government's indifferent attitude,\" said Pratap.Citing the example of Gujarat he said by using the funds of JNNURM, the government has developed a mass rapid road transport system in Ahmedabad. \"All buses in the city ply on dedicated corridors in the middle of the road which makes movement free. At the same time the fare is also very cheap and a person can travel 15-20 km for just Rs 10-15. The state government should adopt a similar approach and develop a public transport system that will be used by even those who have four-wheelers,\" Pratap added.Advocate M K Tiwary, who has studied the Motor Vehicles Act of different countries, suggested that apart from the development of a good public transport system, the government should also impose heavy fine on people who violate rules. \"In our country in general and Jharkhand in particular, no one cares for traffic rules. We should follow the western model and impose heavy fines of upto Rs 5,000-10,000 in case a person is caught parking his car at a wrong place. The moment we start imposing a heavy fine a large number of people will stop violating traffic rules and this will help ensure smooth traffic to a grate extent,\" said Tiwary.The latest decision of the district administration to discontinue the issuance of new permits to auto-rickshaws and phase out autos which are more than 10 years old, has compounded the problem. The district administration has already seized more than 300 auto-rickshaws in the last few days leaving commuters at the mercy of rickshaws. \"Rickshaw pullers are charging Rs 15 against the earlier rate of Rs 10 for a distance of 2-3 km,\" said Krishna Singh who now prefers to wait for 10-15 minutes to take a bus or auto-rickshaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553582", "title": "Be open to change, law graduates told", "text": "MYSORE: As many as 92 students of the 5th batch of JSS Law College (Autonomous) were conferred degrees at the Graduation Day ceremony here on Saturday.Former chief justice of Karnataka N K Sodhi, addressing the gathering, pointed out that education is the tool of %empowerment.\"Through revolution of education, another renaissance in society has begun. Education has boosted economic growth in the country,\" he said and advised the students to have a wider perspective about issues related to national development and global issues like climate change. Observing that most lawyers are conservative, he urged the graduates to be more open to the changes in society.High court judge K L Manjunath, who observed that today's law colleges are of better quality compared to yesteryears, expressed unhappiness over 85 per cent law graduates joining MNCs for better salary instead of practicing as lawyers.As many as 25 LLM and 23 LLB (3 years) and 71 LLB (5 years) students received degrees. JSS Law College, the only autonomous law college in the state, has students from 16 Indian states and 18 foreign countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15552377", "title": "\u2018SC has limited role in interfering with government policy\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: This Supreme Court judgment would be music for the Union government, which is fighting a tough legal battle through the Presidential Reference to retain executive's discretion in choosing methods for allocation of scarce natural resources.The principles, on which the government is fighting the odds in the 2G judgment that says auction alone should be the method for allocation of natural resources, appear to have found favour with SC, which in a judgment on Friday said if the government followed a fair and transparent route in awarding contracts, then judiciary has a restricted role in interfering with it.\"If the state or its instrumentalities act reasonably, fairly and in public interest in awarding contract, interference by court is very restrictive since no person can claim fundamental right to carry on business with the government,\" said a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi.Importantly, it said government could not be faulted by judiciary for putting conditions in tenders to protect national interests. \"If the state acts within the bounds of reasonableness, it would be legitimate to take into consideration the national priorities,\" it said.Justice Sathasivam said the courts test the government action on the touchstone of Article 14 to find out whether the state's action was fair and non-arbitrary.Upholding a Karnataka government tender relating to state road transport corporation, the court said, \"Fixation of a value of the tender is entirely within the purview of the executive and courts hardly have any role to play in the process except for striking down such action of the executive as is proved to be arbitrary and unreasonable.\"The apex court felt that the executive needs to be given greater latitude in formulating the conditions and awarding of tenders and the courts should step in only when the decision was found to be malicious and a misuse of powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551261", "title": "Rain gods shower weekend \u2018blessings\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: After two days of hot and humid weather conditions, heavy downpour on Saturday evening brought relief to people but left one-third of the city waterlogged. It also hit the power supply at many places. But still people welcomed it as temperature came down considerably and pleasant conditions prevailed thereafter. The weatherman said that sky will remain partly cloudy on Sunday with possibilities of rain and thunder showers.The maximum temperature during the day was 34.8 degrees Celsius, which was two degrees above normal. The minimum temperature, which is recorded at the wee hours, was 26.1 degrees Celsius, a degree above normal. However, weather changed all of a sudden towards the evening.The city was covered by thick black clouds and it rained heavily for more than an hour. While the observatory at state Met office in Amausi recorded 34.1 mm rain till 5.30 pm, the main city areas recorded more than 70 mm rain, leading to drastic drop in temperature.The downpour led to waterlogging across the city. Some areas were flooded with knee-deep water. And, at some places, water even entered houses.Pot-holed roads filled with water made driving risky. As the rain occurred at the office closure time, traffic jam was also reported from many parts of the state capital. Heavy rainfall also led to power outages at many places. While power supply was snapped as a precautionary measure in some areas of the city, complaints of faults in transformers and snapping of electricity cables was reported from other parts.State Met director JP Gupta said that the heavy rainfall was due to local conditions, which mainly covered central parts of the state. The rainfall activity will continue on Sunday and intensify thereafter.However, the west UP is expected to receive more rains in comparison to the east and central regions on August 21 and 22.The west UP districts on an average recorded 319 mm rains in from June 1 to August 15, which was 34% below normal 484.9 mm, whereas the east UP districts, on an average recorded 457.8 mm rains,18% below normal 558.7 mm.According to reports reaching state Met headquarters, during last 24 hours, Khalilabad recorded 50 mm rainfall, Hamirpur recorded 37 mm, Gorakhpur 30 mm, Robertsganj 20 mm and Kanpur 18 mm. The monsoon trough line was passing through Sultanpur. The Met department said that rains and thundershowers would occur at a few places over UP during next 48 hours and increase thereafter. While river Ganga was flowing close to the danger mark at Ballia, Sharda and Ghaghra rivers were also flowing near the danger mark at some places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15553483", "title": "Cops tap Facebook to check crime", "text": "HUBLI: A social networking site is helping Haveri police track down criminals and streamline traffic.Police had a tough time getting public support to control crime but are now getting it through their Facebook account. The site is also helping police discipline some errant police personnel and keeping a tab on them.Superintendent of police Chetansingh Rathod mooted the plan to use the site and opened an account in the name of 'SP Haveri' ten months ago. The efforts to get information and assistance from members of the public have paid off.The account has 3,500 followers and most help the SP improve the law and order situation in Haveri by posting their complaints, grievances and giving tips about crimes in their areas. Based on these, police are taking action and improving the system. Rathod told STOI, \"We targeted educated youths and students and received a good response. With the help of tips and complaints posted online, we disciplined errant constables who were harassing people, particularly motorists, to cough up bribes and those who were not handling traffic at crowded places efficiently. Many are giving tips about errant police personnel, traffic problems in city and other crimes.\"He said \"We cracked a racket which involved duping people, gambling, and other cases after getting tip-offs. When we got an alert about traffic snarls, we fixed them.\" Police also cracked a money-doubling racket in Guttal village after an alert on the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15553520", "title": "Soldier was murdered: FIR", "text": "MANGALORE: There's a sordid twist to the tale of death of Lance Naik Krishnappa Gowda, 32, who was posted at 507, Army Services Corps, Ferozepur on the Indo-Pak border.Initial reports said Krishnappa, the son of farmers Chanana Gowda and Monamma of Balike in Belthangady, died in cross-border firing or of cardiac arrest. But, it has now emerged that Krishnappa was murdered by yet to be named or identified assailants.Krishnappa, a non-commissioned officer, was initially suspected to have died of cardiac arrest while on sentry duty. Another theory was that he could have died in hostile fire. However, it was the alacrity of superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal in perusing through official documents that came with Krishnappa's casket that the harsh truth of the murder came to light.Personnel of the Territorial Army accompanied the body and took it to his home village for cremation. Abhishek said the documents also contained a first information report filed at Cantt Police Station in Ferozepur district of Punjab citing murder as the cause of Krishnappa's death.\"We have sought details from the authorities,\" Abhishek said.Army police to conduct internal probeThe Corps of Military Police of the Indian Army is expected to conduct an internal inquiry into the circumstances of Krishnappa's death. ASI Vijay Kumar of Cantt police station, who was the duty officer when the incident was reported to the local police told STOI that Krishnappa's body in full uniform was found 1km from his sentry post in the early hours of August 13. \"His wound injuries indicate he was murdered,\" the ASI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551053", "title": "4 corporators among 100 held for opposing demolition drive", "text": "PUNE: Four sitting corporators were among the 100 people arrested by Dehu Road police for opposing the anti-encroachment drive conducted by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) at Talawade and Walhekarwadi on Saturday. The 100 people have been charged for obstructing government employees from discharging their duties.The protest turned violent at Talawade when mob pelted stones at a PMPML (Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Ltd) bus and about 15 private vehicles damaging the window panes. Police had to resort to mild lathi charge to disperse the crowd.The civic body demolished seven unauthorized commercial buildings at Talawade, notwithstanding the rasta roko and stone pelting during the drive. Another 11 unauthorized constructions were demolished at Walhekardi area in Chinchwad.The corporators were arrested for opposing the drive at Jyotibanagar in Talawade were Poornima Sonavane, a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator and Zone A president; Shantaram Bhalekar, NCP corporator, Suresh Mhetre, leader of independent corporators and Aruna Bhalekar, Shiv Sena corporator.Eknath Pawar, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), former independent corporator Maruti Bhapkar alongwith the local residents tried to conduct a rasta roko to oppose the drive in Triveninagar. When police detained them, local residents accompanying them pelted stones at police and several passing vehicles compelling a mild lathicharge.One executive engineer, 13 junior engineers, 13 employees of anti-encroachment department and 20 labourers formed the team that conducted the drive at Talawade.Milind Mohite, deputy superintendent of police (Pune rural), led the team of nine police officers and around 215 police personnel who provided bandobast for the drive. Unauthorized constructions with an area of 10,600 sq.ft in ward 1 and 11, about 527 sq.ft in ward 2 were demolished in Talawade.Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (Zone III), said, \"Prohibiting assembly of more than four people, police had issued prohibitory orders under section 144 on Friday night itself in Walheakrwadi. There was heavy police bandobast in the area to prevent any untoward incident during the drive\".One executive engineer, 25 junior engineers, 17 employees of anti-encroachment department and 15 labourers participated in the drive at Walhekarwadi. DCP Umap led the police team comprising eight police inspectors, 12 police inspectors, one platoon of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF), one platoon of riot control police and 150 police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15553184", "title": "Sudesh Mahto launches Lohardaga development projects", "text": "LOHARDAGA: In an another big effort towards development in the Maoist-hit Lohardaga, district deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto on Saturday laid foundation stones of several development schemes worth over Rs 72 crore.Jingi village of Kuru block, about 28 km from district town headquarters of Lohardaga was selected to be made a model village the foundation laying ceremony held in this village which is a native place of freedom fighter Lalu Tana Bhagat. In presence of over a huge number of people and supporters specially women he launched 'Sanjeevani' project for Kuru block, declared projects for making Jingi a model village and laid online foundation for several development schemes worth over Rs 72 crore.Development projects include a Rs 19.25 crore building construction for proposed Lohardaga Polytechnic College, Rs 72 lakh for a stadium in Kuru, buildings for four blocks identified to be made ideal. Construction of each block building in Peshrar, Kuru, Kisko and Senha will cost Rs 5.5 crore. \"It is a concept of the state government to provide maximum facilities to villages under single roof. Model block buildings will have a sitting room to welcome each visitor. These block buildings will also have offices for block pramukhs, said the deputy CM.Accompanied by his party's MLA from Loahrdaga Kamal Kishore Bhagat, member of state steering committee Deosharan Bhagat and a group of senior and local administrative officials Mahto was given a warm traditional welcome at Jingi. He garlanded freedom fighter Lalu Tana Bhagat 's statue and, planted a sapling to mark the occasion before launching the schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550640", "title": "Short-term courses being planned to keep prisoners busy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Loitering around, relaxing all day long and practically doing nothing may become a thing of the past for inmates of the jails in the state. If plans of the prisons department fructify prisoners - both convicts and under trials - will have a busy schedule all day long.The prisons department is planning to introduce short-term courses in various trades in the jails so that when they are released, they will be able to take up jobs. The idea is also to give them valid certificates. If they now leave the prison with a 'convict' tag because of which they are not easily accepted back in the society, it might soon become easier for them as they will be leaving with a certificate which will help them take up specific jobs. The certificates will come in handy for them when they are released and would like to take up jobs.Special chief secretary, home, Chaya Ratan has asked the prisons department authorities to explore the possibility of having a tie-up with local ITIs which will facilitate training for prisoners. Even under trials can be allocated work if they are interested so that they can earn while in jail.As a rule, prisons have to provide work to convicts. This is why, in all central prisons and also district jails, bakery units, petrol pumps, etc have been set up. In some prisons like the Cherlapalli jail and also special prison for women, Hyderabad, bakery units have been set up . In the open air jail at Cherlapalli and Prisoners Agricultural Colony, Anantapur, inmates work in the fields.The National Academy of Construction (NAC) also has been offering training in masonry and other related work pertaining to building activity to prisoners. Computer courses were also introduced for inmates of the Cherlapalli jail. Apart from this, prisoners are also being engaged in running a petrol bunk at Kadapa. These give a hands-on experience for prisoners and help them in taking up similar work once they are released.IG prisons, B Sunil Kumar told STOI that an assessment was being made of all the work opportunities that were provided to prisoners across the state. It is learnt that the prisons department has identified as many as 80 trades in which prisoners can be given short-term training. A decision will be taken on the specific courses that will be offered to prisoners to pursue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "china machado, legendary supermodel of the '50s tells nona walia why age shouldn't ever be a taboo for women. the world of glamour and modelling is ruthless to women beyond 25. but one woman, at 82, is changing all stereotypes of this industry. legendary supermodel china machado, who became the muse of the world-renowned photographer richard avedon during the 1950s-1960s, is appearing in an hbo documentary about face. the octogenarian shows off her wrinkles to a botoxed world, with elan in this documentary to prove that no amount of plastic surgery or anti-ageing creams can beat the natural process of ageing, which is far more graceful. \"i am china, pronounced as chee-na,\" she explains over a telephone conversation from the us. \"and i think it's time the world lets older women age gracefully,\" she explains the reason why she decided to be a part of about face. the other famous faces that one will get to see in this documentary are those of supermodels and actresses jerry hall , cheryl tiegs, beverly johnson, isabella rossellini , christy turlington and carol alt . machado believes age was never a deterrent in her profession. she started working again at 80, when she signed a modelling assignment for a top fashion magazine in canada . \"i'm a busy model right now. there's so much work.\" currently, machado does print and magazine assignments. \"age is not a taboo in the fashion industry. one should learn what to wear to look good at any age. now, i can afford to dress better. i would tell older women", "code": "15555735", "title": "Cover girl at 82!", "text": "China Machado, legendary supermodel of the '50s tells Nona Walia why age shouldn't ever be a taboo for women. The world of glamour and modelling is ruthless to women beyond 25. But one woman, at 82, is changing all stereotypes of this industry. Legendary supermodel China Machado, who became the muse of the world-renowned photographer Richard Avedon during the 1950s-1960s, is appearing in an HBO documentary About Face. The octogenarian shows off her wrinkles to a botoxed world, with elan in this documentary to prove that no amount of plastic surgery or anti-ageing creams can beat the natural process of ageing, which is far more graceful. \"I am China, pronounced as Chee-na,\" she explains over a telephone conversation from the US. \"And I think it's time the world lets older women age gracefully,\" she explains the reason why she decided to be a part of About Face. The other famous faces that one will get to see in this documentary are those of supermodels and actresses Jerry Hall , Cheryl Tiegs, Beverly Johnson, Isabella Rossellini , Christy Turlington and Carol Alt . Machado believes age was never a deterrent in her profession. She started working again at 80, when she signed a modelling assignment for a top fashion magazine in Canada . \"I'm a busy model right now. There's so much work.\" Currently, Machado does print and magazine assignments. \"Age is not a taboo in the fashion industry. One should learn what to wear to look good at any age. Now, I can afford to dress better. I would tell older women: dress for yourself,\" says Machado, who was the first non-Caucasian woman ever to appear in a major American fashion magazine in 1958. \"The fact that I can be happy and beautiful at 82 isn't about looking good, but feeling so. I have always done things that made me happy. I work with people I like and I do the job I like. I only see people who I like to be with. I have led a wonderful life.\" Ageing, according to her,is all about growing old naturally. She does not use anti-ageing creams, neither has she ever got any plastic surgery done. \"Life is beautiful at any age,\" she says, explaining how the world of modelling has become far more narcissistic over the years. \"In our time, models were proud of the clothes they wore. We would display them with pride. We learnt to be professionals. It's a different world today. The girls are 14 or 15, and the criterion is to be tall and skinny. Models these days don't know anything beyond themselves, Maybe that's why they are so insecure, and fall prey to vices, surgeries, etc.\" Born in Shanghai of mixed racial ancestry, Machado lived there during the war. By 24, she was an in-house model for Hubert de Givenchy in Paris . Now, at 82, she is often asked if there is a secret to feeling young while the decades go past. \"If there ever was a secret, I would bottle it. I have lived a wonderful life, but it was also difficult for a while, during the war. But survival is a practical issue. It includes only the essentials. I was a single mother and paid all my bills. If there's one thing I could attribute my strength to, I would say it's the gift of laughter, which I inherited from my mother's side.\" Despite ruling the runways for decades, Machado doesn't consider herself to be an extraordinary beauty. She also believes that the glamour industry isn't as tyrannical as it's made out to be \u2014 just a practical one. \"It's like most other professions. We need new blood.\" But she does agree that while some fall for the 'anything to be young' adage, some older models reinvent themselves better with time. \"We cannot change the world; the image of youth is like this since the '60s. I accept this and I'm happy.\" China's secret to being forever young Laughter is a gift, try to inject it into your life Travelling keeps you youngMeet people you enjoy being with Stay close to family, plan frequent dinners together Have two or three hobbies Don't try to run after money too much Dress for yourself", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555807", "title": "Nayanathara to dub her own voice in KVJ", "text": "Southern beauty Nayanthara will dub her own voice in her upcoming bilingual Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum(KVJ) . Perhaps this is the first time Nayantara has taken such an initiative to dub for a Telugu film, which is directed by Krish (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi). It's been buzzed that Krish has asked Nayan to contemplate dubbing her voice for this film and the sexy siren obliged it.Remember, Taapsee went on to dub for two of her films \"Mr Pefect\" and \"Mogudu\" and Mumbai girl Tamannaah did it for \"100% Love\" and now hear Nayanatara will dub her own voice for Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum. The Malayalam beauty will be seen as a documentary filmmaker in this film, which has Daggubati Rana playing the role of a B Tech Babu.Nayanthara is looking to revive her career in her second innings after the break up from Prabhu Deva and she's leaving no stone unturned. She's already paired opposite Nagarjuna in Love Story, apart from playing the female lead in Gopichand's untitled film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556034", "title": "Mihir Mishra to enter Ek Hazaaron Mein...", "text": "Cinevistaas' daily 'Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai' aired on Star Plus will now witness a new entry in the show.Mihir Mishra, who was once seen as a doctor in ' Sanjeevani ' is back with the production house and will once again play the role of doctor Rahul Mehra in 'Ek Hazaaron Mein ..As reported earlier Maanvi ( Niaa Sharma), who is unaware about her poor health condition will soon get to know that her illness can't be cured and she has very less time on hand. But Jeevika ( Krystle Dsouza) who can go to any extent and can do anything to save her sister Maanvi will not give up so easily. The Vadhera family will once again come to Maanvi's rescue.Sources inform that the show will soon see an entry of a new doctor played by Mihir Mishra. Mihir will once again play the role of doctor Rahul Mehra who will treat Maanvi. His entry will be telecast in the coming week.We tried contacting, Mihir but he was busy shooting for the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15551035", "title": "Photo synthesis", "text": "A free one-week library for camera enthusiasts opens in the city on the occasion of World Photography DayIt might be of some interest to those keen on photography to know that the first known photograph of people pictured two individuals, a boot-cleaner and his client. The daguerreotype, presumably made from a window, by Louis Daguerre in late 1838 or early 1839 took in the Boulevard du Temple in Paris , apparently busy at the time with traffic. Overexposure couldn't capture the moving crowd, save these stationary characters.This little detail is being dredged up because it's World Photography Day, and we owe its red letter to Daguerre. And now to mark the milestone, an open library of photo books will be established at NCPA's Piramal Gallery, turning it into a free reading room for a week. Here, photo fiends are welcome to browse a collection of over 200 books, international magazines and journals on the subject, courtesy a startup called Photo Corner. Expect these: The Photo Book by Phaidon Press, Susan Sontag's On Photography, Ansel Adams' The Negative and The Print, Robert Capa from the Phaidon Press, books by Francesca Woodman, National Geographic Best Pictures, Steve McCurry's Monsoon and Lonely Planet's One People, Many Journeys.The collection is the property of 27-year-old Mulchand Dedhia who says he went to great lengths to build it, from having to shell out Rs 8,000 in excess baggage charges for books he flew in from the India Art Fair in Delhi this year to constant rebuke from his mother for crowding their flat. But these are merely details.Dedhia grasped the big picture in 2008 when he founded Photo Corner with his pal Debi Sengupta. With an eye to the growing tribe of self-styled photographers in the country, the agency sought to organise free city photo walks and specialised workshops; they brokered exhibitions and taught amateurs self-marketing tricks to survive in a photo-friendly though image-heavy world. The efforts even led to the formation of a photographers' collective called Mumbai Weekend Shoot. Every Sunday, come rain or riot, these intrepid photographers\u2014counting about 100 per turn\u2014would venture en masse into picturesque parts of the city like Chor Bazar and the Bombay Port Trust Garden to make images. \"From an 11-year-old to a 70-year-old, equities experts and school kids, we've had them all,\" Dedhia says. No doubt, camera phones wouldn't cut it for this lot.According to Dedhia, a 2010 report in photo mag Better Photography said that sales of DSLR (digital single-lens reflex) cameras had risen by 400 per cent in India compared to the sale of compact cameras. Clearly everyone wanted to do it like the professionals. \"The biggest advantage or disadvantage, if you will, to photography was now pricing,\" he says, \"With the cost of a DSLR almost equalling the cost of a smart phone, everyone could buy one.\" Frequent travel and social networking sites also egged amateurs on. According to a 2011 Facebook blog, over 250 million photographs were uploaded every day on the site.While only a fraction of these are of the same grain as fine art, the numbers keen to photograph like Ansel Adams , Raghu Rai or Gorge Rodger are on the climb. And an increasing lot want to raise a buck out of it. \"There's plenty of commercial work available, if you scratch the surface, in fashion photography, industrial photography, food photography and so on,\" says Matthieu Foss, who ran an eponymous photo-only gallery till early this year. \"Although, the present economy renders the fine art photography market, like the art market in general, unviable.\"In any case, one has to be camera-skilled to be market-ready. \"Before professional photography courses came around, self-study was the way for most,\" says Foss. While beginners today get their how-tos online or via photo mags like Better Photography, Smart Photography and Asian Photography India, they admit these only go as far as teaching picture grammar; syntax develops through practice. \"Owning a fancy camera doesn't make you a good photographer,\" warns Girish Mallya, publisher of Smart Photography. \"Consistent, good images don't come easily. You need to constantly interact with fellow photographers on forums for honest appraisal of your work.\"This is where photo communities and forums on photo-sharing sites like Flickr , Picasa and Photobucket help. \"Part of the advice we offer budding photographers is to apply thought into the criticism they offer others,\" says Dedhia. \"A 'like' on FB doesn't say much.\" Photo Corner organises periodic Critic Sessions, where a professional is invited to evaluate participants' work.Undoubtedly, such initiatives not only offer direction, but also stimulation via the work of others. As do the published works of mavens. And at the free library, it won't cost you the price of a root canal fix to know how Man Ray did it.A 2010 report said that sales of DSLR (digital single-lens reflex) cameras had risen by 400 per cent in India compared to that of compact cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15558140", "title": "Serodiagnostic kit for tuberculosis banned", "text": "INDORE: Health department has called for ban on manufacturing, sale and use of Serodiagnostic test for eradication of tuberculosis. Citing the orders of Union ministry of health and family welfare, district TB officer has put an immediate ban on Serodiagnostic test.\"The test results are dissatisfying and sometimes lead to wrong treatment. The test helps in investigating the level Ig-G TV and Ig-M Tb from blood of the patient. Nearly 40 per cent of the total population of country has germs of TB so serodiagnostic test does not help in knowing the exact presence of the disease,\" said Dr Vijay Chajjlani, DTO.He stressed to use simple and easy method of sputum test which was made available through Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP). The sputum test gives 100 per cent satisfying results. Chajjlani said, \"Using the powers of section 26 of Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 Union ministry has banned serodiagnostic test kit. Strict action will be taken if people found using the traditional test for TB diagnosis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556373", "title": "No Jeje in Koevermans' 20-member squad for Nehru Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Portugal-returned Sunil Chhetri will expectedly lead the attack but his strike partner Jeje Lalpekhlua will be missed as he failed to figure in national football coach Wim Koevermans' 20-man squad for the Nehru Cup amid speculation that the young striker is not match-fit.Midfielders Joaquim Abranches and Rocus Lamare were the other notable names missing, with the Dutchman preferring to go with promising under-22 players Alwyn George and Manandeep Singh.Once touted as the future of Indian football after his exploits in the AFC Challenge Cup qualifiers last year, Jeje did not play a full match in the AFC U-22 Championship in Muscat.In the first game against Lebanon , the talented striker from Mizoram had to be substitute after 20 minutes of play, while he could come only towards the end in the latter matches.\"The coach does not seem to be too convinced about his fitness. Moreover, he could not play as much as he would have liked to in the under-22 championship,\" a source close to the team said.The core squad remains more or less the same with the likes of Gouramangi Singh, Syed Rahim Nabi, Clifford Miranda, Mehtab Hossain and Nirmal Chetri expected to lead the youngsters in the tournament beginning Wednesday and that includes teams such as Cameroon and Syria.As far as the formation is concerned, it will be a departure from Bob Houghton's 4-4-2 configuration. The 1988 European Cup-winning coach is most likely going to employ a 4-2-3-1 formation with Chhetri being the lone man upfront.\"I'm confident in the abilities of my boys,\" Koevermans stressed.\"The practice sessions have been good. It's nice to see the boys pushing each other,\" he added.Alwyn maintained: \"It's a dream come true for me. The camp sessions have been an education for me and I'm maturing fast as a player.\"Manandeep, who had made his senior India debut earlier this year said, \"This is a new challenge for me. As a player, one needs to be flexible to adjust oneself in different situations. I'm trying my best and learning at every step.\"Defending champions India take on Syria in the opening match of the tournament.The 20-member squad: Goalkeepers: Subrata Pal, Subhasish Roychowdhury, Karanjeet Singh.Defenders: Nirmal Chhetri, Denzil Franco, Gourmangi Singh, Gurwinder Singh, Raju Gaikwad, Syed Rahim Nabi.Midfielders: Lenny Rodrigues, Mehtab Hossain, Jewel Raja, Francis Fernandes, Alwyn George, Anthony Pereira, Sanju Pradhan, Clifford Miranda.Forwards: Robin Singh, Sunil Chhetri, Manandeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553640", "title": "'Useless' Games FOBs to cost 10 crore", "text": "New Delhi: PWD is building two foot overbridges near Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium which are costing the exchequer Rs 10.34 crore but will serve almost no purpose. But the public works department is still going ahead with both as \"70% of the payment has been already made\" for these Commonwealth Games projects.One of the two FoBs, coming up in front of the gate number 4 of the stadium, had collapsed two years ago, leaving the Delhi government red-faced. Traffic police, however, said there were now very few pedestrians who crossed at these two points and the FOBs would serve little purpose as the Games were over. Government sources also confirmed it.\"The matter had come up in a working committee meeting and later at a UTTIPEC governing body meeting where concerns were raised that the FOBs are not required. However, PWD officials claimed that 70% of the payment had been made, and the money could not be recovered so the FOBs should be allowed to be built,\" said a senior government official.One of the FOBs will be built near the gate number 4 of the stadium where the Barapullah elevated road currently ends. The construction of the deck of the second FOB \u2014 near the end of the Bhishma Pitamah flyover near Fourth Avenue Road \u2014 was begun on Friday night. Both FOBs are expected to be completed by October-end. Portions of the FOBs have been imported from France, said PWD officials.The FOBs were to be used during the opening and closing ceremonies of the Games, when the stadium was expected to be filled to its capacity of 70,000-80,000 people. \"At that time, players were supposed to use the FOBs after getting off the Games buses at the parking opposite the gate number 4. Spectators using the park-and-ride scheme at the Safdarjung parking and walking to the stadium would have also taken these,\" said a senior traffic police officer of the area.\"Lodhi Road was then out of bounds for general traffic as only VIP movement was allowed on the stretch during the Games ceremonies. Hence, there was high pedestrian usage. Now, people can just get off next to the stadium entrances,\" he added.The FOB near gate number 4 is of no use to the nearby residents of the Sewa Nagar railway colony as there is a high boundary wall running along the entire length of the colony that cuts access to the FOB. Further, buses use the parking only as a depot and don't operate out of it, said officials.The second FOB has the railway colony on one side and the Lodhi Colony on the other. While there is an opening at Lodhi Colony for residents to access underconstruction FOB, this is not the case for the railway colony residents. Currently only one bus uses this stretch to go to AIIMS but even that service is not frequent.PWD, however, defended its action, claiming that it will be of use to residents and those coming to the stadium. \"When there is a game at the stadium, the FOB near gate number 4 will be used. Nearby colony residents can use both the FOBs as well,\" said PWD director (works) Deepak Panwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555387", "title": "Praveen Sri\u2019s new movie is Kaalicharan", "text": "Praveen Sri, who earlier made Gaayam 2, will start his second film titled Kaalicharan. A protege of Ram Gopal Varma , Praveen Sri's Gaayam was critically acclaimed although it did not do well at the box office. The promising director will be working with on a crime comedy in his second venture Kaalicharan with Chaitanya Krishna.On the other hand, Chaitanya Krishna, who enacted in yet-to-be released Vennela 1.5, will be sen in a different shade in this film. Debutante Chandini is playing the female lead in this film, which is also produced by Praveen Sri. Nandan Raj is providing the soundtrack for the film, which will be launched on August 20 in Annapurna Studios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kancheepuram", "code": "15551613", "title": "A tale of two ancient temples in Kancheepuram village", "text": "KANCHEEPURAM: A couple of years ago, Thandarai, a village near Uttaramerur in Kancheepuram district, witnessed two significant events. The ancient Perumal (Vishnu) temple was pulled down and replaced with an ugly concrete structure by villagers, who were ignorant about its heritage value. Nearby, the Kunteeswarar temple, which would have faced a similar fate, was spared due to the timely intervention of a taxi driver in the locality.While one can only see the grand Nayak-style Perumal temple in some old photographs now, the good news for heritage lovers is the renovation work on the Chola-period Kunteeswarar temple.No alterations would be made to the original structure. The demolished Perumal temple and the Kunteeswarar temple are managed by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR &amp; CE) department.\"It was a taxi driver, who alerted us that some people were going to demolish the Shiva temple too,\" said J Chandrasekaran of REACH Foundation, an NGO working towards creating awareness about heritage and renovation of ancient structures. \"When we visited Thandarai, the Perumal temple had been demolished and a new one had been constructed on the spot. We soon sent a letter to the state HR &amp; CE department which gave us permission to renovate the Shiva temple using our own funds,\" he said.While heritage experts believe a lot of inscriptions and sculptures could have been lost with the demolition of the Perumal temple, they are happy that at least some rare inscriptions on the walls of the Kunteeswarar temple that belong to early Chola and Vijayanagar periods could be preserved.\"There are a few rare inscriptions in Tamil and Telugu on the walls of the Kunteeswarar temple. The later Chola inscriptions and those belonging to the period of Kampanna Udayar (a Vijayanagar king) and the Nayak reign show the transactions that took place in Kancheepuram during those days. The Nayak kings renamed the village Seetharama Puramu. The Telugu inscriptions on the lintel are testimony to this fact. We are taking maximum care to restore it,\" said Chandrasekaran.Even though the renovation work is on, it's not easy as the vegetation had gone deep into the walls between the Arda Mandapa and Maha Mandapa. \"The stones were removed and re-laid carefully. We are working on repairing the cracks on the wall and the ceiling. Since 70% of the temple has been ruined, it needs special care,\" said S Murugan, a worker who is involved in the renovation.Lack of funds, however, has slowed down the progress of the renovation work. \"We lost the Perumal temple due to ignorance. We don't want to see the same thing happening to the Shiva temple. We will constitute a team to generate funds for the renovation work. We will also appeal to the people to donate for this good initiative,\" said M Subramaniam, a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553624", "title": "Corporation's parking plan irks South Ex traders", "text": "New Delhi: Traders at South Extension are already apprehensive about the chaos that the construction of the underground Metro station in the middle of Ring Road is going to create soon. Now, South Delhi Municipal Corporation's proposal to construct a three-storey parking in place of two parks in the South Extension Market Part II is just adding to their woes.\"The proposal to construct the parking was mooted in October last year. The corporation was working on its feasibility, notwithstanding heavy resistance from the traders. Then MCD trifurcation stalled the project. Now that DMRC has identified the same land to construct the Metro station and set itself a 2016 deadline, the parking will come up after the station is operational. We will complete the work in two years,\" said an official of the South corporation.However, the traders have gone to the high court to get the project scrapped. They say the parking will rob the market of its character. \"According to the original plan, a mall was to come up above the parking and only a 12ft-wide road would be left for pedestrians. Following the Metro decision, the parking will now be at the surface level and there will be no mall. But the parking towering the shops will ruin our business as our shops will be hidden behind it,\" said Asheesh Vaderaa, president, South Extension Market Part-II Association.The parking will also congest the area further. \"The market is already congested and with a Metro station and a parking, it will be in a mess. People feel lucky to find a vacant spot to park on weekends in this market; the narrow lanes will not be able to bear the added load. The parking will have a perpetual queue of vehicles at the entrance and the exit. It's nothing but sheer mindless planning,\" said Vaderaa.Also, the parks are the only space having trees in that concrete jungle. \"Other markets like Khan Market, GK markets, Connaught Place have parks but not trees. Even the South Ex Part I doesn't have a single tree. The corporation, which is concerned about the city's depleting green cover, is ready to chop off the trees for a parking that nobody wants,\" said Prashant Kumar, a trader.Of the 41 parking projects the erstwhile MCD had conceived in the past six years, only one has seen light of the day, while two others, though inaugurated, are not operational.The traders are now apprehending that the corporation's decision will ruin the market and the loss will be more than that of Connaught Place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553078", "title": "Youth drowns as boat capsizes at \u2018Fun Castle\u2019", "text": "RANCHI: A 20-year-old youth, Raj Kumar alias Guddu Sharma, lost his life in a boat capsize at 'Fun Castle' in Ratu here on Saturday.The boy along with two other friends had left home to chill out at the fun joint at around 10am. All three friends had hired a boat to cruise in the huge lake inside the fun park. The incident occurred when the boat turned turtle in deep water. Raj Kumar's body was found after two hours of relentless efforts by divers present at the spot. His two friends, Suchet Kumar (18) and Chandan Kumar (20) were lucky to survive as they were rescued by divers on time.Satendra Narayan Singh, officer incharge of Ratu police station, said the boys had ignored safety measures. \"The boys were provided life jackets but they refused to wear them. None of the boys knew how to swim either,\" Singh said. The manager of the fun park, Deepak Kumar, could not be contacted for comment. Jai Kumar, an employee at the park, said no one was allowed in the lake without life jackets.\"After they reached the middle of the lake the boys were not conscious of their safety. They were splashing water at one another thereby making the boat to rock dangerously. The boat finally turned upside down throwing the three youth into the water. said an eyewitness.The condition of the two boys who were rescued are said to be normal. Suchet's brother Roshan Kumar said the boys were not regulars visitor to the fun park and were new to boating. While all three are students of arts at Marwari College, Raj Kumar also used to work at a shopping centre in the city. Acase of unnatural death has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15551511", "title": "Kanda surrenders after midnight drama", "text": "NEW DELHI: After dodging hundreds of policemen for five hours, Sirsa MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda finally walked into the Ashok Vihar police station in the early hours of Saturday. Kanda, accused of abetting the suicide of former air hostess Geetika Sharma, was arrested soon after he surrendered, and sent to seven days' police custody.The nightlong drama started as soon as Kanda's counsel spread word about the MLA's intent to surrender around Friday midnight. Kanda had practically run out of options after the Delhi high court dismissed his bail plea on Friday.The decision was communicated to police and the media around 10pm. But the cops, smarting at their own failure to nab Kanda over 10 days, decided to salvage their pride by arresting him before he could surrender. An operation was quickly planned and the commissioner even tweeted about arresting Kanda \"soon enough\" with his \"best boys on the job\".Sources said around 25 police teams spread out across Delhi, Gurgaon and Faridabad and police pickets were set up at every 400 metres in northwest Delhi. They were alerted about an input regarding Kanda travelling in a vehicle with the registration number 3712.While police spread their dragnet, the media gathered outside Ashok Vihar police station anticipating Kanda's arrival by 11pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553211", "title": "Ahir wants coal block allocations cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP MP Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, who had been at the forefront of a campaign against indiscriminate allocation of coal blocks, has demanded immediate cancellation of all allocations. \"Only 0.1% of the coal has been extracted, so we can recover the revenue almost fully, unlike in 2G case,\" Ahir said.Ahir has been writing to various authorities highlighting the irregularities in allocation of coal blocks to various entities, including 189 private companies. It was on Ahir's complaint that the CVC asked the CBI to investigate the allocation.\"I am relieved that the CAG audit has proved what I had been saying all these months and years. There is no more doubt that it was a scam,\" Ahir told TOI.\"The immediate first step is to cancel the allocations and restore the blocks to the government,\" he said. Ahir, who represents Chandrapur in Mahasrashtra, said he was writing to the PM demanding immediate scrapping of the allocations \"so that we don't lose any more\".He differed with the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) over the estimate of losses to the exchequer, though he didn't want to make an issue out of it.\"The report is an honest work by the CAG,\" he said. The CAG has estimated that the absence of a competitive bidding process has resulted in private coal block allottees getting financial gains to the tune of Rs 1.86 lakh crore.In his estimate, Ahir projects a revenue loss of over Rs 12 lakh crore to the exchequer. He said the total coal deposit allotted is worth over Rs 50 lakh crore, and the estimate of the loss is arrived at after discarding wastage etc.He said the Congress argument that it went ahead and allotted the blocks without waiting for a policy on auction to come through to meet power shortage was absurd. \"Of the 189 companies that the government allotted coal blocks 116 are steel companies. Just 62 of them are into power generation,\" he said. \"The Congress party is confusing people,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15552243", "title": "BTC against idgah on forest land", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The demand of the minority community to set up a permanent idgah at Bedlangmari, a forest land in Kokrajhar district, is giving BTC authorities sleepless nights as it has the potential to snowball into a major crisis in trouble-torn western Assam.BTC deputy chief, Kampa Borgoyary said the forest department will take action if anyone is found trying to encroach upon forest land, more so if comes under tribal belts and blocks. He asked the Kokrajhar district administration to prevent any attempt to set up an idgah there.On Saturday, Borgoyary appealed to the minority community and its religious leaders not to set up an idgah at Bedlangmari, which comes within the Chakrasilla Wild Life Sanctuary. Bengali-speaking Muslims occupied a plot of land to set up an idgah some time back and even put up a signboard. But the forest department removed the signboard on May 28.In retaliation, minority student organizations called a BTC bandh on May 29, which turned violent. This strained relations between Bodo tribals and Bengali-speaking Muslims in BTC.What is worrying BTC is the rumour and some reports that a section of the minority community could forcefully set up the idgah on August 20. A source said, \"If the administration does not act now and stops people from gathering there, there could be serious trouble.\"On Friday, 11 Bodo organizations led by Ranjit Borgoyary, president of the All Assam Tribal Sangha, held a meeting. They submitted a memorandum to BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary demanding that the proposal for the setting up of the idgah be rejected.Borgoyary also said the government should take action against the erring officers at Tamulpur in Baksa who opened fire on peaceful protestors on Thursday. The protestors were demanding the release of 65 Bodo villagers arrested in connection with the burning of a car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553106", "title": "Cops get tough on autos violating traffic norms", "text": "RANCHI: The traffic police have decided to crack the whip on auto drivers for violating parking and other rules. There are about 3,500 autos in the city out of which only 2,300 have permits. The SP, traffic, Chandrashekhar Prasad, said they will not allow drivers to park their autos near roundabouts and squares. \"They will have to park autos at least a 100 mt away from the roundabouts. If any auto is found parked at a roundabout, the driver will be fined. If he violates parking rules again, the vehicle will be seized and the permit cancelled.\"The SP and members of the auto drivers' association surveyed various places and earmarked parking slots for autos. Also, if autos are found plying on wrong routes, the driver will be fined.The police have decided to get strict even about driver uniforms and passenger sitting arrangements. \"Drivers should not allow passengers to sit on their right side. They should also drive in their uniform,\" said Prasad, adding, \"if they are found violating rules here also, they will be heavily fined.\"If any auto driver is found harassing a passenger for more fare, action will be taken against him on the basis of a complaint filed by the passenger. \"The passenger should immediately inform the nearest police,\" he said.The chairperson of the auto drivers' association, Dinesh Soni, informed auto drivers about the SP's new rules. \"If any auto driver is hauled up by the police for violating traffic rules, the association will not be responsible,\" said Soni.The rules were expected to be in force from Saturday but the association asked for three days. \"The order will be implemented from Tuesday. We have given them a time of three days so that all drivers are told about the rules and fines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15553365", "title": "Teen kidnapping: Mastermind not arrested", "text": "VADODARA: Three days after rescuing a 16-year-old boy, who was kidnapped from Gotri, the city police are facing a strange predicament. Though the cops have zeroed in on the prime accused Bipin Patel, who had masterminded the kidnapping, they are yet to arrest him. Patel was questioned thoroughly by the investigating officials after it came to light that his 12-year-old son was involved in the kidnapping of Arpan Pandya.Though his son has been shown as accused and arrested, the police have not arrested Patel. Senior police officials said he will be arrested soon, but investigating officials said they are still gathering evidence against him.\"We are gathering strong evidences against Patel before arresting him. Patel had planned the whole act and also involved his son in the kidnapping. But, Patel's son is not admitting that his father is involved in the crime,\" a police official said. The teenager used to live with Dharmesh alias Lalo in Pavi Jetpur and study in a local school there. Dharmesh and his driver Deepsinh alias Deshiyo had kidnapped Arpan on August 15.The case was solved after Dharmesh cracked under pressure and told the police that he was involved in the crime. He led the cops to Malushirod village, where Arpan was hidden in a house. \"We will have to prove that Patel knew about the kidnapping and he had involved his son in the act. Circumstantial evidences do show his involvement, but we need strong proof,\" the police said.DCP (crime) Subhash Trivedi said, \"We will arrest Patel soon as he is surely involved in the act.\" The cops have arrested three persons, including the boy in the case, while Patel and Mukesh alias Jadiyo are yet to be arrested.Arpan's father Paresh had finalized a land deal worth Rs 3 crore some time ago. Their neighbour Bipin Patel knew that Paresh had got big money in the deal. So he allegedly kidnapped Arpan and demanded ransom of Rs 1 crore. Arpan was lured to a roadside stall by Patel's son from where he was kidnapped. The kidnappers had also called Paresh on August 16 for demanding the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15557118", "title": "S Badrinath to replace VVS Laxman for NZ Test series", "text": "NEW DELHI: Veteran Tamil Nadu batsman S Badrinath has been recalled into the Indian Test team as replacement of the just retired VVS Laxman.\"The All-India Senior Selection Committee has named S. Badrinath as VVS Laxman's replacement in the Indian team for the Test series against New Zealand, which commences at Hyderabad on 23 August 2012,\" secretary Sanjay Jagdale was quoted as saying by a BCCI media release.Badrinath, who is just 10 days shy of being 32, has played two Test matches against South Africa back in 2010 with his highest being 56 in his debut Test. He last played for India in an ODI against West Indies in Antigua in June, last year.Badrinath has been a prolific scorer in the domestic circuit having scored 7836 runs with an average 60.74 with 28 centuries.Badrinath will join the squad at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552784", "title": "I told officials they can't steal even a bit", "text": "In July, UP's PWD minister and CM Akhilesh Yadav's uncle, Shivpal Singh Yadav (55) was caught on camera during his visit to Bareilly, saying that if he finds potholes on roads, he would bury the officer in charge in the same pothole. This week, he was again caught telling officials of the district planning committee in Etah that they can steal a little if they perform well. Yadav tells Pervez Iqbal Siddiqui that he was quoted out of context; that he neither encouraged corruption, nor did he threaten the mediaYou are perhaps the only leader in the SP's leadership who has a love-hate relationship with the media. Comment.I have a problem with the media when they try to make a story out of nothing. How can anyone pick up part of a sentence and show it out of context? I have a problem when mediapersons sneak into official meetings and report deliberations which are not meant for public consumption. Why should the media sneak into a meeting to which they have not been invited, record the proceedings and then show them in bits and pieces, completely out of context?But you reportedly said: \"Thodi bahut chori karoge to koi ...\" (If you steal a little bit, it will be overlooked) in the August 9, 2012 meeting at Etah.It was shown out of context. At times when we are explaining something to someone, we tend to use examples to convey an idea. They are not required to be taken literally. Suppose a boss tells his employee that he will hang him if the sale targets are not met. Does that mean that he will actually hang the executive?About that day, I had said that officials committed dacoities during the Mayawati regime and this time they will not be allowed to steal even a bit. We will not make any compromise on quality of work and corruption.You allegedly threatened journalists by saying that you will get them arrested?Again, this is incorrect. I did not say I will get the journalists arrested if they come to me. I told them that they should not cover events to which they are not invited. How can any journalist sneak into an official meeting uninvited, clandestinely shoot the proceedings, selectively edit the footage and broadcast it on news channels? It was in that context that I said that the next time I find any uninvited individual attending my official meetings, I will get him arrested.How do you see your present stint with the government compared to earlier ones?This time the focus is on weeding out corruption and meeting the expectations of the people. I am meeting more than 200 party workers a day, twice a week. This does not include the general crowd that calls on me. This was not there in the previous regime.But you were accused of corruption by your political opponents during the previous regime?The difference is that after we accused the BSP government of corruption, we proved our allegations correct by unearthing the bungling and scams. They also accused us of corruption during our earlier regime but were unable to prove a single allegation.I have initiated action against more than 100 officers of the PWD, irrigation and cooperative departments in the past five months. I can guarantee that each and every penal action was based on pure fact and there was no political vendetta as alleged by the BSP. Can anyone tell me what action was initiated against the officials who were involved in the corruption that they (BSP) are talking of?The BSP says there are multiple centers of power in the state government, which is causing hindrance to Akhilesh in terms of running the government.It is all false. Akhilesh is in the driving seat as the CM and each and every minister takes him into confidence and consults him before taking any decision. I do the same as well.The pace at which the Akhilesh Yadav government is moving, will the party be able to present itself well for the 2014 general elections?The party will not only be able to present itself, but present it well before the people. The problem is one can start building a house if one has a plot of land. If there's a huge pit instead of a plot, then you have to first fill it up and then start building. We have been filling up the pits and ditches that the BSP government has left behind. Now that the pits and ditches have been filled, the construction of the house has begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556803", "title": "Sleep deprivation can cause attention deficit, says research", "text": "NEW DELHI: From College students to professionals, anyone who has stayed awake for a night knows that there is a price to pay the next day: fuzzy memory, attention deficit and tiredness. New research shows that chronic sleep deprivation can also lead to memory impairment, a fact seconded by city neurologists.The article published in Journal of Neuroscience says that sleep deprivation increases a molecule present in the brain called adenosine which further causes memory impairment and attention deficits.\"Attention deficit, difficulty to remember or concentrated are some of the common problems that patients suffering from sleep deprivation come to us with. It's a common observation and now scientists are trying to put together scientific data on the same. The latest research is an effort in the same area and it also looks into ways to control or treat the problem,\" said Dr Kameshwar Prasad, neurologist, All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). Dr Ish Anand, neurologist at Sir Ganga Ram hospital added that most of his patients complaining about sleep deprivation and related health problems include young persons, particularly the college students and working professionals.\"Most of us would think that losing a night's sleep on regular basis is pretty minor, but the study shows just how critical the need for sleep is for things like cognition,\" said a scientist from National Brain Research Center, Manesar, Haryana.He said that study to find a correlation between sleep deprivation and memory impairment was conducted on mice. It involved two parallel experiments on sleep-deprived mice, designed to test adenosine's involvement in memory impairment in different ways. \"One experiment involved genetically engineered mice that could not produce the adenosine researchers believe might cause the cognitive effects associated with sleep deprivation. The other experiment involved a pharmacological approach in which the researchers grafted a pump into the brains of mice that hadn't been genetically engineered; the pump delivered a drug that blocked a particular adenosine receptor in the hippocampus. Both sets of treated mice explored the moved object as if they had received a full night's sleep. These mice don't realize they're sleep-deprived,\" one of the researchers has said.\"Here, we've identified the molecule, the cellular circuit and the brain region by which sleep deprivation affects memory storage.\" Such treatments would be especially enticing, given how sensitive the brain is to sleep deprivation's effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552575", "title": "New system of education won\u2019t come easy", "text": "BANGALORE: The state will have an uphill task ahead if the changes recommended by the R Govinda Committee report are implemented. The report that has been submitted speaks about having 22,718 additional rooms, 14,958 additional teachers and intense teachers training programmes if the primary schools are upgraded.The Times of India had reported on Saturday that the government-appointed committee had recommended changing of the current 5+2+3 (five years of primary, 2 years of higher primary and three years of high school) model to the 5+3+2 pattern . This was mainly because Right to Education mandates that the state provide compulsory education till Class 8. The change, they hope, will also be a solution for the transition loss that the state is witnessing as students move from Class 7 to 8. The committee has also suggested doing away with PU and integrating them as Classes 11 and 12 along with Classes 9 and 10.Of Karnataka's 22,570 higher primary schools, only 3,918 schools have till Class 8. As many as 18,573 of them that have up to Class 7 need to be upgraded to make it a part of the elementary cycle. What this calls for is 22,718 additional rooms and 14,958 teachers in government schools. The approximate financial implication for construction of these additional rooms will be Rs 1,238.13 crore. This, assuming the cost per room will be around Rs 5.45 lakh. Sarva Shikshana Abhiyan (SSA) says that the civil works are to be completed by 31 March 2013. The management of 2,239 aided higher primary schools should provide required additional rooms by 2014-15 without financial assistance from government . Till such time they can have temporary arrangements . Unaided schools are also to follow course.However, the report also suggests that there is a need to have a second look to consider upgrading all these schools. \"Some of these schools may not be viable as far as quality teaching and learning are concerned ...It is desirable to merge the schools having 30 or less students ' enrolment in Class 6 and 7 with the nearby schools with an exception of schools situated in places where children cannot travel due to natural barriers,\" the report said. Even though 14,958 additional teachers are required, the committee points out that the merging of schools might make recruitment not imminent. Rational deployment of teachers will help as there are 6,712 schools having less than 30 students in Classes 6 and 7.In the event of doing away with Class 8, the workload of teachers will come down below the prescribed norm. These schools may opt to have Classes 6 and 7 attached to high school to ensure full-time job for the teachers. Workload could be compensated by utilizing their services in higher primary schools or in the nearby needy schools.The report also pointed out that teachers for Classes 11 and 12 should be trained to help students face the challenges and complexities of life.As per plans, the administrative wing will also undergo changes. There will be a single 'Board of Examinations' for SSLC and PUC examinations like in Goa, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and J&amp;K.There; will be one commissioner for primary education headquartered in Bangalore who will also be the ex- officio state project director Sarva Shikshana Abhiyan. There will also be another commissioner for secondary and higher secondary education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15553245", "title": "DMRC says no to Authority\u2019s proposal for feeder service", "text": "Noida: DMRC has turned down Noida Authority's proposal to begin a feeder bus service in the city. The development is likely to affect the Authority's plan to improve the bus service in Noida and Greater Noida. Authority officials said to compensate for the loss, a large chunk of the first 1,000 buses that are going to be brought in will operate along the Metro line, as part of their special purpose vehicle (SPV) venture.Currently, there are about 270 buses plying in the two cities in spite of a population of over 12 lakh according to the 2011 Census. A plan had been prepared by officials of Noida Authority and Greater Noida Authority ( GNIDA) while taking into account the demography of the cities as well as the number of bus and feeder vehicles required. It had been forwarded to the Uttar Pradesh State Regional Transport Corporation (UPSRTC). Once the approval came in, the new fleet of buses was supposed to connect the spots most frequented by residents.However, DMRC's decision has dented the plans to enhance the city's public transport reach. The proposal for feeder buses in Noida has been in the pipeline since 2009. DMRC officials said the reason for refusal is that the feeder buses are not viable as there is no permit for smaller buses plying in Uttar Pradesh.Addressing the need for a feeder bus service connecting all Metro stations with the city's sectors, the Noida chairman had suggested that the model being followed in Delhi, the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, be adopted in Noida.\"The feeder bus service has been one of the weak points of the Delhi Metro network with frequent complaints from commuters,\" said Pramanshu Kumar, ACEO, Noida Authority.DMRC sources argued that according to an Allahabad HC judgment, UP doesn't allow for buses with less capacity, which is what DMRC has. Hence, the decision to turn down the Authority's proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553583", "title": "Aspirants start lobbying", "text": "MYSORE: There may be still time for the elections to state Assembly, but lobbying for seats has already begun in the district.Ticket aspirants are trying new ways to influence both political parties and voters in addition to sending a message across the political circles that they all are game for the contest.On Friday, it was a different trip for the people of Krishnaraja assembly segment represented by medical education minister S A Ramdas. About 800 people, mostly women, in more than 20 buses travelled to Tumkur to seek the blessing of Siddaganga mutt seer and offer prayers at Yedyur temple.Sponsor of the tour was none other than local BJP leader and Ramdas' friend H V Rajiv, who is president of the district co-operative union. A couple of Lingayat seers of the local mutts flagged off the% buses.Though Rajiv, who runs educational institutions, refused to attach any political motive to the trip, reportedly intended to woo Lingayat voters who form a large chunk in the constituency, sources in the BJP said Rajiv wants to try his luck in the elections from Krishnaraja segment.It is learnt that he will enter the fray even if the BJP denies ticket and favours Ramdas. \"He may contest as an independent if he fails to get a ticket from the national party,\" Jayant, a local BJP leader said, adding that even Congress leaders have sounded him on the issue.Rajiv, a Brahmin, is involved in various welfare works in the community and has held more than 200 meetings of Brahmin voters and leaders to convince them about Ramdas' alleged failure to take care of the community.A close friend of Ramdas said the minister recently met Rajiv at a common friend's house and asked him to change his decision. However, Rajiv categorically told the minister that this time he is determined to make his entry into electoral politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15556985", "title": "Bombay high court celebrates 150 years of glorious existence", "text": "MUMBAI: Attorney General for India Goolam Vahanvati on Saturday said as the Bombay high court celebrates 150 years of its glorious existence, it was time to pay a tribute not merely to a select few individuals but to the efforts of all those including the staff who have been associated with the court, working selflessly and without any fanfare.\"It is customary at a function like this to speak about the past glory of the court, in reference to the great persons who sat on the Bench, practiced at the Bar and etched their contribution,'' said Vahanvati and sure enough, most speakers including the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lauded the roles played by the HC and legal and judicial icons it produced.The PM said Mahatma Gandhi, Babasaheb Ambedkar, Bhulabhai Desai, K. M. Munshi and Sir Phirozeshah Mehta, who were heroes of our freedom movement, honed their skills in the practice of law in this magnificent building of the Bombay High Court. Stalwarts of the legal profession like Sir Jamshedji Kanga, H.C.Coyajee, M.A.Jinnah and Sir Dinshaw Mullah strode the halls of building of the Bombay High Court as legal geniuses of their age. \"Some of our most distinguished Judges like Mahadev Govind Ranade, Badruddin Tyabji, Narayan Ganesh Chandravarkar, K.T. Telang and M.C. Chagla have adorned the Bench of the Bombay High Court, both before and after our independence. Some of the finest legal minds of recent times including H.M. Seervai, M. C. Setalvad, C. K. Daphtary, Nani Palkhiwala and N.P. Engineer perfected their art in the court rooms of this great institution. Badruddin Tyabji was the first Indian legal luminary to be called to the English Bar in 1867,\" said the PM.But while the role played by legal giants always gets recognized, it's the silent others whose contributions often remains unsung. \"May I be permitted to ask whether the history of this court can only be measured in terms of contributions of a few...the history cannot be written only in terms of those judges who are rightly and fondly remembered with awe. It must be measured in terms of all judges who worked tirelessly and selflessly dispensing justice and disposing of cases without any fanfare and publicity,'' he said at a speech he made at NCPA where a galaxy of judges both present and past from high cort and supreme court were present. Several in the auditorium nodded in agreement.Vahanvati, himself a distinguished member of the Bombay Bar, directed the thoughts of all those present towards the \"thousands of litigants\" who over the century approached the HC for justice. In the early days they came on foot, by trams and carriages, some drawn by dogs, or on palkhis. \"The glory of this court lies in the fac that it has been so accessible. This court has entertained all kinds of matters, issues and held its head high in trying times,\" he said.\"This court did not exist only for well-known lawyers who flourished and built lucrative practices,\" said Vahanvati. \"We must remember that all the pleaders and lawyers who practiced here. It is a sobering thought that this court has seen some brilliant persons who by reason of fate, destiny or lack of opportunity did notget the success or recognition they deserved.\"Vahanvati said \"we must also remember the institution of solicitors and all the meticulous lawyers on the Appellate side. Those on the Appellate side had mastery over the civil procedure code. They sat long hours through the night listening to the problems of their clients from all over the state and preparing their appeals (arising from lower courts).\" He spoke of how the managing clerks of solicitor firms prepared legal briefs and wrote meticulous instructions.\"We must not forget the staff and officers of the court, the prothonotaries, the registrars, the stenos and all the people who patiently and silently worked for this court who through their sheer experience and knowledge of procedures, assisted judges and prepared papers for disposal of cases,\" said Vahanvati. \"They are the backbone of this court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553527", "title": "'DDU Hospital needs revamp'", "text": "New Delhi: In a significant observation, the Delhi high court has said that Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital (DDUH) near Tihar Jail needs to be upgraded so that jail inmates don't go to various other hospitals for treatment.\"Upgradation of DDUH is required to stop convicts from going to other hospitals ,\" said a bench of justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali, while examining an Army medical board report on repeated visits of the Nitish Katara murder case convicts Vikas and Vishal Yadav to various hospitals from Tihar jail.\"We direct the medical superintendent to submit a report about the infrastructure, facilities available for the inmates ,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551594", "title": "Agitating doctors not to boycott OPD from today", "text": "JAIPUR: The resident doctors who had threatened to go on mass leave and were boycotting work have now decided not to boycott the outdoor patient department from Sunday after one of their demands was fulfilled by the state government. But, there will be deduction in salaries of the protesting doctors for the period they boycotted work. From Monday to Saturday the resident doctors had boycotted work for three hours daily that put patients in problem.The agitating resident doctors said the state government on March 3 had issued notice that all resident doctors who are in service will get half the salary as study leave allowance, this created the problem.The doctors demanded additional stipend along with half the salary and boycotted work. Now, the finance department principle has agreed to the stipend for the in-service resident doctors who are studying in MD/MS/DM and MCH postgraduate courses.The finance department said that the principal secretary of medical education proposed that PG graduate students may be allowed emoluments based on study leave and stipend subject to ceiling of emoluments if they have not gone for the postgraduate course (on routine duty).Dr Prahlad Dhakar, president of Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors (JARD) said, \"As the finance department has agreed to give us stipend, we will not boycott work from tomorrow.\" The in-service resident doctors were not getting salaries for the past six months, the JARD claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15551187", "title": "Major train tragedy averted at Juhi yard", "text": "Kanpur: A major tragedy was averted when the engine of New Delhi-Kanpur bound Shramshakti Express derailed at Juhi yard on Saturday morning, affecting the movement of the trains for nearly three hours. The incident took place on Delhi-Howrah route at around 6.20am. The passengers heard a loud sound and a felt jerk. The train came to a grinding halt. The team of electrical and engineering departments of railways remained busy for hours in the maintenance work. A probe has been ordered into the incident.The train was moving at a slow speed and the impact of derailment was lesser. No passenger was injured in the accident. An accident relief train (ART) was rushed to the site of the incident to place the derailed engine back on the tracks. An extra engine was roped in and attached to the coaches of Shramshakti Express for taking it to Kanpur Central railway station. Around 11.40am, the train reached Kanpur railway station. The passengers got down the train at the spot of the accident and walked down to reach Kanpur Anwarganj railway station for onward journey. When the train reached Kanpur Central, there was no passenger inside it.Divisional railway manager Harendra Rao and other senior railway officials reached the site at around 1pm to investigate the cause of the derailment.The railway officials said that the derailment occurred when the train was changing the tracks. The officials also suspected that a technical snag in the points on the track may have resulted in the accident. After changing tracks, the train had to take a right turn and head towards Kanpur Central station but its wheels skidded off the tracks.Driver Nandlal said that he had apprised the senior officials of technical flaw in the tracks at Juhi yard. The train was running at a speed of 9km/hour and he had to apply emergency brakes to halt it. It was noticed that three wheels of the train had fallen off the track.After one-and-a-half-hour, the derailed wheels of the engine were put back on the track.A railway official said that the route was restored at 9.50am. One of the tracks on the Juhi yard leading towards Banda and Jhansi routes got blocked due to the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551198", "title": "Scam accused MLA\u2019s hosp stay invites anger", "text": "MUMBAI: Former housing minister Suresh Jain, prime accused in the Rs 169-crore Jalgaon housing scam, has been lodged in hospitals ever since he was sent to judicial custody in March.What has agitated Jalgaon residents is that while Prime Minister Manmohan Singh resumed office within 10 days of his heart surgery and Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray was out of hospital in eight days, MLA Jain continues to languish in hospital.Jain was a cabinet minister in the Shiv Sena-BJP government when the housing scam started. He was arrested on March 10 and after 10 days in police custody, he was sent to judicial custody. Special public prosecutor Praveen Chavan said considering his medical status, Jain was granted interim bail on March 22 and was operated upon on March 25. A local court had directed Jain to surrender within a month of his discharge from hospital. But since March 22, Jain has been in various private hospitals\u2014a Jalgaon hospital, Breach Candy and lastly Jaslok. He underwent a bypass in March at Breach Candy.When Jain applied for a bail extension in May, the prosecution insisted that he be checked by the KEM hospital medical board. The board certified that all his parameters, were under control and advised six weeks' rest. The court granted him a three-week bail extension in June and said he must surrender on July 5. \"A fortnight before the date, Jain again applied for a bail extension, which was rejected. But the court allowed him to take rest or get treated at Breach Candy. He was taken in anticipation judicial custody (on paper),\" said Chavan.On July 30, Jain's main bail application was rejected. \"It was expected that the court would direct him to surrender to jail authorities. Also, there was no recommendation for hospitalization. But the court directed the accused to submit all medical records and posted the matter for hearing on August 21. On July 31, the prosecution asked the court to direct Jain to surrender,\" Chavan said.Opposition leader in state legislature Eknath Khadse, also from Jalgaon, said state hospitals had the facility to treat accused. He asked, \"Why should he be treated in a private hospital?\"Jaslok Hospital CEO Dr R R Pulgaonkar said Jain was in hospital with court's permission. \"Every week, we send his reports to court. As soon as he recovers, we will discharge him,\" he said. He added Jain received seven grafts as three vessels of his heart were blocked. \"He has been under the care of Dr Sushil Munshi who also works at Jaslok. Jain was brought to Jaslok. He contracted pneumonia and had respiratory problems. He also has complications due to diabetes and is suffering from atrial tachycardiac problem (arrhythmia),\" he said.But a medical source said a patient's hospital stay was not determined by the number of grafts but post-surgery problems. He added Jain's prolonged hospitalization was unusual, especially as the KEM board had given an all-clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550840", "title": "Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd mortgages printing presses", "text": "HYDERABAD: The promoters of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd , who have outstanding dues of around Rs 3,270 crore with around 28 banks and financial institutions, have now mortgaged their printing presses located at Kompally in Hyderabad, Visakhapatnam and Coimbatore with IndusInd Bank to raise Rs 100 crore.According to the latest disclosures made by the company to the Registrar of Companies (RoC) at Hyderabad, DCHL has created an exclusive charge on these three printing presses along with a first charge on current assets (present and future) of the company, excluding Deccan Chargers.The money has been raised by DCHL at a 3% interest rate over and above the base rate being levied by IndusInd Bank and is repayable on demand, the RoC declaration indicates. Incidentally, though the mortgage was created on August 3, the disclosure was made to RoC Hyderabad only on Friday.DCHL promoters had earlier this month already mortgaged a prime 2,460 sq metre plot of land along with buildings located adjacent to DC's corporate office on 36, Sarojini Devi Road with Indian Overseas Bank to raise Rs 70 crore, even as they have already mortgaged printing press machinery at their facilities in Chennai and Andhra Pradesh with Canara Bank in mid-March this year to raise Rs 30 crore by way of urgent working capital requirement.Interestingly, after Indian Premier League governing council's two-week ultimatum to DCHL promoters earlier this week to sort out the mess created by their mortgaging Deccan Chargers assets to banks without the consent of Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), Religare Finvest has reduced its loan to DCHL from Rs 220 crore to around Rs 108 crore with effect from August 17.Apart from Religare Finvest, DCHL promoters had mortgaged Deccan Chargers assets with Yes Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank.Religare had sanctioned on June 1 this year a loan of Rs 220 crore to DCHL at 19% interest per annum for which DCHL promoters had assigned their Deccan Chargers franchise agreement without BCCI's consent, in addition to creating a mortgage on their IPL franchise payment, sponsorship payment to be received during the year, amounting to Rs 71 crore, and had also pledged over 3 crore DCHL shares, among other things.However, the August 17 disclosure to RoC Hyderabad shows that Religare now has a charge only on DCHL's 3,602 sq yard property at Karimnagar and 2,519 sq yard plot containing a three-storeyed semi-constructed building at A Narayanapuram in Anantapur district that were offered earlier along with the Deccan Chargers assets.DCHL promoters have already mortgaged various assets including movable and immovable properties in Hyderabad, Vizag, Vijayawada, Kadapa, Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai to banks and financial institutions.In Hyderabad, they have also mortgaged properties at Gachibowli, Secunderabad, Banjara Hills, Kondapur, Basheerbagh, Kukatpally and Somajiguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15556431", "title": "Excess of aerated drinks can harm teeth, say doctors", "text": "DELHI: If you consume 500 ml of aerated drinks every day, then you run a high risk of early tooth decay. Regular use of these drinks, dentists say, takes off the outer layer of the tooth. According to the dentists, there is a sharp increase in the number of patients suffering from this condition and teenagers top the chart. In initial stages, tooth decay or sensitivity can be treated through dietary changes and sensitizers but many patients have to undergo root canal treatment which is costlier.\"The aerated drinks - colas and energy drinks contains sugar, carbohydrates and carbonic acid. The acid in the drink tends to wear-off the outer layer of the tooth called enamel and then the underlying dentin. It increases sensitivity and one cannot have anything hot or cold drink. It is debilitating at times,\" said Dr Mahesh Verma, Director of the Maulana Azad Institute of Dental Sciences (MAIDS). He said that teenagers often eat refined food items like chips along with the aerated drinks which further increase the chances of tooth decay.\"Enamel loss can be caused in three ways: erosion (due to aerated drinks), attrition (due to gutkha and paan masalas) and abrasion (due to hard brush). Among teenagers, we are seeing a lot of cases of the first kind. At the initial stage, we try to control it by changing the dietary intake and if need be prescribing sensitizers - chemicals and bonding agents. But there are many cases, where a root canal is required,\" Verma said.Dr Bela Jain, a dentist with Sir Ganga Ram hospital said that repeated intake of the drinks, which contain carbohydrates in the form of sugar, gives more food for the bacteria and leads to more cavities. \"The acid in them demineralises the teeth and causes cavities. It is a good idea to rinse your mouth after consuming these drinks,\" she said.Jain said that one should use a straw to lessen the detrimental effects of aerated drinks. It reduces the amount of drink that comes into direct contact with the teeth. \"Children should rinse their mouths with water after drinking sugary drinks and take natural fruit juices instead of synthetic drinks,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552208", "title": "Gold rush in the Himalayas", "text": "In the months between May and July, Govind Rawat applies for long leave from his office in Dehradun and heads to his village above Joshimath near the temple town of Badrinath in the Uttarakhand Himalayas. There, he joins other villagers on a trek to the high altitude bugyals (alpine meadows) situated almost 5,000 metres above sea level. His quest, like that of many others who are fanning out to meadows in different part of the Himalayas during this time of the year, is for a thin, caterpillar like fungus which is locally known as keera jari (insect herb).The worm-like appearance belies the importance of this fungus, scientifically known as Cordyceps sinensis and highly valued as a tremendous energy booster in the traditional medicinal systems of China, Nepal and India. For Rawat and his co-villagers , it is worth its weight in gold, if not more. \"One kilogram can fetch at least Rs 2.5 lakh,\" says Rawat. \"But it is very difficult to locate, since it appears as any other twig sprouting from the ground.\" The difficulty in procurement as well as its perceived benefits as an energy enricher with aphrodisiac properties, have ensured that Cordyceps has remained a highly prized commodity for many centuries . \"Ever since herdsmen in Tibet discovered that their yaks became extremely energetic after eating this wild-growing mushroom, Cordyceps has been much soughtafter and has commanded astronomical prices,\" says Subrat Sharma of the G B Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development in Almora.The importance of the herb in Chinese medicine\u2014ancient records suggest that royal physicians of the Ming dynasty were aware of this wonder herb and used it to develop powerful medicines \u2014 has ensured that there is a surging demand for it in China. \" The Chinese are by far, the biggest consumers of Cordyceps,\" says Sharma.\"They procure a lot of it from Tibet, where it is called yarsa gumba, besides importing from Bhutan, Nepal and India.\"Incidentally, the Chinese fascination for Cordyceps came to the fore in 1993, when two relatively unknown women runners won gold at the Stuttgart World Championship and later followed it up by breaking three world records at the National Games in Beijing. Their coach later attributed it to the use of Cordyceps. This has led some to speculate that the high demand from China \u2014 which, some reports say, has even bought the herb for as high as Rs 20 lakh per kg \u2014 may be due to their sportspersons preparing for the Olympics this year.However, the spike in prices is more likely due to the low availability of good quality Cordyceps. Pariwesh Adhikari, a Kathmandu-based supplier, says that the use of bio-engineering technology has resulted in commercial cultivation of the fungus in some countries. \"The lab-grown variety is of low quality. What experienced buyers are looking out for is the wildgrowing ones, which have the maximum therapeutic value and fetch the highest price.\" The spiked demand and low availability has meant that Cordyceps hunting is almost like a gold rush in the Himalayas during the season it is found. Avid trekker and former president of the Himalayan Club, Suman Dubey recalls meeting many such 'hunters' a few years ago during a trek to the Kuari Pass. \"We were ambling along an airy path, ringed by summits rising well above 7,000 metres when we suddenly found ourselves in the midst of scores of village folk, seemingly with wings on their feet, poking and prodding at the slopes, looking for their seasonal treasure,\" he says.But the treasure hunt has a flip side too. Although the forest department fixes Cordyceps rates every year, many gatherers in the Indian Himalayas prefer selling their catch to local agents who offer a higher price than the government. This has lead to a rise in illegal trading. \"The sub-surface trade of Cordyceps is very strong,\" says Sharma. \"Because of the high price associated with the fungus and vulnerability of the collected material to theft and loot, transactions are often done secretly.\"Also, with gatherers aiming for maximum collection in a limited time-frame, alpine meadows often have to bear the brunt. This even caused Nepal and Bhutan to ban Cordyceps collection and sale for many years. Although both the countries have lifted the restrictions now, Bhutan in particular, has put in place tightly controlled regulations. \"There are guard posts in alpine habitats for monitoring collections. Also, only three members of each mountain dwelling family is allowed to go for collection , which is strictly restricted to a one month period, \" says Dorji Dhradhul, director of Bhutan's Department of Agricultural Marketing and Cooperatives.Perhaps, it's time other regions start thinking of similar safeguards, otherwise those searching for gold in the future might find there's only dust left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551011", "title": "Feast marks start of Parsi new year", "text": "MUMBAI: The Parsi community began its new year, Navroz, on Saturday by visiting the fire temple and rounded off the evening with a lavish meal and, in several cases, a Parsi-Gujarati play.Pateti, the final day of the outgoing year, was celebrated on Friday.Navroz marks a new beginning after a ten-day period of penance.Pateti is a day to seek forgiveness for past sins and Navroz the following day signals a fresh start. A senior member of the community, Adi Doctor, explained how in times gone by the new year was always observed on March 21. \"However, the Gregorian calendar gains one day every four years which is leap year. Around 500 years ago, the Parsis who came to India abandoned the old calendar and allowed the years to roll. Now the festival falls between March 21 and August,\" he said.Behram Ardeshir, trustee of the Dadysett Atash Behram, makes it a point to work this day albeit for a few hours. \"If I work during Navroz, then I will continue to work throughout the year,\" he said.\"My wife prepared saas ni machi, sali chicken and pulao dal for the main course and lagan nu custard for dessert. Navroz is one day to just forget everything and do what matters most,\" Ardeshir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15551341", "title": "Accused acquitted, court passes strictures against CBI", "text": "PANAJI: While passing strictures on the Central Bureau Investigation (CBI), a judicial magistrate first class court at Mapusa acquitted Sebastian Gabriel Marshal charged for allegedly entering into criminal conspiracy, committing forgery and cheating the Bank of Maharashtra to the tune of 14 lakh after obtaining loans.The CBI alleged that that the manager of the Porvorim branch of Bank of Maharashtra, Gopala Krishna Bhat, dishonestly and fraudulently disbursed seven different loans/advances amounting to Rs 16.75 lakh to Marshal, from August 2000 to October 2001, without obtaining any securities.According to the prosecution, Marshal submitted forged documents with the help of another accused, Jagannath Kinare (deceased). In this case, no chargesheet was filed against Bhat as the government authority did not grant sanction to prosecute him.While referring to the sanction refused by the authority under the charge of corruption, judge Sandeep J Natekar held that prosecution was not debarred from charging Bhat under the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Therefore, when Bhat is not an accused in the present case along with two accused the charge under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) goes off, the court noted.Commenting on the investigation, the judge observed thus: \"If one considers this evidence of panch witness R A Yadav (deputy SP CBI), the first informant who has conducted investigation himself of the major part of the case, then his investigation is not safe at all. The possibility of tempering with the investigation material cannot be ruled out. Therefore, this type of investigation cannot be accepted for proof of the allegation levelled against the accused.\"While holding that the oral evidence from the other prosecution witnesses is not reliable, the court observed that the witnesses from the bank implicate Bhat for his various lapses. The investigating officer also implicates Bhat for IPC offences, but surprisingly Bhat is not chargesheeted for IPC offences, the court remarked.The court observed that the witnesses from the bank implicated bank manager Gopala K Bhat for his various lapses. The investigating officer also implicates him for IPC offences, but surprisingly Bhat is not chargesheeted for IPC offences, the court remarked", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553566", "title": "Give solid food to baby when it's 6 months old", "text": "New Delhi: Every year, malnutrition kills thousands of children in the country. Those who survive, go on to suffer from health problems because of nutritional deficiencies. Experts say, to check malnutrition, efforts need to be made to create awareness about complementary feeding \u2014 preferably comprising of homemade semi-solid food items like mashed potato, bread and dal \u2014 when the child is six months, in addition to breastfeeding. Children with severe vitamin or mineral deficiencies may require additional health supplements.\"An appropriate diet is critical for the growth of children, especially in the first two years. It can reduce infant mortality and prevent malnutrition,\" said Dr K K Kalra, medical superintendent, Chacha Nehru Bal Chikitsalaya ( CNBC ), a super-specialty pediatric hospital.Introducing complementary food at the right age, in adequate proportion and at right intervals is important. \"We come across many parents, working couples in particular, who don't pay attention to their child's dietary requirements, often due to lack of time. Infants and young children need someone to not only offer them appropriate food, but also encourage them to consume it in sufficient quantity,\" he said.Complementary food should be given two-three times a day to children in the age group of six to eight months, and the proportion should be hiked to three to four times a day when the child is between nine and 11 months, say experts. Between 12-13 months of age, three-four meals should be given. Depending on the child's appetite, one or two nutritious snacks can be offered between the meals.According to Dr Anupam Sibal, senior pediatric gastroenterologist and group medical director, Apollo Hospitals, says maintaining good hygiene is crucial in checking infections. \"Caution must be taken while preparing food and one should wash the child's hands with soap before a meal,\" he said.Dr Sanjeev Bagai, pediatric nephrologist, CEO and dean, Radiant life, said that vitamin or mineral supplementation in babies should be administered under medical guidance. \"Some kids who have severe iron deficiency may require supplements but one should always consult a doctor. Excess dosage can damage the kidney,\" he said.A study done on 200 infants at Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital in Delhi to assess the reasons for inappropriateness in timing, quantity and consistency of complementary feeding showed lack of knowledge among mothers.About one-fourth of the mothers interviewed were aware of the right consistency and followed it, 46.55 per cent knew about the right quantity and 54 per cent had knowledge about the recommended time for starting complementary feeds. Only eight per cent (16) mothers had proper knowledge of all aspects of complementary feeding. Health experts call for increasing female literacy and implementing educational programmes on nutrition to reduce the knowledge gap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15552958", "title": "Chief town planner inspects \u2018stations\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: To ensure that minimum property is affected during land acquisition for the Ludhiana Metro and to inspect the sites coming under the project, chief town planner M S Aujla visited the city on Saturday. Municipal corporation is set to submit a feasibility report on the DPR that would be discussed with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation on August 22. Aujla said, \"I have inspected the marked sites for the proposed stations, including both elevated and underground parts. Certain verifications are still required at a few sites, such as the one near Badhowal dump.\" He said they will have to verify if the dump comes under 'no construction area'. Aujla said the most important aspect of the visit was to ensure that minimum property is affected by land acquisition. Municipal commissioner R K Verma accompanied Aujla along with the MC team that is preparing the report. \"The report, classifying the land coming under the project, will be shared with representatives of DMRC and RITES on Wednesday, and there after, a financial feasibility report would be prepared to be sent to the Centre for approval,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552507", "title": "Upper Lake close to full level", "text": "BHOPAL: In view of water level in the Upper Lake short of full level by little over a foot, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) reviewed arrangements at Bhadbhada dam control room. Water is released on the other side from the dam, when the Upper Lake reaches its full tank capacity level, BMC officials said.\"Mayor Krishna Gaur inspected arrangements at the Upper Lake and the control room at Bhadbhada dam on Saturday. The water level in the Upper Lake is 1665.50 feet against the full tank level of 1666.80 feet. Considering the present situation, chances are the Bhadbhada gates will open soon,\" said Udit Garg, in-charge, lake conservation authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "rameswaram (tn)", "code": "15555290", "title": "Lankan navy seize catch netted by Tamil Nadu fishermen", "text": "RAMESWARAM (TN): Sri Lankan navy today allegedly forcibly took away the catch netted by fishermen who put to sea from here, while they were fishing near Katchatheevu in the Palk Straits, Fisheries Department officials said. Lankan naval personnel allegedly surrounded ten boats and at gunpoint seized the catch early this morning , officials said.Officials claimed the Lankan Navy was now strictly enforcing the ban on Tamil Nadu fishermen from fishing near Katchatheevu, their traditional area of fishing.\"For the past one week, ten Sri Lankan navy boats have been anchored near the islet and they are using focus lights to warn the Indian fishermen going anywhere near Katchatheevu,\" said a fisheries department official. Assistant Director of Fisheries Kathikeyan said Lankan fishermen and navy would not have any objection to the Indian fishermen fishing in the area,provided they used proper fishing nets.But Rameswaram fishermen were using \"banned fishing nets\" which were causing harm to marine wealth, and as a result there were clashes between the fishermen and their Lankan counterparts, he said.Asked why the fisheries department was allowing banned nets to be carried into the sea, he told PTI \"I don't know what net they are using in mid-sea,and it is not possible to check every boat.\" Meanwhile, fishermen today returned with poor quantity of fish as they were not allowed near Katchatheevu,officials said.The Lankan naval personnel were patrolling in the area throughout the night, signalling with \"focus lights\" not to enter their area, they added.Katchatheevu is an islet ceded to Sri Lanka by India under an agreement in 1974.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15553299", "title": "Another family arrives from Pak, wants to stay in India", "text": "ATTARI: The arrival of Pakistani Hindu 'pilgrims' continued on Saturday as another family crossed the border, openly expressing their intention of not going back.Sunil Kumar from Sakkhar, who arrived here with his wife and children, said he had brought everything he had in his home, including bed covers, utensils and pillows as his future plans were to settle permanently in India. He said he was going to his relative in Lucknow to attend a marriage and would stay there for a month. \"My parents are still in Sakkhar. I have almost shifted everything I had and would go back to bring my parent after studying the legalities and other formalities required here,\" he said, adding that there were 'certain issues' in Pakistan which were difficult to address.Intelligence sources informed TOI that as many as 50 more Hindu families who were part of a 300-strong jatha of Hindus from Sindh had gone back to Lahore from Wagah and would arrive in India any day. \"This is for the first time that a large number of Pakistani Hindus are arriving in India. Earlier they used to come only in approved jathas, but this time it is not so,\" sources said. A family from Nankana Sahib, who had arrived a day earlier, said they were agriculturists and had no problem. Lal Chand and Gurmeet Singh said they had heard of some problems with minorities in villages near Nankana Sahib but not in their area. Gurmeet, who performs religious service at Gurdwara Nankana Sahib, said implementation of Sikh rehat maryada in Pakistan was difficult. \"There are so many shortcomings, we do not even have enough trained persons to perform religious duties\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15553380", "title": "Sirsa remains calm as Kanda surrenders", "text": "SIRSA: It was business as usual in former minister of state for home Gopal Kanda's hometown Sirsa after his surrender at Delhi on Saturday morning.His palace-like house on Rania road here wore a deserted look even as shops and other business establishments functioned normally. Fears of Kanda's supporters calling for a bandh vanished as the day progressed.The main gate of his house remained closed the whole day even as a few devotees gathered at the adjoining Tara Baba's temple. Kanda is a strong devotee of Tara Baba, a local godman popular in the region. Meanwhile, Kanda's statement that he was 'Sirsa's bhagwan' drew flak from various quarters. \"Bhagwan kabhi aisa kam karte hain kya,\" asked a shopkeeper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557250", "title": "Arnie leads the pack as he rides with motorbike gang in LA", "text": "Arnold Schwarzenegger led the way on a bike ride with members of the famous Black Hawks Motorcycle Club in Los Angeles .He clearly enjoyed having his hand on the throttle of the powerful chopper, and gave a friendly smile to fans as he waited at a red light, the Daily Mail reported.The weather was perfect for riding, as the 65-year-old actor zipped around the posh Santa Monica area on his 1940 Indian Chief motorcyle.He looked very much like his iconic 'Terminator' character on his outing, and had dressed in a black leather jacket, trousers and brown riding boots.The safety-conscious star also went for a retro cool look by donning an old fashioned open-faced helmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15552125", "title": "Labour department raid helps rescue child worker from hotel", "text": "NASHIK: A teenaged child labourer was rescued from a hotel near Kulkarni Garden on Friday by an NGO 'Childline 1098' with the help of the assistant labour commissioner and volunteers from the Women and Child Welfare Cell. An FIR has been registered and the boy is now at the government observation home.Acting on a tip-off, Childline volunteers had visited Hotel Heramb near Kulkarni Garden and found that the child was working at the establishment.They informed the assistant labour commissioner R S Jadhav, of what they had witnessed. A surprise raid was conducted by volunteers and labour department officials at the location at 12.30pm on Friday. and the boy, Yogesh Dule was rescued.An FIR over the incident was lodged at the Sarkarwada police station against the owner of the hotel, Sumedh Dandekar, late on Friday evening. \"The FIR state's the boys' age as 13 years. We have also asked the civil surgeon to confirm his age,\" said Hemant Bhamre, a volunteer.Dule is a a resident of Anandwalli, Gangapur Road. Dandekar had asked the boy's father, a labourer to produce the boy's school leaving certificate when the raid was conducted but he failed to produce it.\"The boy was studying in some school but had dropped out,\" said the volunteers. His mother is a domestic servant.Volunteers of the NGO have appealed to the police that the boy be cared for and protected under the Juvenile Justice Act 2000. They have also asked that he be presented before the child welfare committee so that the panel could oversee necessary action required for the minor's rehabilitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15551607", "title": "New office-bearers for KU students\u2019 union", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: Kerala University has elected a new panel of office-bearers to the university students' union. Joshy John, research scholar at the philosophy department of the university has been elected the new chairman. Rajeesh M ( SN College, Cherthala is the new general secretary.Abhimanyu T P (SN College, Kollam), Aneesh M S ( University College, Thiruvananthapuram ), Anju Sekhar (Bishop Moor College, Mavelikkara) have been elected vice-chairmen.Akhil Krishnan (St Gregorious College, Kottarakkara) and Harshakumar H (SN College, Punalur) have been elected joint secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15554693", "title": "HSC students who clear supplementary examination are now eligible for BBA admissions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, HSC (general) students who have cleared the supplementary exams will be offered admission in BBA courses. However, despite this desperate measures, only 300 seats have been filled.In all, 1150 seats have remained vacant but only 300 of these seats are likely to get filled considering the low number of students who have made applications.There are only two colleges who have got 25 and 10 students each while the rest of the colleges have got only five to seven students.The decision to give admission to students who cleared their supplementary examination was taken to benefit the college Management. \"Several seats were lying vacant in the colleges and hence the management requested the government to permit them to admit students who have cleared their supplementary examination. Hence for the first time the Gujarat government permitted the management to fill seats and permitted students who cleared supplementary examination to take admission,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15552875", "title": "Dudhsagar Dairy releases milk novelty", "text": "PALANPUR: Dudhsagar Dairy in Mehsana has claimed to have introduced a novelty in milk that helps it last at least for three months.The dairy's chairman Vipul Chaudhary released the new brand of milk on Independence Day. He said this milk is being sold in a pouch of 500 ml under the brand name 'Sagar Moti'. The milk, at present, is marketed in Mehsana and nearby areas of the district.Dudhsagar Dairy's executive director P R Patel said the milk gets ultra high treatment (UHT) treatment by boiling it at 140 degree Celsius for a few seconds. He said this process turns the milk bacteria-free and it remains fresh and non-contaminated for at least 90 days. It is available for Rs 16 a pouch.\"We also plan to introduce Sagar Moti in flavour brand and it will be available in a pouch instead of bottle. Our plant has the capacity to process one lakh non-contaminated litres of milk a day,\" added Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554877", "title": "Ravi Babu plays a cameo in Swamy Ra Ra", "text": "Director Ravi Babu, who was seen playing important roles in several films, will once again don the grease paint. The director will be playing a cameo in a film titled Swamy Ra Ra, which has Nikhil and Swati in the lead roles.The regular shooting of the film began in mid- July and Ravi Babu is expected to join the team in this schedule. Swamy Ra Ra is directed by debutante Sudhir Varma and produced by Chakri Chigurupati. The film, which has Sunny composing the tunes and Richard Prasad handling the cinematography, is expected to release in November.Ravi Babu earlier essayed villain and comedian roles in several films and his role 'Gulabi Govind' in the film Anasuya also won critical acclaim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15552058", "title": "Snakebite victims to get 1 lakh relief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government has finally given the nod for Rs 1 lakh compensation for snakebite victims and announced the norms for the legal heirs to claim the amount from the forests and wildlife department.The compensation scheme also included Rs 20,000 in case of grievous injury and up to Rs 5,000 for medical expenses in the event of a minor injury.Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal at a meeting of the state wildlife advisory board on July 19, 2011 had taken the decision to grant compensation after a proposal was put forward by then chief wildlife warden Gurbaaz Singh and board member Gurmit Singh. Punjab will be the second state after West Bengal to grant compensation for snakebite victims. The notification issued by financial commissioner (Forests) DS Bains on August 9, 2012, is effective from April 1, 2012.The move will directly benefit the rural and urban poor as well as peasants who suffer from snakebites. The rules for claiming death compensation say that an on-the-spot inspection of the body be done by a forest official not below the rank of a range officer/wildlife warden/deputy range officer or a police officer not below the rank of a sub-inspector. The death has to be certified by the sarpanch or municipal councillor. A medical certificate to determine the cause of death/injury will have to be issued by a government doctor not less than the rank of a senior medical officer.The case will then be forwarded by the DFO to the CWW, who will examine it and sanction the compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15552008", "title": "Trichy somersaults its way to gymnastics", "text": "TRICHY: The latest trend among schoolchildren in Trichy is stepping into gymnastics. This seems a positive sign given that Indians are now slowly excelling at alternative sports. However, shortage of infrastructure and trained coaches to groom them for global-level competitions raises questions about whether success will become reality.\"As many as 500 students between the age group of four and 16 from some private schools in Trichy are getting into gymnastics. Even around 50 students from two special schools are undergoing coaching for the game,\" MK Madhanlal, secretary of the Trichy district amateur gymnastics association, told TOI on the sidelines of the first one-day district-level tournament of the association held in Anna Stadium here.\"Earlier, there was a lukewarm response from students. Of late, it is gaining popularity among private school students. We have three coaches to train students through the apparatus owned by the schools. Our association also runs short of apparatus to train them effectively. A hall of gymnastics and allied apparatus should be provided. Many skilled students from government schools were not even aware of the sport. So, we are conducting a district-level tournament to spread awareness among them,\" he added.\"Another setback for the sport is shortage of skilled coaches possessing a diploma by the National Institute of Sports (NIS). NIS is run by the Sports Development Authority of India (SDAI), Patiala. There are only six such trained coaches across the state. The state government recently appointed two coaches for the entire state. So, our association identified Chennai, Salem, Coimbatore and Erode as potential centres and appointed two coaches each for the four centres. We will soon assign coaches in Trichy, Karur, Ariyalur and Madurai,\" said P Prabhu, general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Gymnastics Association, Chennai.He also said, \"Parents also support children to prove themselves in sports. Most of them prevent children from playing once they start writing competitive examinations.\"There is no coach for gymnastics in the district sports office in Trichy so far. Hardly any equipment is available there either.Dr P Kalaichelvan, district sports officer (DSO), told TOI, \"Coaching should be given only under the supervision of trained and skilled coaches to avoid untoward accidents. Many parents are afraid of unpleasant incidents that may happen to their children. If a student concentrates on gymnastics and swimming, he/she can excel in academics as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15552069", "title": "\u2018Dam water will first be reserved for drinking\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Considering the lack of rains in the catchment areas of the dams leading to water scarcity, the state government has decided to reserve the existing stock of water in the dams for drinking water purposes, to tackle a possible water crisis.Speaking to mediapersons on Saturday, State forest minister Patangrao Kadam, who also holds the relief and rehabilitation portfolio, said, \"Considering the unsatisfactory rainfall in the catchments areas of the dams and to avoid drinking water problems in future, the drinking water quota of one year will be reserved first in the reservoirs in the Nashik division and the rest of the stock will then be used for agriculture and other purposes.\"Kadam was in Nashik on Saturday for the Nashik divisional review meeting for relief, rehabilitation and forest departments. The Nashik division includes five districts - Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar.There are 19 large, 41 medium and 334 small water storage projects in the Nashik division. The water levels for large projects has reached 48 %, as against 59% cent during the same corresponding period last year. Water levels in medium and small projects are at 34% and 21% respectively this year. At corresponding periods last year, water levels in medium and small projects was at 53% and 40% respectively.Considering the water scarcity, around 378 tankers have been put in service in 382 villages and 1,276 hamlets in Nashik division, including 101 tankers in Nashik district. So far there are around 66 tehsils across the state, which have received less than 50% rainfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15552039", "title": "Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption catches woman surveyor taking bribe", "text": "TRICHY: The alarming increase in number of government officials being brought within the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-corruption (DVAC) net is baffling the police and public alike. A woman government surveyor working in Guvagam in Ariyalur district was caught red-handed taking a bribe of Rs 2,500 for issuing a land survey report to a man, here on Saturday.It was the fourth such arrest since mid July in Trichy region. A 57-year-old Manimozhi was working as a surveyor in Guvagam. One Karunanithi from Ilaiyur near Udaiyarpalayam Ariyalur district, the complainant, accused Manimozhi of asking bribe for issuing a survey report for his 4.5 cent land in the area that was made over to his wife Vijayalakshmi recently. As the land title can be obtained once the surveyor sends the report, he urged her to issue the report. At this juncture, she asked for a bribe of Rs 2,500 to give the report immediately. Since Karunanithi did not want to bribe her for getting his work done, he lodged a complaint with the DVAC on Friday evening.Sleuths of the DVAC laid a trap to nab the surveyor. As planned, Karunanithi met Manimozhi on Saturday morning and handed over chemically treated cash of Rs 2,500 to her. In no time, DVAC officials caught her red-handed. She was arrested and produced in court. Later, she was remanded in judicial custody.In July, DVAC police arrested two government officials including a deputy superintendent of police, Lalgudi, for taking a bribe. On July 13, D Saravanan, assistant engineer from TNEB, Samayapuram, Trichy, was entrapped while receiving bribe of Rs 10,000 from a man for removing electric posts from his land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553844", "title": "Gurgaon sitting on LPG bomb", "text": "Gurgaon: Unauthorized domestic gas refilling units operating across the city, particularly in the old city, are not only creating an artificial shortage of LPG but are also a safety hazard. In view of inexperienced hands illegally refill gas from standard LPG cylinders into smaller cylinders, a disaster seems to be waiting to happen. While the shop owners, on condition of anonymity, admit that small incidents of fire take place every now and then, they claim to be doing a service to residents who have no other means. The main reason behind the demand of illegal cylinders is tough access to LPG cylinders of authorized firms. The city has a large floating population which finds it difficult to meet the stringent rules for a proper gas connection. \"I live in a rented house with three colleagues. The procedure to get an LPG connection is as bureaucratic as getting a passport. I am in Gurgaon only for six months for a project in my office. I depend on the smaller cylinders for my domestic requirements. I know that it's unsafe but one chooses to ignore,\" said Rajnessh Singh, a DLF II %resident. \"In this city it is extremely difficult to get a gas connection and many people, especially the lower income group, depend on these small (4kg) cylinders to cook their food. I have four such shops in the vicinity where I sell and refill these small cylinders. Every day I buy 20 standard domestic LPG cylinders from a gas agency in Gurgaon. They charge me more than the official MRP. But it's a sort of necessarily evil,\" said an unauthorized LPG supplier in U-Block, DLF Phase-III. On safety hazards, he said: \"There have been few small incidents of fire but thankfully there hasn't been a major incident yet.\" At other places, TOI found that the shopowners had kept flammable materials inside the shops and were smoking cigarettes, throwing caution to the winds. A customer has to initially spend Rs 600 for the small cylinder filled with gas. Thereafter, he spends around Rs 70 per kg to get it refilled. District food and supplies department officials claim that they lodge police complaints against erring operators from time to time, but fail to stop this business. \"The problem has increased in the past six months ever since the central government decreased the supply of kerosene to all states by 40%. Now many domestic and commercial users are dependent on these small cylinders for cooking and lighting purpose. Cooking gas is a basic requirement and the supply needs to be increased,\" said an official. When asked, deputy commissioner P C Meena acknowledged the problem and said: \"The officials concerned will be asked to conduct raids and ensure that black-marketing of LPG doesn't take place in Gurgaon. Safety of the residents is paramount for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553220", "title": "CPM seeks action against people involved in Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM on Saturday reacted to CAG reports on Ultra Mega Power Projects (UMPP) and on implementation of public-private-partnership for the Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport stating it has \"shocked the nation.\"CPM said government's nonchalant response to the CAG reports and questioning them on grounds of Constitutional mandate is equally shocking. \"The sordid story of crony capitalism has become a hallmark of the UPA-II government. The government which comes out with tight fists over spending on food and nutrition security of the people take such a 'couldn't care less' attitude over such huge losses to the public exchequer while benefiting corporate houses,\" it said. The party has demanded that all responsible for fleecing public funds be brought to book and responsibility fixed.On PPP at IGI airport, CPM said the wrongdoing was facilitated by the ministry of civil aviation and Airport Authority of India. Collection of development fees of Rs 3415.35 crore, the CPM said, was also a contravention of the Operation Management and Development Agreement (OMDA), the AAI Act and the AERA Act.On the UMPP, CPM said, letting Reliance Powers Ltd; (RPL) to use excess coal from the three coal blocks allocated to the Sasan UMPP not only vitiated the bidding process but also resulted in undue benefit to RPL. The CAG report clearly pinpoints that the overall financial largesse to RPL due to this act of commission amounts to Rs 29,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550626", "title": "Parsis in Hyderabad observe Navroz amid fanfare", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Parsi community in the twin cities celebrated Navroz on Saturday with much gaiety as members got together for prayers and festivities that lasted till late in the night. The celebrations started early in the morning with members of the Parsi community, decked out in new clothes visited fire temples, offered prayers and wished each other a happy new year.Hyderabad has three fire temples, one in Hyderabad and two in Secunderabad, for its 1,200-strong Parsi community.Navroz celebrations began with prayers and festivities that continued into the afternoon with some prominent people of the community holding open house at their residences for people to visit, enjoy snacks and wish each other.\"We go over to the fire temple to thank god for the year that has gone by. We don't just pray for ourselves but also for the country,\" said Onim Debara, social activist and a senior member of the Parsi community. As part of Navroz celebrations, community members also handed out scholarships to meritorious students in the names of their dear departed.Community members said that Navroz celebrations were also about getting together with their families and enjoying the traditional Parsi lunch. After all, the Parsis in the city love to say that their celebration is about food, merriment and, of course, thanking god.So, the Zoroastrian Club had put together a programme of evening entertainment which was booked to capacity. \"We have 542 members in the club and tonight we had a booking for 475, which also includes guests,\" said club president Rohinton Noria. Listing out the delicacies that were on the menu, Noria said it included not just traditional Parsi fare such as Patrani macchi and dhansak dal, but also haleem, in keeping with the flavour of the season.\"The difference in the celebrations this year is that the programmes are being put up by members' children,\" said Noria, pointing out how no guest performers had been invited to entertain the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551397", "title": "Rajasthan University elections: ABVP steals march over NSUI, bags president post", "text": "JAIPUR: The ABVP stole a march over its rival NSUI in the students union elections held in the state on Saturday as its candidates were elected for the post of president in the main universities of Jaipur, Ajmer, Kota and Udaipur.In RU, Rajesh Meena of ABVP was elected president while NSUI candidates were elected as general secretary, vice-president and joint secretary. Meena defeated NSUI candidate Vidhyadhar Meel in a neck and neck fight. While Meena got 3,453 votes, Meel got 2,947 votes. Rebel candidates of NSUI including Chandrashekhar and Amit Kumar , who got 1,428 and 1,700 respectively, dented the prospects of NSUI candidate. This will be the second term for ABVP in RU since elections resumed in the state in 2010.Last year, Independent candidate Prabha Choudhry had surprised the ABVP by defeating its presidential candidate in RU.For the post of general secretary, Lalit Kumar of NSUI was declared elected with 2,769 votes, defeating Mukesh Sharma of ABVP who got 1,511 votes. For the post of vice-president, Neha Singh of NSUI got elected as she got 4,172 votes defeating Neelam Rathore of ABVP who got 2,690 votes.For joint secretary, again NSUI clinched victory as its candidate Rajendra Chaudhary got 2,777 votes defeating Jay Kumar who got 2,710 votes.In Maharaj Ganga Singh University in Bikaner, independent candidate Manohar Singh scored over NSUI and ABVP. The ABVP candidates have won in Maharishi Dayanand Saraswati University, Ajmer as well as at Mohan Lal Sukhadiya University, Udaipur.Minor scuffles, stone-pelting, mild use of force and massive victory rallies marked the students union elections in the state since morning.Noisy scenes were witnessed outside the Rajasthan College when Sonu Ram Meena was declared elected as president by over seven votes. His rival Abimanu Punia could not accept his defeat which triggered tension. Punia's supporters shouted slogans against the police and college administration and accused them of favoritism. His supporters sat outside the college gate demanding re-counting.In fact, the holiday mood due to Sunday and Monday's Eid-ul-Fitr could not dampen the spirit of students as over 55% of polling was recorded in the city. Leading the pack was Rajasthan College with 71% and Law College with 59% voting, while Commerce College recorded 44.05% voting. The biggest disappointment was at Maharani's College with only 30.8% girls coming out for voting. In Maharaja's college it was 67.56%. The turnout could have gone beyond 60% if the polling day is not followed by Sunday and a national holiday as many students have left for their respective places to enjoy their three-day off from classes.The voting for the students' union started at a strikingly low note at 8 am. For next two hours, during the initial phase, the voter turnout did not touch even the double digit mark. The situation was particularly bad at various departments within the RU campus, which wore a deserted look for most of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551073", "title": "Engineer held for electrical explosion", "text": "PUNE: A day after five-year-old Piyush Walunj sustained burn injuries in the minor electric explosion near a five-storey building in Thergaon in Pimpri-Chinchwad, the Hinjewadi police on Saturday arrested engineer Kanwal Gurudeo Singh Katariya (41) of NIBM Road in Kondhwa.Senior inspector Satish Deore, in charge of the Hinjewadi police, said Katariya, employee of a leading telecom communication company, was arrested for negligence as investigations revealed that he disconnected the cable wires, but did not remove it.Deore said Katariya was arrested under section 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code.Katariya's lawyer Rohit Takawane said his client was produced before a magisterial court, and was later released on bail of Rs 15,000.On Friday, Piyush received 40% burn injuries after he touched a loose hanging wire which had come in contact with a high tension wire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15557872", "title": "Hey designers, leave the kits alone", "text": "BANGALORE: For Manchester United fans across the world, the uneasy feeling had already begun before the end of last season. Prior to the club's cross-town rivals snatching their English Premier League title away, a sense of angst among supporters spilled over on social networking websites at the team's new kit for the 2012/13 season. It was as if fans knew a title loss combined with the new chequered, 'gingham' kit would be too much fuel for taunt.\"United's new jersey is a table cloth... no, it's more like a lungi,\" says Bangalorean Arpan Peter, a co-owner at an event management company. \"However, considering United's army of wannabe fans I'm sure the jersey will sell well and these fans will be ripped apart when they wear it,\" he says.On a more serious note, the hardcore Chelsea fan feels it has become tradition for teams to change kits and fans need not feel cheated when the jersey they paid thousands of rupees for is as outdated as yesterday's newspaper. \"I will not buy a shitty-looking kit just to keep up. I don't have to take what is shoved down my throat and would rather invest money on other merchandise,\" he says adding: \"Luckily, Chelsea have always made good kits.\"For United fans, it's the fact that the Manchester powerhouse has now joined European giants like Real Madrid and Barcelona that make some changes to their kit every season and justify it with what fans have termed marketing drivel which has stood out more than questionable designs. \"The striking gingham print is a tribute to the world-famous fabric that powered Manchester's growth from a small market town to a global centre of cotton textiles,\" the kit makers said during the launch, acknowledging the nod to the city's cotton industry which was thriving when the club was formed in 1878. With United recently signing a new shirt sponsor for next season, fans can expect another change.Mixed feelings poured out of Arsenal supporters after the London club's kit-makers, the same ones responsible for United's, added blue hoops to their traditional red and white kit. \"It looks like there's a French flag on their arms. I wonder if it was coach Arsene Wenger's design,\" says Arsenal loyalist Brijesh Ellickan. The added detail is believed to have been based on the hoops sewn into socks worn in the 1930s under Arsenal's iconic manager Herbert Chapman . While not as dignified as the club's 2006 Highbury tribute shirt, fans feel it's easier on the eye than the ones Alex Ferguson's men will sport.Anand Leonard, a Bayern Munich fan who works with a travel agency, echoed Peter's views adding true fans had the maturity to resist marketing campaigns aimed at boosting sales. \"Kit changes add freshness and are fine if they aren't too frequent. But marketing gimmicks behind then are to rip-off people by selling new shirts every year with minor changes in quality. While it can work, a true fan understands football is essentially a poor man's sport and those who cannot buy into the nonsense, will not. Kit manufacturers will try but they cannot become bigger than the sport,\" he says.Closer home, Indian Premier League teams too have used every opportunity to change their colours. Hyderabad immediately comes to mind. The team has already had three different kit in five years and considering their form in the league, could another change be in the offing for better luck? Royal Challengers Bangalore's efforts at going green, quite literally, is looked at as another tedious exercise to sell replica green shirts.\"Most of the time, it's the fans who feel cheated by changes and this creates dissidence,\" says brand expert Harish Bijoor. \"It's important that brands exercise a certain amount of caution when dealing with these matters and to a greater degree, understand fan sentiment. Supporters of a team are more intelligent than assumed and they can see through such campaigns,\" he adds.Bijoor says that while he does support green campaigns and social inclusion, it is important for brands to dabble in these issues without heaping costs on fans. \"A consumer will not connect with issue if he or she sees some commercial intent. The key is to have emotional positive strokes and not financial positive strokes,\" he says.With official team jerseys costing between Rs 2500 to Rs 3000 and genuine merchandise more accessible in India, it's parents who are hit hardest when kids want to emulate the Messis and the Ronaldos.\"Thanks to frequent updates, replica kits are out of the question and it's hard to explain that to kids. That's when we sometimes look to the grey markets and the world of cheap 'authentic fakes,'\" says software engineer Gaurav Bhat, who eight-year-old son Rahul is a big fan of Bayern Munich's Bastian Schweinsteiger . \"In design terms, if you thought some kit majors make bad decisions, you should see how things get lost in translation in these markets, leading to hilarious variations,\" he laughs.Last season, fan power triumphed when Welsh club Cardiff City's new Malaysian owners were discouraged from tampering with tradition and changing the club's colours from blue to red for luck. Opposition from some Cardiff's supporters also meant the club's crest remained that of a bluebird and not changed to a dragon. The message was clear. Spare us the marketing gimmicks, leave the kits alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553588", "title": "Govt wants to relocate Delhi's 18 elephants", "text": "New Delhi: The forest department of Delhi has written to the state governments to make the city an elephant-free area. There are 18 registered elephants in the capital, which the department claims are a traffic hazard and pose as a safety risk. Letters have been sent to Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, asking if the elephants could be taken by these states for use in tourism.\"The two states have not yet responded but we have been getting requests from individuals from these states and have agreed to send the elephants on the condition that they do not return to the capital. An order from environment and forests ministry mandates that an elephant registered in one state cannot travel to another without permission from both the concerned states,\" said sources.Of the 18 elephants, there is a pending request for one to be moved to Jaipur and the Delhi government is waiting for clearance from the Rajasthan government. One of the elephants was killed in a road accident in Noida recently, while another was injured.The injured elephant, sources said, would not be given permission to return to the city and the owner's license will not be renewed. \"The elephants travelled out of the capital without permission, and so we have decided not to renew the license of the surviving one. The elephants were routinely used for begging and in local fairs. This is a violation of the rules but Delhi forest department has the authority to prosecute under Wildlife Protection Act only,\" said a source.In July, Delhi was pulled into a legal battle when an elephant died and another was injured in a road accident Noida. The UP Wildlife department had asked Delhi government for a clarification on why the elephants had been allowed into the state (UP) without permission. \"We made it clear that it was UP govt's responsibility for permitting the entry of elephants into the state as Delhi had not issued any permission to the elephant owners. To avoid any further problems, we are now trying to send off the elephants to other states where they can be used more productively and not in violation of the Wildlife Act,\" said a Delhi government senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552393", "title": "Living &amp; loving Bangalore", "text": "Bharat ChetriIndia's hockey captain Bharat Chetri, who is taking a break from the rigours of the field, following his team's disastrous showing in the London Olympics, is relaxing in his hometown of Darjeeling. He was quick to add that he hadn't runaway from India's IT capital, stressing Bangalore was second home to him and he wasn't thinking of relocating.The 30-year-old stockily built goalkeeper, said, \"I've lived in Bangalore for the last 15-years and there are many things about the city that I really like, the weather, my friends and the people in general, the typical Bangalorean is gentle and caring. I feel absolutely safe there and I'll be back home after my holidays, which is in about 15-20 days.\"Chetri, who is employed by Canara Bank , and who often arrives to work in his latest acquisition, a Harley-Davidson, said he was essentially a small town boy. Chetri said his first trip to a big city came at the age of 16. \"I was in New Delhi for a competition and I cannot tell you how happy I was that I was in my country's capital,\" he gushed. \"Everything was different from Darjeeling and I was learning new things everyday from crossing roads, to living and training. We don't have much of a choice you know, we have to learn, that is the only way forward for us.\"Swar ThounaojamSwar (short for Swarnalata) Thounaojam left her native Manipur for Delhi when she was seventeen. During her time in Delhi University , she became involved with what would be her calling - theatre . Swar was always literary - she initially wanted to be a poet, but then became involved in theatre, mainly street theatre.After her education, she moved to Bangalore in 2004.She returned to theatre at the insistence of a friend, who suggested she write a one act play for Writer's Bloc. Writer's Bloc is an initiative to introduce new playwrights to Indian audiences, collaboration between The British Council, the Royal Court Theatre, UK, the Jindal South West Foundation and others. Swar's overnight effort was shortlisted and soon she was writing another play for them. That play was Turel, an examination of the relationship between the Brahmin Eigya and the crossdressing Luwangcha, set against the backdrop of a Manipur under the thumb of the army.Swar followed the success of Turel with a string of critically acclaimed plays, including Lucky Lobster and Fake Palindromes. For Swar, Bangalore is still the place she wants to live, though she mourns that it is not the place it used to be.Inkanglo JameerThe young deputy cmmissioner of Uttara Kannada belongs to the 2002 batch of Indian Administrative Service. She was working as additional scretary in Karnataka Bhavan in New Delhi before taking over as the deputy commissioner of Uttara Kannada. She had earlier served as assistant commissioner in Tumkur district.Inkanglo hails from Nagaland state and she studied till matriculation in Shillong. Then she continued her studies at Bishop Cotton College in Bangalore and Lady Shriram College in New Delhi. Her husband is in Indian Foreign Service and working in Rome. Her son Diwang is studying in kindergarten in Karwar. Ms. Jameer, who is presently in New Delhi on personal work, said that she had long links with Karnataka as she had done her college education here. She truly likes the local people and the multi-cultural milieu of Karnataka . \"People here are friendly and loving, \" she said. Though she is working in Karwar now, her first preference in the state is Bangalore, she said. H T SanglianaThe vice-chairperson of the National Commission for Minorities came to Karnataka from Mizoram in 1968 as a young IPS officer and since then Bangalore has been his home. Popularly known as the super cop, H T Sangliana inspired the Kannada industry to make three films on him which were sequels, where his dare-devilry in cracking cases was celebrated.After retiring in 2003, Sangliana plunged into politics and in his first attempt at electoral politics, won the Bangalore(North) Lok Sabha seat on a BJP ticket. When the BJP marginalized him, he quit. His next attempt to enter the parliament on a Congress ticket bombed and in the UPA-II government , he is now vice-chairperson of National Commission for Minorities . \"I was the superintendent of police of five problematic districts before coming to Bangalore. Among these districts was Chikmagalur, when former Prime Minister In- a politics by winning the Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll, '' he says. He's passionate about Bangalore's greenery and its cosmopolitan atmosphere . \"We have many non-Kannadigas residing in the city, who can claim a sense of belongingness. This is because the Kannadigas are boardminded and are the least demanding people. I have learnt to read and write Kannada. My best of time and life has been spent in Karnataka,\" he says.Contrubuted by Prajwal Hedge, Narayanan Krishnaswami, Naheed Ataulla and Deepak Kumar Shenvi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557677", "title": "Rizwan Sikandar, Priyal Gor &amp; Rehaan Roy in Gumrah", "text": "Lost Boy Productions' and Ekta Kapoor's 'Gumrah' season-2 aired on Channel V is picking up with each passing week.The show has been fetching good numbers and from what we hear, youngsters form a major chunk of the viewership.After roping in Vikrant Massey for the last episode, the production house has now finalized Rizwan Sikandar, Priyal Gor and Rehaan Roy for the upcoming episode.The upcoming episode of Gumrah Season 2 will revolve around betting and its ill-effects. Rizwan Sikandar, brother of actress Shama Sikandar, who made his debut on TV with 'Aaja Mahi Vay' will mark his comeback with 'Gumrah' .Apart from Rizwan, Rajkumari Manyata aka Priyal Gor of 'Dekha Ek Khwaab' and Rehaan Roy- last seen in 'Sajda' will also be seen on the show. A new comer hazel will also make her debut on small screen with ' Gumrah' .When contacted, Rehaan said, \"Yes, I am doing the show but I can't divulge anything on my character on the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550732", "title": "Vidarbha industries may buy power from private companies", "text": "NAGPUR: More industrialists of Vidarbha and other parts of the state are now mulling buying power from private companies instead of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) due to prohibitively high power tariff. As on date three industries from Vidarbha have gone in for open access (buying power from private players).RB Goenka, energy cell chairman of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), explained the impact of recent tariff hike on industries to the local industrialists on Saturday. He also pointed out that Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had flouted many norms in its order.According to Goenka the industrial tariff in August and September would be as high as 8 per unit. In October and November it will be around 7.50 per unit if some new surcharge is not levied. On the other hand two open access consumers from Vidarbha were buying power at 5.48 per unit and 5.70 per unit including wheeling charges.He advised the industrialists to go in for open access. \"It takes a month to get open access clearance from MSEDCL. You get two months time to install ABT meter required for open access. You can also buy a part of your requirement from MSEDCL and the remaining through open access. This is the best option,\" he said.He pointed out that while the average power purchase cost of MSEDCL had increased by 43 paise per unit in two years, the supply cost had increased by 86 paise. \"The power purchase cost for 2012-13 is 3.39 a unit but the supply cost is 5.56. This means we will pay 2.17 per unit for other expenses, which is very high,\" he said.Ravindra Kaskhedikar of Jan Akrosh said that VIA should fight for the cause of all consumers of Vidarbha and not only industrialists. \"We must educate and organize the common consumers to take on MSEDCL,\" he said.Ex-VIA president Pravin Tapadia said that VIA always kept interests of common consumers in mind and would continue to do it. Incumbent president Prafull Doshi also gave similar assurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15553815", "title": "Maruti to fill security gap with ex-armymen", "text": "Gurgaon: Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) will for the first time have a contingent of retired armymen headed by a top-ranking (retired lieutenant-general rank) ex-officer posted at the Manesar plant to bolster the security arrangements and vigilance, said a top company official. Over a month after the July 18 violence and arson, the company has announced that the plant would be reopened on Tuesday (August 21). The company is reassured by the state government's series of steps such as deployment of 500 policemen at the plant and providing personal security officers (PSOs) to executives. But it is considering providing employment to ex-servicemen of the region to be a strategic move. The process of recruiting the security head has begun. \"The company has retired army officers working in the security wing but now the post of the person in charge will be held by a very senior officer,\" said a senior management executive. The decision to rope in senior armymen was taken during a stock-taking meeting held recently. \"After the discussion the short-listing of candidates' names was done and the final choice will be announced soon,\" said the executive. The induction of the ex-servicemen would be in addition to the private security personnel posted at the plant. The automobile giant will be the first company to have a large number of ex-servicemen looking after the security apparatus and internal safety. The recruitment of retired armymen, mainly those based in nearby areas is going to be a strategic move for the company, said the executive. It must be noted that the region has a large number of ex-servicemen residing in villages and urban areas. According to company officials, the July 18 incident exposed the critical security gap in dealing with a large number of protesters. The security personnel were not equipped to handle the sudden violence and arson that happened on that day. Company sources say that the experience of ex-servicemen in handling difficult situation would come in handy in such situations. The company officials have already carried out several rounds of talks with the Gurgaon police about the security arrangements at the plant. All the damaged security apparatus like the CCTV network has been changed and the system is working flawlessly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15553420", "title": "Laxman should have played more: Srinath", "text": "BANGALORE: Among the many Mysoreans who watched VVS Laxman take apart KSCA President's XI on August 7 and 8, scoring a brilliant 169 from 207 balls, was his former India teammate Javagal Srinath, who was present in his capacity as the secretary of the host association, the KSCA, but became a fan all over again.\"It was a real privilege watching him in the Shafi Darashah, he was in the zone. Having seen him play that day, it becomes even more difficult to accept that he has retired,\" Srinath told TOI on Saturday hours after Laxman called an immediate end to his illustrious career.That in a way lent weight to what Laxman insisted on right through his press conference in Hyderabad: that it was a call taken in the last three to four days, not earlier. He was a man preparing himself for the grind ahead with no thoughts of retirement as his frequent visits to the NCA in Bangalore also indicated.No wonder Srinath was more than a bit surprised. \"I wish he could have played more, at least in Hyderabad (for the opening Test against New Zealand) but we have to honour and respect the timing of his decision,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15557212", "title": "MNS demands resignation of home minister R R Patil and Mumbai police commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray has launched scathing attack on the ruling DF government for its failure to curb August 11 \"riots\" in Mumbai. Thackeray has demanded the resignation of home minister R R Patil and city police Commissioner Arup Patnaik following the public violence in South Mumbai in the wake of protest rally organised by several Muslim organisation.\"Patil doesn't understand the dynamics of the home department. He should immediately quit office and make way for (deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar),\" Thackeray said.The estranged nephew of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , Raj even slammed Patnaik for demoralising the Mumbai police. \"Patnaik has no right to continue as Mumbai police commissioner even for a minute,\" Thackeray added.The party has even planned a morcha on Tuesday to mark its protest against the Mumbai violence. \"There was no need for mrocha and violence in Mumbai over the incidence happening in Assam. But there is something more behind the rally organised by the several Muslim organisations. Police should probe the case and find out the real reasons as well culprits involved in the riots,\" said an MNS functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "15551508", "title": "Boy drowns in Hooghly after dad\u2019s slap", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A 10-year-old boy fell into the Hooghly after his father slapped him in a drunken rage at a ghat in Shyamnagar, in the northern outskirts, on Saturday morning.Little Rohan's body had not been found till Saturday evening. Divers are still looking for him. His father, Apu Bhagol, was arrested in the evening after hiding all day in a hospital.Rohan, a Class V student, was watching an idol immersion at the ghat, along with some relatives and neighbours, when his father slapped him without provocation, say police.The boy lost his balance and fell into the river, which was in high tide then. He was swept away within seconds. A few men jumped into the river to save him but could not. The last they saw of the boy was a panic-struck face and hands waving desperately for help.\"Rohan's father did not bother about saving him. He slunk away in the chaos,\" said a local. Apu got himself admitted to Bhatpara hospital, but the doctors discharged him when they did not find anything wrong with him. He was then arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550927", "title": "Coming on point of instigation, the high court stated that it is to goad, urge forward, provoke, incite or encourage doing \u201can act\u201d", "text": "NAGPUR: As the government mulls to include service sector, especially IT industry in the ambit of industrial employment standing orders (IESO), the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) is strongly backing the move.The ICSI, which is the statutory body regulating professionals engaged in compliance of corporate and other related laws, is suggesting that there is no need to bring an amendment in the law for this and, instead, a notification should be enough. The institute is also pushing the case of its members for acting as compliance officers in the orders' implementation.The standing orders pertain to compliance of a host of legislations related to labour welfare, such as provident fund, factory act, payment of bonus and gratuity and have so far been applicable to the manufacturing sector only.\"ICSI is parleying with the labour ministry and emphasizing that to include a new type of business into the standing orders does not require any change in the law. The service sector, can be included by just issuing a notification modifying the original order,\" said ICSI president Nesar Ahmed.Ahmed, who was talking to newspersons at the sidelines of a seminar organized by the institute, said almost every company engaged in the service sector already has a company secretary who can also act as a compliance officer for implementation of standing orders. \"Those not having one, can get the services of a practicing company secretary,\" he said.ICSI is also lobbying with the World Trade Organization (WTO) for the inclusion of services related to corporate governance into the free trade regime. Ahmed, who also heads the Corporate Secretary International Association, had led a delegation to WTO headquarters at Geneva, along with representatives from Hong Kong and UK recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551093", "title": "Three websites with provocative content blocked", "text": "MUMBAI: The cyber crime investigation cell (CCIC) of the city police has blocked three websites that were showing provocative videos of violence against Muslims in Myanmar . The police have also identified at least 25 videos on various websites that show killing of Muslims in Assam and Myanmar.The duration of the videos is between six minutes and 10 minutes. Investigators believe the provocative content of the videos had fanned anger, resulting in violence in south Mumbai on August 11.Additional commissioner of police (detection, crime branch) Niket Kaushik said, \"We have gone through all the videos and clippings and found that some of these were doctored. The images used were not of the violence in Assam or Myanmar. We have also blocked several blogs that were discussing these issues.\"Kaushik said the police have written to service providers and sought information on internet protocol (IP) addresses of websites from where these videos were uploaded. \"Until we get the information, it will be difficult to say where the videos were uploaded from,\" said Kaushik.\"These provocative clippings were sold in the form of an MMS for Rs 10 each a few days before the riots. We are also keeping tabs on some mobile memory card dealers who had upload videos in the cards. If found guilty, action will be taken against them,\" said a crime branch officer.Sources said a clipping titled \"Muslim being burnt in Burma \" is actually that of a Tibetan protestor who had set himself ablaze two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "15552272", "title": "Naga Hoho calls for NE unity against illegal immigrants", "text": "DIMAPUR: Naga Hoho, the apex tribal council of the Nagas, has said the communal tensions in the region and the persecution faced by people from the northeast in the southern part of India are direct fallout of the ballooning population of illegal immigrants in the northeast.The council said the Prime Minister and chief ministers of every state must be sincere enough to protect life and property of the NE people, \"or else, the people in mainland India will have to state clearly that the NE states are not an integral part of India.\" The Naga Hoho, while extending solidarity to the NE students and professionals in the south, asked them to stay calm and not take hasty steps as one's career is more precious when they are away from home.The council said it's time the northeastern states unite and flush out illegal immigrants for good, to safeguard the future of the NE people from the hands of aliens. Naga Hoho publicity secretary C Daipao on Friday said the process to check illegal migration in the northeast, which started during the British Empire, remains unfinished despite various efforts made at the national level.The council said the overall Muslim population in the Northeast has grown from 16 to 18% in 1950's and 60's to over 40% at present. However, illegal immigration from Bangladesh remains unchecked and is considered a sensitive issue exploited by politicians for their vested interests, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552635", "title": "Exodus from Chennai continues on third consecutive day", "text": "CHENNAI: The flow of passengers to the northeast from Chennai continued on Saturday, but the numbers had reduced. Official sources said more than 5,000 people left the city in the past three days. On Friday night, eight coaches were attached to three special trains from Bangalore to the northeast, but no special train started from Chennai. Besides workers from Bangalore and Chennai, people from the northeast living in Coimbatore, Kumbakonam, Tirupur and Kerala continued to come, though in fewer numbers, to board trains home, said a senior railway official.Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy said those who couldn't board trains on Friday were accommodated in regular services bound for Guwahati, Patna and Kolkata.The flow of passengers was being monitored. \"We are doing everything possible in coordination with the Government Railway Police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force (RPF),\" he said. With the number of people arriving from Bangalore decreasing, Southern Railways did not announce any special trains on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "townsville", "code": "15555394", "title": "India colts face formidable Pakistan in World Cup quarters", "text": "TOWNSVILLE: It will be a test of India's batting skills against a formidable Pakistani bowling attack when the two arch-rivals lock horns in the quarterfinals of the ICC Under-19 World Cup on Monday.Indian colts managed to put their campaign back on track after losing the opening encounter to the West Indies, but their batting has been a big let-down.Apart from their match against Zimbabwe, where the top-order clicked in unison, India's batting has been inconsistent with some of the big names like skipper Unmukt Chand and Baba Aprajith failing to deliver the goods.Chand has amassed 104 runs from his three outings in the tournament so far with 78 against Zimbabwe being the best, while Aprajith has managed a meagre 43 from a similar number of matches.The only bright spot in India's top order has been opener Prashant Chopra, who after a poor beginning against the West Indies has come back strongly to score a couple of half-centuries in the following matches.Vijay Zol and wicketkeeper-batsman Samit Patel have been good with the willow in the middle order, but they definitely need to be better against a potent Pakistani attack.India, though, can boast of a reliable bowling attack which has been able to deliver with some degree of consistency in the tournament so far.However, against Pakistan it will be a different ball game altogether with their captain Babar Azam leading from the front.Azam has accumulated 182 runs from three matches including an unbeaten ton against the Scotland. His only failure with the bat came in Pakistan's previous match against the New Zealand.With the past record also not favouring the Indian colts, it will be a tough task for the boys in blue.India enjoys an overall 9-7 record against Pakistan in Under-19 cricket, but the green shirts have performed better in big and pressure matches, having won five of the six contests in the World Cups.India's only victory in the U-19 Cricket World Cup came in 1998 in Durban where they beat Pakistan by five wickets.However, skipper Chand is confident of a good show against Pakistan in the knock-out match.\"Pakistan will be a challenge but we have worked hard on our skills coming into the tournament and also on the mental side of our game,\" the Indian skipper said ahead of the all important match.\"We played Pakistan twice in Malaysia in June and learnt a lot from those matches. So, we are confident that we can perform very well not only in the quarter-final but also in the rest of the matches,\" Chand said.Pakistan have looked good in the tournament so far with three consecutive wins, the only time they seemed to flounder was against the Kiwis where they lost five wickets while chasing 152 for victory.\"We played India in the Asia Cup in Malaysia before this tournament and we won one match (by one run) while the other game (the final) ended in a tie. There is always a tight contest between us and we are expecting nothing different this time,\" Azam said. \"Our players are aware of how exciting this is for the supporters of both the teams. They know that there will be millions of fans glued to their screens seeing the action when we meet. The last time we met the games were exciting so we hope that continues,\" he added.Meanwhile, New Zealand will play the West Indies in the last quarter-final match at Endeavour Park 1 tomorrow.The winners of India-Pakistan and New Zealand-West Indies matches will play in the second semi-final at Tony Ireland Stadium on Thursday.Squads (From): India: Unmukt Chand (capt), Akshdeep Nath, Baba Aparajith, Prashant Chopra, Sandipan Das, Harmeet Singh, Akhil Herwadkar, Rush Kalaria, Kamal Passi, Smit Patel (wkt), Ravikant Singh, Sandeep Sharma, Hanuma Vihari, Vikas Mishra, Vijay Zol.Pakistan: Babar Azam (capt), Umar Waheed, Azizullah, Ehsan Adil, Faraz Ali, Imam-ul-Haq, Mir Hamza, Mohammad Nawaz, Saad Ali, Salman Afridi (wkt), Sami Aslam, Shahid Ilyas, Usman Qadir, Zafar Gohar, Zia-ul-Haq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551236", "title": "Brace for railway blocks today", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line services will run between CST and Mankhurd from 10.15am to 3.30pm on Sunday due a mega block. Passengers will be allowed to use the Trans-Harbour and Main lines in this period.On CR's Main line, fast services towards Thane will be diverted to the slow tracks between Matunga and Mulund from 10.30am to 3.30pm. On WR, there will be a block between Churchgate and Mumbai Central from 10.35am to 3.35pm in the slow corridor. Trains will run on the fast tracks . Some trains will be cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552258", "title": "DPS boy emerges best speaker, Don Bosco lifts team trophy", "text": "Patna: It was a treat to watch the budding talents of seven city schools debating a serious topic - 'Capital punishment should be abolished in India'. They might be lacking in punching their points with data and details but it was no less lively a debate than how academics and leaders discuss such topics at TV channels.The fourth inter-school debate and quiz competition organized by Prarambhika, Digha branch, on Saturday provided a perfect platform for 28 school students of class V to IX to develop the aptitude for a healthy competition in order to compete with their peers and appreciate the talent of others.Shivani and Aadarsh of Don Bosco Academy emerged the winners of the debate competition and lifted the 'Satya Championship Trophy' for the motion, 'Capital punishment should be abolished in India'. But the honour of the best speaker went to Virupaksh Vikram Singh of Delhi Public School while Astha Srivastava of Prarambhika was adjudged the most promising speaker and Ayushi Jain of Radiant International was the most convincing speaker of the debate.In the quiz competition, the DPS team comprising Rohit Amitesh, Mansi Manasvi, Kumar Saurav and Uddyan Raj Singh won the 'Vipin Championship Trophy'. Sangharsh Jha, Arkesh Mishra, Satyam Raj and Ramakant of Don Bosco Academy were declared the runners-up.Justice Samrendra Pratap Singh was the guest of honour. He was very impressed with the performance of the students. \"This was the best organized programme I have attended,\" he said.DM Sanjay Kumar, who was the chief guest on the occasion, gave away the prizes.Prarambhika, DPS, Radiant International, International School, Don Bosco Academy, St Karen's High School and MG Public School took part in the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15557098", "title": "MNS MLA defy party chief Raj Thackeray's views", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has adopted double standards on the issue of recent Mumbai riots, at least it seems so. MNS chief Raj Thackeray might have gone hammer and tongs against the Raza Academy for the violence the rally organized by it caused in Mumbai. But his party men don't seem to be sharing his opinion. In a hush meeting on Thursday night, MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar met Maulana Syed Moin Ashraf, one of the Maulvi who was on the dais of the rally that was organised by Muslim organisations on last Saturday in Mumbai. Nandgaonkar is a close aide of Raj who is also the group leader of the party in the state legislative assembly. Several Muslim organisations on last Saturday had organised a rally to protest against ethnic trouble in Assam and on issue of Myanmar. The rally later turned into violent agitation as few of the protestors allegedly molested women, assaulted citizens, ran away with police weapons and torched few vehicles including police and media van.After repeated attempt Nandgaonakr was not available for the comment. But Maulana confirmed the meeting and said, \"There is nothing wrong in Nandgaonkar's visit. I have good equations with every political party.\" \"Those indulged in August 11 (riot) incidence should be punished. No member from the community will endorse the act of the miscreants,\" he added.According to the party sources, Nadgaonkar was accompanied by MNS activist Haji Arafat Sheikh to meet Maulana Syed Moin Ashraf. The meeting was held at Maulvi's residence in at Agripada in Central Mumbai. Interestingly Maulana Syed Moin Ashraf who is also the president of Ashrafia Qadriya at Grant Road has good equations with other politicians including Samajwadi Party chief and former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav. In fact, Yadav along with SP MLA Abu Asim Azmi had visited Maulana Syed Moin Ashraf residence in Mumbai.Nadgaonkar and Sahik's visit has not gone down well with the MNS rank and file for two reasons-one--Raj Thackeray slamming the Muslim organistaion for the rally and secondly for meeting a person having equations with the Samajwadi Party. Few years back the MNS has launched a agitation against the North Indian's in the state and the SP had strongly opposed the MNS's sons-of-soil agenda. \"This is like putting mud on your face, what was the need for Nandgaonkar and Shaikh to go meet the Maulana especially after Raj's criticism.?\" a miffed MNS leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554800", "title": "It\u2019s click and share for city shutterbugs", "text": "On World Photography Day, we speak to city photogs on what entices people to pick up the cameraThey say a picture is worth a thousand words. After all, photography is the index of the mind. And while professional photographers were believed to be the only ones who could deliver the goods, today, anyone equipped with a decent camera can get enviable shots. We explore what drives people to make the lens their canvas.Affordability is the keyIt is said that photography has become as easy as saying hello to a person. This does hold true with several people, especially youngsters who capture moments that could rival those shot by a professional. What really entices them? Pee Vee, co-founder of Bangalore Weekend Shoots explains, \"For several people, affordability is the key. They take pictures with their mobile phones (which are all hi-tech these days) and upload them on social media. The pictures, in turn, may get many likes, persuading them to receive as many hits and likes, which give them the notion that perhaps equipped with a good camera, they could do better. These days, it has become rather cool for someone to be called a techie, traveller and a photographer.\"A haven for photo walksWhile an amateur photographer might find it hard to capture people, places and things himself, photo walks come as a breath of fresh air for those who like to walk, talk and then shoot pictures.Photo walks are helpfulThe concept gained popularity in the city a few years ago. Pee Vee says, \"We started the group in 2005 with about five to 10 people. Today, we conduct photo walks almost every weekend with as many as 30 participants. Earlier, amateurs would hesitate to venture out alone, but photo walks help them broaden their knowledge.\"1,000 photos make no shutterbugThere is a difference between commercial photography and art photography explains lensman Jude Gabriel. \"It is nice that everyone is embracing photography. Today, there are different types of photographers \u2014 amateurs, commercial and artistic photographers. Artistic ones can never be compared to the other two categories, as the latter two's work is completely superficial,\" says Jude. Photographer Shibu Arakkal adds, \"Just because someone can afford a camera, and takes 1000 pictures, this will not make that person a photographer. It is a technological medium, and getting deeper into the art is bliss. You can never say that you've mastered the art, it is constantly evolving. Unless you know film photography, you can't call yourself as an artist.\"The generation is not trendingNew trends in photography evolve very rarely, says Abhishek Poddar. \"Photographers like the late Prabuddha Dasgupta and Raghu Rai, inspired people to take photography to a different level. A trend is more like a movement in which everyone picks up a certain form, but, today, you don't find many who inspire that kind of artistic work,\" SCR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15554217", "title": "The wait continues for Tom Joseph", "text": "KOCHI: Former Indian volleyball captain Tom Joseph has missed out on the Arjuna award yet again. In an international career spanning 13 years, Tom has been considered for Arjuna eight times but has missed out on every single occasion.And quite expectedly, the veteran volleyball player from Poothamapara in Kozhikode, is gutted after being given the cold shoulder by the Arjuna award selection panel.\"I was in good form during the nationals that helped me earn national selection for Challenger Cup in China and the Olympic qualification tournament in Berlin this year. Though former players and fans touted me as the most deserving candidate from volleyball for the award, the end result has disappointed me again,\" said Tom.But the lanky all-rounder has no intention of calling it quits. \"If I can grab the best player award at 32, I am fully confident that I can bring more laurels for the state and country. I am not bothered about the reasons that keep me out of Arjuna award. I will keep playing,\" added Tom.Tom, currently working with BPCL, Kochi, was instrumental in Kerala winning the national championship in 2001 and 2011. \"Volleyball still is a second grade sport in our country. I have won so many medals in various Asian championships and represented India in two Asian Games',\" a dejected Tom said.The Indian volleyball team's head coach GE Sridharan also criticised the Arjuna award selection committee's decision. \"I feel very sorry for Tom. He is a champion player and should have been given the award much before. It's very disappointing to see nobody from volleyball have got the award this year,\" said Sridharan.Tom is still hopeful that his performance during the current season will do the talking next year. \"I don't play for awards. But being nominated for eight years and rejected year after year is something that is difficult to digest. There was nobody in the selection committee from Kerala this time who could plea for my case and once more I feel left out,\" signed off Tom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "15551974", "title": "Four killed in gruesome accident near Dindigul", "text": "DINDIGUL: In a gruesome road accident, four people were killed at Oddanchatharam in Dindigul district when a mini lorry they were travelling in rammed another lorry on Saturday morning.One person has been admitted in hospital with severe injuries. Police said the accident could have happened as one of the drivers may have dozed off resulting in the vehicle going out of control. All the four victims were livestock traders from Madurai. They were identified as Krishnan (54), son of Chelliah of Alangudi, Soundarapandi (31), son of Mani of Keelathope, Noor Basha (55), son of Mohamed Khan of Karupayurani, and Sathish Kumar.Police said the four victims along with Mahendran (22), son of Palaniswamy from Neikarapati near Palani, had set off from Madurai on Friday night and were heading towards Narikalpatti in Dindigul district in the mini - lorry to buy goats at the livestock market there.When the mini lorry was nearing Virupachi near Oddanchathiram on Saturday, the mini lorry lost control and rammed a lorry laden with paper from Maduthukulam in Tirupur district. The paper laden lorry was speeding in the opposite direction towards Sivakasi.In the impact, the frontal portion of the mini lorry was mangled and the inmates were trapped inside. Two of them, Krishnan and Soundarapandi, were crushed to death on the spot.Motorists crossing the spot informed the ambulance and police officials. Police rushed there and rescued the injured from the mangled remains of the vehicle and sent Noor Basha, Mahendran and Sathish Kumar to a private hospital in Oddanchathiram.However, Sathish Kumar and Noor Basha were declared brought dead, while Mahendran was shifted to Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai after first aid.Police have arrested S Sivabalamurugan, driver of the lorry from Srivilliputhur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552197", "title": "Lack of venues plays spoilsport", "text": "KOCHI: With the city gearing up for yet another Onam, lack of adequate open spaces and exhibition centres pose a major hurdle in conducting shopping dhamakas. Organisers here have been running for want of venues.Exhibitions and fares in the city are normally held in venues like Ernakulathappan Ground, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium , Marine Drive, Rajendra Maidan and Barbar Hall Ground. Interestingly, the city, which hosts many exhibitions and fares, does not have any permanent structures for conducting them. \"Many Indian cities including Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad have permanent structures under the government for conducting exhibitions,\" said Ullas M U, business head, IICF, organisers of exhibitions. \"We were planning to organise a fare during Onam but forced to drop them due to difficulty in getting venues,\" Ullas added.The Ernakulathappan Ground is the much-sought after venue in the city during festive occasions and hosts at least three major exhibitions every year.According to the temple authorities, the ground is allotted after floating tenders and even people from outside Kerala take part.In an attempt to promote government ventures, a portion of the temple ground has been reserved for government departments and corporations such as Supplyco, Consumerfed, Horticorp, and Integrated Rural Development Programme (IRDP) mela.Rent of the venues has sky rocketed in the recent years because of the absence of sufficient space and increased demand. The rent of the Ernakulathappan Ground, which was around Rs 8-10 lakh two years ago for a month, has now reached Rs 20-24 lakh. According to many traders skyrocketing prices of the venues has become a burden for them.\"With the rent of the venues going up drastically, it won't be viable for us unless there is a good turnout of buyers. We are paying Rs 1,000 for a day to the organisers as rent for our problem. If the rent goes up like this, it would be really difficult to take part in the Onam fares in the coming days,\" said a trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "anjar (bhuj)", "code": "15552909", "title": "Policeman arrested for raping woman in Anjar", "text": "ANJAR (BHUJ): A head constable with Anjar police station allegedly raped a woman after putting her husband in a lock-up on Saturday morning.The accused, identified as Nathu Puri, was arrested within a few hours of the crime, following the victim's complaint.Police said Puri was on night duty at Anjar bus depot on Friday when he spotted the couple alighting from a bus. \"The couple had come from Sabarkantha to work as labourers in a pipe manufacturing unit in Anjar. Puri asked for their identity cards.When the couple could not produce any, he took them to the police station. There, he locked up the husband and took his wife in his car,\" said Veer Yadav, additional superintendent of police, Anjar.Puri took the woman behind Anjar government guest house where he allegedly raped her. Later, he took the woman back to the police station and set the couple free. After their release from the custody, the couple went to the manufacturing unit and narrated their ordeal to the factory-owner.The couple requested the factory-owner to help them lodge a police complaint in this regard. Puri was nabbed within an hour after the complaint was lodged. Meanwhile, police have sent the victim for medical check-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15552975", "title": "Odia man goes missing in Malayasia", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A man from Odisha, who was supposed to fly from Kuala Lumpur to Kolkata on his way back home on July 19, has been missing from Malaysia since July 20, his family members said.The family has lodged a complaint with the ministry of external affairs.Malaya Kumar Mahapatra, who hails from Rourkela, was scheduled to take an Air Asia flight at 3.35 pm Malaysian time on July 19. His family said he had a confirmed ticket. \"He called me to inform that he missed the plane and would take another flight that is available at the earliest. The next morning, he called me to deposit some money in his account. That was the last call. He did not return to his accommodation in Malaysia and has been untraced ever since,\" his father Mahendra, a retired employee of the Grid Corporation of Odisha, told TOI on Saturday. Malaya's mother Sarbeshwari has retired as a school teacher in Rourkela.Mahendra said verification of his account reveals that he has not withdrawn the Rs 2,000 I had deposited in the account, which is unusual because he needed the money.The 31-year-old worked as an integrated distribution service provider at Shalam in Malayasia. \"From my brother's call details, I have gathered that he made the last call from the KL international airport (KLIA) in Malayasia ,\" said his younger brother Manish, a non-commissioned officer in the Army, currently posted at Hisar in Haryana.In one of the numerous communiques to the Indian high commission, Manish wrote that the airlines authority at Malaysia revealed that Malaya had checked-in at the low cost carrier terminal (LCCT) of KLIA at about 11:58hrs (Malaysian time), had collected a boarding pass but checked out at about 13:50hrs the same day. The family suspects he did not check out because of delay, as conveyed by him over phone, but due to some other reasons and has urged the Indian high commission to look into the matter.\"Since a passenger is not permitted to cancel his/her boarding pass and come out of the lounge under normal circumstances, I am quite sure there is something more to the incident,\" his brother has written to the commission.Quoting their missing son's roommate, also an Indian, Malaya's parents said a senior manager of his company had dropped Malaya at the airport that day and he could be a crucial link in finding Malaya's whereabouts. Malaya went to Malaysia in 2009. He was returning home for the first time since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555362", "title": "Auction of treasures from Bhabha estate to earn NCPA big bucks", "text": "Mumbai's cultural arts centre that Dr Jamshed Bhabha helped found stands to gain Rs 1.4 crore according to (very) conservative estimatesAn auction of antiques and collectibles from the estate of philanthropist Dr Jamshed Jehangir Bhabha and his brother, nuclear physicist Homi Bhabha, is set to raise a neat sum for the National Centre for the Performing Arts.While according to conservative estimates the August 27-28 estate auction could raise Rs 1.38 crore, experts say the treasure is worth a lot more.Several pieces, including antique sculptures dating back to the 7th century, Mughal miniature paintings, and decorative art like Royal Worcester vases and English porcelain will be put on sale in the auction being organised by Pundole's.The proceeds of the sale will go to NCPA, according to the terms of the will left behind by Dr Jamshed Jehangir Bhabha, who co-founded the performing arts entre with industrialist JRD Tata in 1969. Citing previous auctions from the estate, art market experts confirmed that the estimate of Rs 1.38 crore is conservative and is based on the lower end of the estimates provided by the auction house.The first sale from the estate occurred in April 2011, where 20 paintings, including works of M F Husain and Jamini Roy, fetched nearly Rs 10 crore, as against a lower estimate of Rs 4 crore.The next sale occurred in October 2011, where the four-storeyed mansion where Dr Bhabha lived with his parents, wife and brother Homi, on Malabar Hill was thrown open to the public. The sale included a range of personal collectibles, silverware, coins, carpets, furniture and modern art works, and gathered Rs 16 crore for the NCPA, as against the expected Rs 5 crore.Up on offer at the auction will be a 13th century South Indian bronze statue of Saint Sambandar that used to sit on Dr Homi Bhabha's desk for years. It is estimated to be worth between Rs 40 and 60 lakh. Sandstone sculptures from the 10th century, a post-Gupta period Buddha head, and two 2nd-3rd century Gandharan stucco sculptures of a Buddha head and an attendant figure, will also go on sale.Other works include an early Impressionist landscape by Jamini Roy estimated between Rs 6 and 8 lakh and an NS Bendre gouache work done for the TISCO calendar in 1949. Furniture will include an Art Deco teak desk with ball feet, typical of the time, a Belgian Bevelled glass and wood folding screen, and an early set of Lalique glassware.Dr Bhabha bequeathed his entire estate to the NCPA when he passed away in May 2007. He followed a long tradition of Parsi philanthropists who donated large sums of money to build schools, higher education institutes, and hospitals.For instance, Jamsetji Tata launched the JN Tata Endowment Scheme for higher education in 1892, which supported administrators, scientists, doctors, lawyers and engineers. By 1924, over a third of Indian officials in the Indian Civil Service were Tata scholars.His son Sir Dorabji Tata set up a trust that is best known for promoting the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, the Tata Memorial Centre for Cancer Research and Treatment and the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.Cowasji Jehangir Readymoney, a 19th century industrialist built colleges, hospitals, asylums and even gave donations to the Catholic and the Presbyterian missions in India.The Godrej family too, set up trusts, best known for building the Godrej Memorial Hospital and supporting the Heroes Project, an AIDS awareness programme.Independent art consultant and former head of Christies India, Mallika Advani, who will be the auctioneer for the Bhabha estate auction, said all the antiquities have been registered with the Archeological Survey of India and are non-exportable.According to Pundole art gallery owner Dadiba Pundole, this is probably the last big haul of collectibles from the Bhabha house.\"A few pieces may crop up in later auctions, but the bulk of the estate has already been offered at auction,\" Advani added.Pundole said Dr Bhabha was methodical in documenting his collections. \"He was unique in his collecting philosophy. He collected classical Indian sculptures with the same zeal he applied to selecting an egg coddler for his morning breakfast. As we went through the contents of the house and opened yet another cupboard, it was amazing to see how well he documented his purchases, often going into great detail on where, why and for how much they were bought for,\" said Pundole, adding he can't escape a feeling of nostalgia as he prepares for the auction.\"As an auction house, you need to dissociate yourself with the sentiment. While the business side of me is gleeful, there is a sense of sadness, too,\" said Pundole, who spent the last four months selecting, cleaning, photographing and cataloguing collectibles in the mansion, accompanied by wife Khorshed, and art specialists Advani, Rob Dean and Mehemosh Heeramaneck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553549", "title": "Tibetan govt-in-exile asks officers to meet Muslim leaders", "text": "MYSORE: The Central Tibetan Administration (CTA), Dharamsala, has appealed to the Tibetan settlement officers in Karnataka to meet prominent Muslim leaders and apprise them about the facts of the issue.Tibetan government exile member Lobsang Yeshi told STOI that the Kashag, the cabinet of Tibetan-government-in exile, Dharmasala, has issued a release to all the four Tibetan settlement officers in the state directing them to meet Muslims leaders and members of the state assembly.\"Muslim leaders should be informed of the the good relationship between the Tibetan Muslims and Buddhists, particularly the commitment of the Dalai Lama to promote religious harmony and his pilgrimage to mosques and efforts to strengthen ties with Muslims religious leaders. The settlement officers should also convey the sadness expressed by Dalai Lama on the recent violence in Assam ,\" Yeshi said quoting the release.The Tibetan settlement officer in Bylakuppe Jampa Phuntsok, who confirmed that they have been directed to meet prominent leaders including Muslims here, said the CTA has advised them bring to their notice that the Tibetans being projected wrongly on social networking sites, which has sparked off the wild rumours. Meanwhile, the situation at the settlement camps is normal but yet there is fear among Tibetans, claimed Yeshi. Tibetans living in Mysore and Bangalore have returned to the camps in Mysore and Chamarajanagar.There are four Tibetan settlement camps in the state-Bylakuppe (Periyapatna) Gurupura (Hunsur), Vadeyaraplaya (Kollegala, Chamarajanagar district) and Mundagod (Hubli).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15555742", "title": "I did good films because of Ashok Mehta: Manisha", "text": "Manisha Koirala treated late cinematographer Ashok Mehta as her mentor, guide and philosopher and says she did good films because he guided her.\"I can't explain what Ashokji meant to me. I am what I am because of him,\" said the actress who played the lead role in Mehta's directorial debut \" Moksha\".Manisha attributes all the right moves in her career to Mehta, who died Aug 15 after battling lung cancer. He was 65.\"He did the cinematography of my first film 'Saudagar' . From then on Ashokji was my guide mentor and philosopher. I have to say he contributed a lot to my career.\"I was clueless about the film industry. So, when Mani Ratnam had asked me to come to Chennai to do a screen-test for 'Bombay', I refused. Yes, I didn't know much about Mani Ratnam except that he had made a film called 'Roja'. If it wasn't for Ashokji I wouldn't have done 'Bombay' ,\" she said.\"I was like, 'Why should I do a look test? Why should I play a mother to twin boys? And why should I work for so little money?'\"So many people advised me not to do it. Ashokji fired the hell out of me. He told me about Mani's greatness and literally packed me off to Chennai.\"He taught me, 'Beta, zindagi main paise hi sab kuch nahin hote hain.' I did good films because he guided me... Ashokji held my hand and guided me. No wonder I feel bereft,\" added Manisha, who turned 42 Aug 16.She organised a bash to celebrated the occasion, but cancelled the party after hearing the news of Mehta's demise.When Mehta directed his first feature film \"Moksha\", Manisha was the natural choice for the lead.\"He narrated 'Moksha' to me during 'Saudagar'. It took him 10 years to make it. I was close not just to Ashokji but also to his wife and family,\" she said.Manisha and Mehta were collaborating on a film on the life of Gautam Buddha.\"When I got the offer to direct a film on Gautam Buddha from Sri Lanka, the first thing I did was contact Ashokji. I didn't even know that he was already diagnosed with cancer. He was so full of life.\"We got Samir Chanda as art director and Bhanu Athaiya for costumes. The entire day we'd be together doing sketches for the Buddha project, deciding on locations, etc. Not once did I get any inkling he was unwell.\"Four months back I got to know he was in hospital. I rushed to see him. I felt terrible. I had spent so much time with him and I didn't know. He was a very brave man. He didn't want anyone to know of his condition.\"Manisha met Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra at Mehta's house.\"One month back Rakeysh had gone and given Ashokji a narration. Work was the only way to get Ashokji back. For a work-oriented man not being able to work was like death. I'll always remember him as man of great spirit,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552548", "title": "Need more infrastructure, teachers: Dileep Ranjekar", "text": "With the R Govinda committee report suggesting an overhaul in the education system, Dileep Ranjekar, CEO, Azim Premji Foundation, talks about what it could mean for children.The National Education Commission recommended the 5+3+2+2 system in the 1960s. What took Karnataka so long to wake up to it?We can keep going back to several policy and intent documents from India's independence - beginning from the dream of a society that the Constitution articulated in 1950 to the National Policy for Education in 1986 (with marginal amendments in 1992) to the National Curriculum Framework 2005. It is not the issue of just Karnataka, these are national issues.Finally, a committee has suggested implementing the 5+3+2+2 system...The Right to Education Act requires states to provide education till Class 8. It does not state where the 8th standard should be placed. There are 18,573 government higher primary schools with classes up to the 7th standard and there would be a problem of providing access to 8th standard in these schools. Few people would send a child to high school just to complete class 8. Recent studies on transition losses between class 7 and 8 show that losses are about 3% - 4%. If the 8th standard is provided in the small school, arguably part of this loss can be reduced.How will this benefit students and the education system in Karnataka? Also, what could be the disadvantages?Unless schools and the education system are suitably equipped to ensure wholehearted and meaningful implementation of the recommendations, things will not change on the ground. Various studies suggest a significant lag in the learning levels of children across schools and classes. Illustratively, at the end of Class VII, if most children have learning levels that belong to class III, whether we switch to 5 +3 or 3 +5 or do anything else, it will make no difference.No other state in India, except for Karnataka, has a PU system now. Do you agree with the committee's observation that children are in an \"unsettled state\" in PU? Was the lecturers' lobby a reason for PU continuing for so long?While Karnataka is the only state with a separate PU board for the class 12 exams , this board is under the primary and secondary school department and not under the university system. It is primarily due to some historical issues. I don't think there is any unsettled state - it is just that in most states, there are board exams in 10th standard as well as in 12th standard. It is the 12th standard exam that matters for further professional education admission. Therefore, there is a sound case to discontinue 10th standard board examination except where students are quitting education and need a certification. More than 65% of PU colleges in the state are private institutions.What are the challenges in implementing this report?Additional infrastructure and redeployment of teachers. Statistics indicate there's a need for 22,718 additional rooms and 14,958 teachers in government schools. As of now, teacher requirement will be met through rational deployment but that's easier said than done. It's the reason North East Karnataka Schools have a Pupil Teacher Ratio that is much adverse than the rest of the state (not too many teachers want to go there) and cities have a far more favourable PTR.The approximate financial implication for construction of 22,718 additional rooms alone at the cost of Rs 5.45 lakh per room will be Rs 1,238.13 crore.NCTE / RTE norms specify that teachers at HPS be graduate / trained teachers. As of now, 1,12,965 teachers who are undergraduates need a 'higher level of training in the specific areas' . Such training is to be organized through sandwich, short-term , subject refresher courses, keeping in view the needs of 8th standard subjects.If the state decides to adopt the recommendations , it will have to be ready to allocate adequate financial resources and also bring in qualitative implementation rigour in enhancing the quality of teachers who would now deal with 8th standard in a higher primary school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "forbesganj", "code": "15552321", "title": "Cops hurt as criminals attack raiding team", "text": "Forbesganj: Seven policemen including the Narpatganj police station SHO sustained injuries when a small group of criminals and villagers attacked them when they had gone to arrest wanted criminals at Sisuwa village under Narpatganj police station in Forbesganj sub-division of Araria district on Friday night.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande on Saturday said a dozen residents of Sisuwa village were history-sheeters and wanted in connection with murders, dacoities and extortion (rangdari).Quite a few of them also notoriously figured in the list of most wanted criminals in the district and their writ was so large that law-enforcers were generally scared of entering the village, the SP said.The notorious criminals allegedly attacked the policemen and pelted them with stones when they reached Sisuwa with the intent to arrest them on Friday night, the SP said.Undaunted, the policemen nonetheless raided their hideouts and succeeded in arresting two criminals Karmi Lal Sah and Birendra Sah. Seven policemen were, however, injured in the incident including the Narpatganj SHO Krishna Kant Jha, the SP said.Those injured included SHO Krishna Kant Jha, havildars Shambhu and Indradeo Paswan, constables and chowkidars Sanjay, Dinesh Chaudhary, Umesh Marandi and Lalbabu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552154", "title": "Baby born with heart outside his body", "text": "Patna: A baby boy with heart protruding outside, born here at a private nursing home on August 15, is recovering well after the delivery.Talking to TOI, Dr Arun Kumar Singh, said, \"Born to a Siwan couple, the boy suffered from Ectopia Cordis, a congenital malformation in which the heart is abnormally located either partially or totally outside of the thorax. It is a rare case occurring one in eight million cases.\"There have been 23 such reported cases worldwide till February this year, he said, adding except for one all the 22 babies born died. The size of child's head is also smaller than in usual delivery.Dr Singh said this remained undetected till the birth of the child as the mother never went for medical check-up and ultrasound test before delivery. \"The condition of the child is stable with test of echocardiography being normal. We have also conducted CT scan test on the child, the report of which is awaited,\" he said, adding the child has not reported any breathing problem so far.Due to the rarity and rapid postpartum mortality in ectopia cordis cases, limited treatment options have been developed so far. Successful surgeries have been performed, but the mortality rate in such cases remains high. \"We will go for surgery once we get through all the investigation reports,\" Dr Singh said, adding a team of five doctors will be assisting the rare surgery, the date for which will be decided later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551529", "title": "Nishan Parade lits up Amber", "text": "JAIPUR: The historic Amber Fort witnessed yet another feat in its precincts on Saturday. The spectacular 'Nishan Parade' that took place at Jaleb Chowk after 78 years will go down in the annals of history as the second big event for the 17th Battalion of Rajputana Rifles and the Amber Fort.According to Pankaj Dharendra, superintendent, Amber Development and Management Authority, \"The 17th battalion of the Rajputana Rifles is a direct descendent of the erstwhile Jaipur State Forces unit. And historically the unit was recognized under the aegis of Maharaja Sawai Man Singh on September 1, 1934 and he was entrusted with the responsibility of carrying the state flag, also called the Sawai Man flag.\"The maharaja was also the first colonel and commanding officer of the battalion, he said. The ceremony in the morning began with nishan (symbol) puja, followed by nishan parade, the traditional nishan puja and concluded with nishan vidai. \"The unit till date carries two nishans that were carried by the guards attired in traditional Sawai Man Singh uniform. While the factual anniversary of the Nishan parade falls on September 1, this one was performed 14 days before based on the astrologically auspicious timing,\" said Pankaj.\"Since the 17th battalion of the Rajputana Rifles is connected with the Jaipur royal family, it was a matter of great pride and honour to be a part of this ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15553391", "title": "Laxman's decision came as a shock to me, says Srikkanth", "text": "CHENNAI: VVS Laxman's decision to call it quits five days before the New Zealand series has come as a surprise for chairman of the selection committee Kris Srikkanth.\"VVS was selected for both the Tests and we all expected to him to play the matches in Hyderabad and Bangalore. We never thought he would retire before the series. It came as a huge shock to me. But it's his personal decision and I have to respect that,\" Srikkanth, who will end his four-year term as chief selector next month, told TOI on Saturday.When asked whether there was any indication from Laxman about his retirement plans, Srikkanth said: \"If we knew, we wouldn't have selected him\". There were speculations that the selection committee was not happy with Laxman's fitness in recent times, but Chika didn't agree. \"As far as we are concerned, there were no fitness issues with Laxman,\" he said.India will go into a Test series without Rahul Dravid and Laxman for the first time in 14 years and Srikkanth knows it will be difficult. \"It's a tough situation but we'll have to deal with it. Pressure will be there but professional players are expected to cope with it. You cannot replace players like Gavaskar, Kapil, Sourav, Dravid or Laxman. We've to go through the process of rebuilding, but then it happens to every team,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553160", "title": "\u2018Tough Tatkal ticket norms have become a pain for travellers\u2019", "text": "RANCHI: With new guidelines to book Tatkal tickets becoming too cumbersome to follow, several well-heeled railway passengers are giving trains a miss and preferring to fly. Though the new norms were implemented last month to check irregularities and do away with touts, many said that the regulations are very overbearing and are not making the booking process any easier for travellers.\"I prefer to book a flight in cases of emergency rather than run from pillar to post for a Tatkal ticket, for which we have to comply with various terms and conditions these days,\" said Rajpal Sinha, a businessman. A city-based private travel agent Joy Masroor said that many passengers opt for costlier flights.No authorised agent is allowed to book Tatkal tickets from 10am to 12pm. The tickets cannot be booked by anyone apart from the passengers over the counter or on the Internet. Even travel agents of Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) are not allowed to book Tatkal tickets during this period. Moreover, the timings for the booking of Tatkal tickets clash with office timings they are generally sold out within an hour. All passengers standing in the queue have to submit their identification cards to get the tickets. One person is allowed to book tickets for only five persons for one destination.\"The timings are ok for babus (bureaucrats), but no traveller is free during between 10am and noon except on weekends. It is difficult for a common passenger to come to the reservation counters at this time,\" said R K Sarawgi, president of Jharkhand Passengers' Association (JPA). Travel agents agree with his opinion. \"I have stopped booking Tatkal tickets ever since the new system was introduced. It leaves no room for us to operate. I want ease of operation and not just money,\" said a travel agent. \"The system was actually meant for large travel agents in metros who used to book all Tatkal tickets through proxy,\" he added.Alok Rai, a professional, said: \"I have always purchased tickets from travel agents. It is a messy affair to get a Tatkal ticket as agents are not allowed to book it. I fail to understand how the Railways expect working people like me to stand in a queue for hours,\" asked.B N Singh, senior DCM at Ranchi railway station, said the new system is working technically. \"I can't comment on the practicality issue, but technically things have been working well. All those standing in queues are getting tickets,\" he added.However, some said that the door has not been fully closed on touts. \"They now hire street boys for a pittance and make them stand in queues like ordinary passengers and get tickets for their clients. The authorities at the reservation counters ignore the identify cards of these boys,\" said a source.Singh said that he would get it checked. However the number of complaints to railway authorities has gone down after the system was introduced. \"The complaints regarding reservation are very few,\" said DRM Ranchi G Malaya. \"The actual test of the system would be in the ensuing festive seasons,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552195", "title": "Dist panchayat to make 53 schools tech savvy", "text": "KOCHI: The district panchayat is set to distribute about 1,000 computers in 53 schools in district to improve education standards and impart information technology (IT) related education among students.The local body has earmarked Rs 1.10 crore for the project that is being implemented as part of the information and communication technology (ICT) project of the IT@school.Eldhose Kunnapilly, district panchayat president, said that the project is being implemented so as to make the process of teaching and learning more comprehensive and interesting.\"Our aim is to introduce smart class rooms in all the schools controlled by the panchayat and make students IT savvy. We expect to achieve this goal during the 12th five year plan period, 2012 - 2017,\" he said.As part of the project each school will get gadgets including desktops, laptops, multi-functional printers, handycam, LCD television sets, digital projectors, Wifi connectivity, and other infrastructure facilities.The authorities will also introduce digital libraries and online reference materials in each class rooms. To successfully implement the project in government and aided schools in the district, the authorities will give training to teachers as part of the IT@school project.The ICT project that is being installed and maintained by Keltron will be launched in the first week of September.Along with distributing computers and accessories, the panchayat is also looking ahead to implement various innovative projects to improve the education scenario in the district.\"This year we are planning to set up kitchens and bio-gas plants, conduct anti-narcotic camps and form more teenage clubs in schools with an aim to promote and encourage the youth,\" said KK Soman, education standing committee chairman.The project is being implemented so as to make the process of teaching and learning more comprehensive and interesting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15551144", "title": "BJP questions state govt for police inaction", "text": "LUCKNOW: Condemning the violent incidents, which took place on Friday in various parts of the state, Bharatiya Janata Party on Saturday questioned the police inaction especially in the state capital. The party also criticised the police for acting as mute spectator on Friday, while showing its valour and might on TET candidates, flood-affected victims in Bahraich and lawyers of Pratapgarh for staging protests and dharnas.Questioning the state government, state BJP chief, Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi, said, \"Why similar action was not taken against anti-social elements on Friday even when the mob of hooligans went on rampage desecrating statues of Lord Buddha and Lord Mahabir in Haathi Park, beating up scribes and damaging their equipments while taking out procession from Teelewaali Masjid till Hazratganj.\"Bajpayi was addressing mediapersons after visiting Buddha and Haathi Park, which suffered maximum loss, as mob ransacked the said parks at their sweet will with police and administration remaining mute spectator for most of the time.He also demanded that the government install new statues of Lord Buddha and Lord Mahabir immediately in a bid to pacify the devotees. He also condemned the beating up of journalists who were there to cover the procession and demanded adequate compensation to all those who were affected by Friday's violence.These incidents only instil a feeling of encouragement in members of particular community owing to their continuous appeasement by the Samajwadi Party government, Bajpayi said and added that it was very much clear that general Muslims and organisations have nothing to do with such type of politics and that it was the handiwork of anti-social elements.Drawing yet another parallel, Bajpayi demanded that hooligans be booked for anti-national activity in the same way as the perpetrators and conspirators involved in damage to former chief minister Mayawati's statue were booked. The way whole incident has taken place in the state capital clearly indicates that it was a pre-planned one, Bajpayi said and added that despite intelligence inputs in this regard, the administration didn't take any preventive measures. Corroborating his claim, the state BJP chief said that Buddha's statue was defaced a couple of days and poster was also pasted on it. \"However, the administration got it removed. Strangely, even after occurrence of such incident, the administration didn't take any preventive measures, which raise doubts on the intention of the government,\" he said.\"The people of the state want to know whether any permission for the procession involving thousands of hooligans was given by the district administration and if yes then was the permission to carry sharp-edged weapons like swords and knives and iron rods was also allowed. And if no, then why was the procession allowed to move from Teelewaali Masjid till Hazratganj Crossing and why no arrest was made despite the mob getting violent,\" asked Bajpayi, and urged the Samajwadi Party government not to use police force to serve vested interests, as it would badly affect the morale of the cops.Bajpayi also questioned the purpose and seriousness of setting up an inquiry to be done by an officer who was accompanying the hooligans all the time till Hazratganj Crossing. He appealed to the people not to resort to violence and maintain calm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15553548", "title": "Police claim CCTV clues", "text": "MYSORE: Krishna Rajendra Hospital doctors treating Tenzin Dhargyal, the 22-year-old Tibetan youth who was operated for stab injuries, said they are likely to start giving him oral food from Sunday.He has been on fluids for five days and now that he is on the road to recovery, doctors have decided to give food directly.The youth's condition is stable but he will be kept under observation for another six weeks.Tenzin was operated for injuries sustained in the large and small intestine on Tuesday.A team of doctors had performed colostomy care as the wound on the colon was serious. He was later put on IV fluids, said surgeon B L Dharmendra.Dharmendra told TOI though the patient is out of danger but he will remain in ICU ward for another few days for observation. The surgeon, however, made it clear that Tenzin is not on life-support.They had performed colostomy care and wound will take some six weeks to heal and later another surgery will be conducted.CCTV footageA police team deployed to probe the attack has claimed they have retrieved footage from a CCTV camera installed at a business establishment on Dhanvanthri Road and are verifying it to zero in on the miscreants.Two youths on motorcycle were seen on the CCTV approaching the cross road to Dhanvanthri road soon after the crime took place near Dickey restaurant, frequented by Tibetans. \"We are trying to enhance the footage to get a clear image of the youths as the incident had taken place around 6.45pm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15556257", "title": "Energy drinks may have adverse health effects, say doctors", "text": "DELHI: Think again before you go on to gulp another can of energy drink. The so-called energy boosters, rich in caffeine, have been found to have adverse health effects in many cases. Doctors say that the high caffeinated drinks are associated with increase in blood pressure and heart beat irregularity. When consumed with alcoholic beverages, the energy drinks can aggravate alcohol induced heath effects and may lead to addiction.\"Nervousness and lack of concentration among teenagers is the most common heath effect that we come across. Often, children consume energy drinks thinking that it boost their energy and they will be able to concentrate more but gradually they get addicted to it. It causes sleep disturbances, dizziness and nervousness,\" said Dr Anoop Misra, head of the department of diabetes and metabolic diseases, Fortis hospitals. He said the energy drinks contain high amounts of caffeine which is stimulatory in nature and affects the blood pressure levels and heart rhythm.There are more than 25 varieties of energy drinks available in the Indian market today and the average amount of caffeine available in them is 30 mg per 100 ml. Health experts say that for teenagers and thin people who are yet to attain adult weight, this amount can prove to have adverse effects. Once concern about the drinks is that because they are served cold, they may be consumed in larger amounts and more quickly than hot coffee drinks, which are sipped.Many people mix energy drinks with alcohol to counter the affect of alcohol and consume them. \"This is counter-productive. Both beverages are addictive in nature and available data point towards the fact that such people get more addicted,\" Mishra added.An article published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) states that the practice of mixing energy drinks with alcohol - which is more widespread than generally recognized - has been linked to drinking high volumes of alcohol per drinking session and subsequent serious alcohol-related consequences such as sexual assault and driving while intoxicated. It adds that the energy drink 'appears to be associated with alcohol dependence and other drug use'.Said Dr MP Sharma, head of the gastroenterology department at Rockland hospital, \"Excessive use of these high-caffeinated drinks must be stopped. The companies manufacturing them must declare the ingredients and the amount so as to warn people at high-risk against excessive use.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556887", "title": "ICMR scoops for new diagnostic methods for diabetes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can we monitor the glucose level in a diabetic from sweat sample or the tears? The idea may seem to be farsighted for now but young scientists from across the country are ready to experiment to find out a non-invasive method of blood glucose monitoring in a diabetic patient.The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), which is funding them, says the main aim is to have an indigenous technology that is cheaper and better. The council has also announced a personal award of Rs 20,000 to One lakh to the principal investigator 'if the idea is successful and results in international patent and protected'.\"We have received close to 35 ideas from different research bodies and institutions including the IITs for development of a non-invasive technology to diagnose and monitor the blood glucose level. This includes the use of saliva, sweat and tears from the body as a sample,\" said a senior ICMR official. He said that the projects are being sanctioned under a new scheme started by the council this year to accelerate medical innovation through which support shall be given to test and validate novel and highly creative ideas even if they have high probability of failure.\"All the fluids in the body contain sugar, whether it is the saliva or the sweat and tears. The main work involves developing an algorithm to assess the correlation between the percentage of sugar in the body fluid and the disease itself.In case of blood glucose monitoring, we have standard parameters to diagnose and monitor the level of diabetes. For example, a person having blood glucose level between 100-126 mg/dl is considered pre-diabetic and those having higher levels of blood sugar are considered diabetics. We give medications accordingly,\" said Dr S K Wagnoo, senior consultant and diabetologist and endocrinologist, Apollo hospital.Dr Anoop Misra, Chairman, National Diabetes Obesity and Cholestrol Foundation (N-DOC), added that most of the new non-invasive technologies are developed and they are very costly. \"Given the high prevalence of diabetes in the country, development of indigenous technology is the need of the hour. There is no choice,\" said Misra.A recent technological advancement for monitoring diabetes developed by a multi-national company involves putting a small censor under the skin and monitoring the glucose level with the help of a handheld device, which costs over Rs one lakh. In the traditional method, a blood glucose test is performed by piercing the skin (typically, on the finger) to draw blood, then applying the blood to a chemically active disposable 'test-strip'. Different manufacturers use different technology, but most systems measure an electrical characteristic, and use this to determine the glucose level in the blood.Most people with Type 2 diabetes test at least once per day. Diabetics who use insulin (all Type 1 diabetes and many Type 2s) usually test their blood sugar more often (3 to 10 times per day), both to assess the effectiveness of their prior insulin dose and to help determine their next insulin dose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15557763", "title": "Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture holds seminar on food and agri processing", "text": "PUNE: The Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA) has organised a business seminar on 'new ventures and financial opportunities in food and agri processing' , on Friday (August 24). It will be held between 4 pm to 8.30 pm at MCCIA, Senapati Bapat Road.\"\"There are lots of opportunities available in food and agri processing sector especially in new ventures, diversification into new food and agro processing industry in food parks under the government's industrial policies. The food and agri processing industry like any other business needs sufficient finance for expansion and execution of the projects and the new ventures,\"\" a press release issued by MCCIA stated.The seminar, MCCIA said, will be useful for food technocrats, food and agri processing industry entrepreneurs, CEOs, CFOs, managing directors, chairpersons, finance directors, decision making authorities and all those who wish to diversify into new food processing ventures.\"\"The seminar will bring all the stakeholders on a common platform for business networking where food technologist and processing scientists will guide on new venture opportunities. The representatives from capital firms will present their finance schemes and approval procedures. The food and agri processing industry or food business operators can interact with them for their future projects, plans and finance requirements,\"\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553471", "title": "Kidnapper lived king-size on girlfriends' money: Cops", "text": "New Delhi: Investigations into the kidnapping of the DU student have thrown up some interesting revelations about the accused. Cops believe that Abhishek Deep (24), had meticulously planned to extract money from his girlfriends as he didn't have a steady job.Abhishek, investigators say, lost his father at a young age and spent most of his life with his maternal grandparents. He then came to Delhi in 2007 to pursue a course in journalism followed by MBA from IP University. He went back to Dug in Chattisgarh for a brief period after completing studies before returning to the city.The probe revealed that Abhishek was using his girlfriends, making them pay for his lavish lifestyle. \"He'd been doing this for the past two years. He didn't like the fact that one of his uncles had been sponsoring his studies,\" said the officer.\"We found a tattoo on his right arm denoting a girl in fear, crouching on her legs and hiding her face. We have questioned him on the strange tattoo but are yet to get any answers. What has surprised us is the confidence he exuded when he blackmailed another 20-year-old girl, daughter of an IAS officer , in front of the DU student. He had called both of them to a south Delhi mall and convinced the DU student that he was taking Rs 12 lakh from the other girl as a loan,\" said an officer.Cops said it's still not clear why the victim had agreed to part with Rs 2.5 lakh that Abhishek had demanded on April 13. \"We are unable to understand why she allowed him to use a SIM card registered in her name for several months ever since the duo met at a college fest. ,\" said the officer.On August 15, the girl had received a call from Abhishek when she was outside her college. It was later found that he had asked her to meet him at Shastri Nagar Metro Station. They reached Connaught Place where he took away her mobile phone and made a ransom call to her father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554480", "title": "Mithra\u2019s back in K-Town", "text": "Actress Mithra Kurien, who shot to fame post her performance in Kaavalan, is back with her next. She will be playing the lead in Nandhanam, along with Shivaji Dev, grandson of Sivaji Ganesan .Director Shyamalan says, \"The film is about how love blossoms between two young IT professionals in just seven days. I've stressed on the fact that for a relationship to survive, trust is of utmost importance. This film will mark the big comeback for Shivaji, and will establish him as a bankable hero.\"The audio of the film, which has music by Gopi Sundar (of Ustad Hotel fame), will be launched next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556086", "title": "Will Randeep Hooda tie the knot early next year?", "text": "On the eve of his 36th birthday, numerologist predicts what might be in store for the talented Randeep Hooda.Off late, this good looking actor is much in demand and fast gaining popularity. Astro -numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what might be in store for the talented Randeep Hooda on the eve of his 36th birthday.\"Randeep was born on 20th August 1976 which makes him a Number 2 (Moon) person in numerology. Being ruled by Number 2, he is automatically ruled by Number 7 (Ketu). Like all Leos, he is ruled by Number 1 (Sun) while his destiny number adds up to Number 6 (Venus)\", explains Bhavikk.\"Being ruled by Numbers 2 and 7, Randeep is creative but with a moody personality and on top of that, the Sun effect makes him too choosy about his projects. The effect of shukra (Venus), makes him a natural charmer and so even a diva like Sushmita Sen found him worthy enough to consider settling down with at one point of time\" explains Bhavikk.\"Randeep will now enter the 37th year of his life which indicates the best phase in his life - both personally as well as professionally\" predicts Bhavikk. \"After receiving critical as well as audience appreciation from his last few releases, his lucky streak is likely to continue with films like 'Heroine', 'John Day' and 'Murder 3' in his kitty\".\"Not only that, he might even tie the knot or bring his relationship in the open by early next year and make things 'official'\" springs Bhavikk as a surprise.\"Wearing a Pearl (about 4 carats) and a Diamond (above half a carat) on his smallest and ring finger on a Monday evening and Friday morning respectively will help him avoid unnecessary stress and further increase his brand image\", advices Bhavikk on a positive note before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15553406", "title": "Arijit downs Anmol for MSDB title", "text": "MUMBAI: In a clash of two hard-hitting strokeplayers, second seeded Arijit Bose just about beat Anmol Behrani in a tightly fought men's singles final of the Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Championships, hosted by the Celebration Club at Lokhandwala here on Saturday.Arijit won 19-21 , 21-19 , 21-16 . In the Boys U-15 singles, Sai Dinesh Reddy not only justified his top billing by getting the better of Additya Shettigar 21-8 , 18-21 , 21-9 , but also proved to be equally impressive while winning the under-17 singles with a splendid 21-23 , 21-18 , 21-11 win over third-seeded Rohan Kadam. For Cherish D'Souza , who was in line for triple singles crown, the final day ended on an anticlaimax note as she had to cry off after falling and getting injured in the Girls U-15 singles final against Kalpita Sawant, which the latter won 21-9 , 21-15 .Later, Cherish had to conceded her girls Under-19 singles to Himanshi Pandey and under-17 singles to Kalpita Sawant. The honours in the under-13 singles went to Simran Singhi in the girls singles and Devesh Dharmarajan in the boys singles final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15551405", "title": "Hard return home from country", "text": "GUWAHATI: Nearly 350km from the nearest railway station, there's a bus that takes one to Lakhimpur, far up in Assam, on the north bank of the Brahmaputra. To reach Babu Saikia's village, a patch forever ravaged by an angry river, one must walk another 30 minutes. Sometimes, he has to ride a ferry as flood waters swallow the unsure, uneven road.In 20 years no one from Babu's family ventured outside this small cluster of mostly thatched houses to earn a living in a metro, to see the big world of malls, fancy cars and young boys walking hand-in-hand with giggly girls on dates full of sinful promises after dark. A year ago, when the 19-year-old left home to go to Bangalore, he was given a send-off reserved for war heroes. He was, after all, the first man in decades to attempt such a grand journey of hope and aspiration. On August 18, he returned to his father \u2014 empty handed, hounded by fear and driven by despair.\"I'm waiting for baba to put some money in my account so that I can withdraw it from the ATM. My pockets are empty,\" he said, on disembarking at the Guwahati railway station as three special trains from Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai brought in on Saturday a little over 4,600 young men and women from the northeast.\"But,\" Babu continued, suddenly deeply embarrassed, \"I am so ashamed to return with nothing. Maybe I should have stayed back.\"'It doesn't feel like home anymore'Three more trains that reach here on Sunday will drop off more youngsters like Babu, confused and agonized at their own exodus, fuelling a reverse migration unseen and unimagined in this part of the country.Babu is not alone in his pain. Neither is Assam. Atai, 27, from a village in Ukhrul, Manipur, works for a tattoo parlour in Bangalore. Last Friday, on August 10, he and two of his friends were attacked \"with a helmet\" by some unknown people. His assailants even tried to break a beer bottle on his head but let him go \u2014 with a warning to leave \"immediately\". Unlike Babu, though, Atai has, for now, decided to stay back, moved by the same sense of shame. \"My parents are farmers,\" he says. \"I don't want to disappoint them by running away like this. Let's see.\"But running they are. Rinki Tage, half-Khasi, half-Apatani, rushed to Ooty from Mysore, where she's doing a nursing course, when the violence broke out. She doesn't divulge details of her whereabouts \"as it is a question of safety\". While her brothers work in Shillong, her parents are in Ziro, Arunachal. \"My parents are worried as I am the only one from my family living outside. I haven't received any direct threat but I am not taking any chances.\"For some it's got even more complicated. Young, happy and carefree, many have fallen in love with locals in the city of their dreams and are now torn between love on one side, persecution on the other. Thirty-year-old Rosemary Islary, living in Pune, says the emotions are a cyclone in her heart. \"I feel more scared because I'm a Bodo,\" she whispers on phone from her residence there. \"But I have everything going for me here \u2014 a good BPO job, the status of an independent woman back home and my would-be husband whom I met some years back. So this is my home. If people want to hit me or kill me, let them do it.\"Terror is spooking one bunch. Love is holding back another. Hrishikesh Kashyap, 32, who often stops by Cafe Hardrock in Hyderabad for a drink with his friends, knows what will do it for him in the end. The techie from Assam, working in a Hyderabad firm since 2003, married his Telugu sweetheart in February this year, choosing the Charminar city as his nest of the future. Most of his friends have left for northeast amidst swirling, dark rumours of irrational violence, but he realizes he'll stay put. \"I always thought home isn't a place, it's a feeling,\" he says. \"Of course, though I'll remain here, today I can't deny that Hyderabad doesn't feel like home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15551929", "title": "India and Russia going to sign biggest-ever defence deal worth $ 35 billion", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's quest for a futuristic stealth fifth-generation fighter, which will see the country spend around $35 billion over the next 20 years in its biggest-ever defence project, has zoomed into the decisive phase now.India and Russia are getting all set to ink the full and final design or R&D; phase contract for the 5th Gen fighter by this year-end or early-2013, say sources. It will again underline India's firm rejection of the US offer of its Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) or the F-35 'Lightning-II'.Ahead of the R&D; contract, under which India wants to induct over 200 stealth fighters from 2022 onwards, a senior team of Hindustan Aeronautics (HAL) engineers and IAF experts is going to Russia within a fortnight to ensure that the \"full documentation and other work\" of the earlier preliminary design contract (PDC) has been completed.During his visit to Moscow last week, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne reviewed the performance of the 5th Gen fighter, called Sukhoi T-50.While the Indian fighter will primarily be based on the T-50, it will be tweaked to IAF requirements.India had inked the $295 million PDC with Russia in December, 2010. The R&D; contract on the anvil is pegged at $11 billion, with India and Russia chipping in with $5.5 billion each.\"The three Russian T-50 prototypes have flown around 180 sorties till now. HAL's Ozar facility at Nashik will get three prototypes in 2014, 2017 and 2019...they will be flown by IAF test pilots,\" said a source.\"Russia has already given the draft R&D; contract to us. It will include the cost of designing, infrastructure build-up at Ozar, prototype development and flight testing. So, India will have scientists and test pilots based both in Russia and Ozar during the R&D; phase up to 2019. HAL will subsequently begin manufacturing the fighters,\" he added.Interestingly, after first specifying the requirement for at least 166 single-seat and 48 twin-seat of these 5th Gen fighters, India is veering around to the view that it will go in for only single-cockpit jets now.\"Both F-35 and T-50 are single-seaters. A second cockpit will compromise the stealth capabilities by at least 15% apart from adding to the weight and reducing fuel capacity. Moreover, R&D; costs could go up by another $2 billion for the twin-seater,\" he said.IAF is confident the swing-role fighter will meet its future operational needs.As a critical interim measure and confronted with a declining number of fighter squadrons, IAF also wants the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 French Rafale fighters to be sealed within this fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15554968", "title": "Tax evasion probe against Ramdev's trusts begins", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Revenue department has begun a final tax assessment of the trusts associated with yoga guru Ramdev after service and I-T officials recently conducted special probes on these enterprises for alleged tax evasion.Both the revenue collection arms of finance ministry's Income Tax and Service Tax departments have recently issued notices to these trusts which are now being contested by Ramdev.Officials of Central Economic Intelligence Bureau (CEIB) and Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) are assessing the income and service tax liability of these trusts run by Ramdev.\"An inquiry has been initiated to ascertain the Service Tax liability on Ramdev's trusts. Prima facie, there were some commercial activities like sale of coupons to participate in yoga camps and sales of products (claimed to be of medicinal use) by Patanjali Yoga Peeth run by him. The department is assessing them,\" a source said.Officials said that information related to the sponsors and the source of money used in conducting various programmes across the country by Ramdev's trusts were being collected.When contacted, Ramdev's spokesperson S K Tijarawala claimed the trusts are exempted from tax net as they are doing charitable activities and not running a commercial enterprise.\"We will cooperate with all the agencies in their probe. We do not have anything to hide. Yoga camps are barred from paying service tax as they are meant for providing medical relief to the people,\" he contended.The I-T department, in May, has also slapped a notice of Rs 58 crore on the sale of the ayurvedic medicines by these trusts.The Service Tax department has similarly raised a demand of about Rs 5 crore on the 'yog shivirs' run by Ramdev's trusts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552506", "title": "Two found dead in lake near Tiruttani", "text": "Chennai: Two people were found dead in a lake near Tiruttani, about 80 km from Chennai, on Friday. They are suspected to have come in contact with a live fence while hunting rabbits.Villagers of Mel Reddy Kuppam found Jai Sankar (33) and Suresh (19) of Irular Colony in Tiruttani dead at a lake and informed police who sent the bodies to the government hospital in Tiruttani for autopsy.Initial inquiries revealed that Jai Sankar and Suresh had left home on Thursday night after telling some friends that they were going to hunt rabbits. They didn't return. Their friends searched for them until the morning before informing police. Meanwhile, they were found dead in a lake.Police suspect the two may have come in contact with a live fence. Some sugarcane farmers on the outskirts of Tiruttani are said to have illegally electrified fences around their farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15552398", "title": "Won\u2019t pull out from govt: Mamata to Antony", "text": "KOLKATA: Defence minister A K Antony could not dent West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's opposition to the entry of FDI in multi-brand retail or forward trading during their meeting at the state secretariat on Saturday.But he returned from Kolkata with an assurance that the Trinamool will not withdraw support to the UPA-II government even if it continues to oppose certain policies.During their meeting which lasted for more than an hour, Antony promised the Centre's \"support to the TMC-led Bengal government\". Antony conveyed that the Congress was trying to consult its allies before taking crucial decisions.Congress sources said Antony and Mamata discussed some important Bills lined up for the monsoon session \u2014 the forward trading bill, the national highway bill and the land acquisition bill \u2014 all of which face Trinamool's staunch opposition.Mamata discussed funding for the cash-strapped state government and the defence ministry clearance that has held up the beautification of the banks of the Hooghly river. Antony has promised clearance would be given soon.The allies have come closer again despite differences on the reform route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556944", "title": "Exhibition on wild flowers of India", "text": "If you are a nature lover, here's something you can do this weekend. HOPE (Here On Project Environment) has organized a photo exhibition on the theme of Wild Flowers of India.The exhibition, that will be held on August 18 and 19, will display over 425 photographs from well known wild life photographers, covering categories such as endangered, insectivorous, ephemeral, orchids, medicinal, endemic, exotic, parasitic, trees, Himalayan, and wild flowers.Since the Western Ghats have been declared by UNESCO as 'World Natural Heritage' site, the exhibition will show some endemic flora of the Western Ghats.Additionally a section will cover the relationship between flowers and insects, birds, reptiles.HOPE is a programme of the Rotary Club of Thane, started in the year 1996. The major objectives of the programme are to impart nature education, increase awareness about nature &amp; environment and to undertake activities for conservation of our natural environment. Since its inception 16 years ago, HOPE has conducted over 400 programmes.The exhibition will be held 10:00 am to 9:00 pm at 2nd Flr., Sahayog Mandir, Sahayog Mandir Path, Ghantali, Thane- West 400602. The exhibition aims at increasing the interest of citizens to observe their natural surroundings. The resulting awareness should lead to protection &amp; conservation of our invaluable natural heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15553156", "title": "Hundreds board Guwahati-bound train", "text": "VADODARA: What began as a trickle on Friday afternoon turned into a virtual exodus by persons from Assam late on Friday as Okha-Guwahati Express left Vadodara railway station. At least 500 people are believed to have left from Vadodara and south Gujarat on the train.The train is the only one connecting the city directly to Guwahati and leaves only once a week on Friday. Vadodara is the only station in south and central Gujarat where the train can be boarded. A majority of those on board were from Silvassa , Bharuch, Ankleshwar and Daman.With the number of passengers far exceeding capacity, those wishing to board were even allowed inside reserved sleeper class coaches. Requests for extra coaches on the train could not be fulfilled as the train already had the maximum number of coaches allowed attached to it.Sonu Dasyu, who was waiting to board, said while there was no fear or rumour mongering, he was leaving as family members in Assam were calling him. He said they were worried after hearing about the situation in other states.Kiran Dasyu, who was accompanying Sonu, said since all members of the group with whom he stayed were leaving, he too decided to do so. \"Otherwise, we are facing no problems here,\" he said.Vadodara BJP MP Balkrishna Shukla, BJP city unit president Bharat Dangar and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) volunteers were also at the railway station. Passengers were given food packets and water bottles as they boarded. Shukla said he had asked the railways to beef up security on the train to prevent any untoward incident.The administration has also swung into action. City police commissioner Satish Sharma made an appeal to all residents of the north eastern states of the country to call the city police control room if they hear any rumours. He said their security was the police's responsibility and that they would face no problems in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552444", "title": "Sabarimala copter service fails to take off", "text": "KOCHI: It was a take-off to nowhere. The inaugural flight of the much-touted helicopter service to Sabarimala failed to operate its sortie with Pathanamthitta police denying landing permission to the chopper, introduced by the Delhi-based Chipsan Aviation.Five pilgrims who had booked their tickets were provided a car to reach Pampa. Ironically, the helo service was naugurated by minister K Babu, who holds charge of aviation portfolio, at a function at the Cochin international airport on Saturday morning. Apparently, the minister was kept in the dark about the denial of landing permission at a helipad constructed by Chipsan Aviation at Perunad on the foothill of Sabarimala, about 43 km from the hill shrine.When contacted the Pathanamthitta SP K K Balachandran said that the sanction would be given on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "15552998", "title": "SCB fire-fighting system under scanner", "text": "CUTTACK: The fire at the ICU of SCB Medical College and Hospital, neurosurgery department, has raised questions about the preparedness of the hospital to deal with fire. On Friday, the alacrity of a nurse saved hundreds of patients and doctors at the hospital.Experts feel the incident has revealed the lack of adequate fire-fighting measures in the state's premier government hospital which has a bed strength of 1,700. It seems the hospital authorities have learnt nothing from the AMRI hospital incident in Kolkata, where around 90 people died in a devastating fire.Alarmed over the Kolkata incident, fire brigade officials had visited the SCB hospital in December and had reviewed fire safety measures. A 20-member team of the fire department had checked all the wards of the hospital thoroughly and had given a long list of suggestions to the authorities.Then in February, the department had advised SCB authorities to install smoke detectors, fire alarms and automatic fire extinguishers in the ICUs, operation theatres and trauma units. Similarly, suggestions were also made to install water sprinklers, sand buckets and fire extinguishers in the different wards.The hospital, however, is to yet to comply with the fire safety norms. \"We had submitted a report to the SCB authorities in February asking them to install fire extinguishers and other fire safety equipment in the hospital. The hospital superintendent had assured us to comply with the order,\" said Sukant Sethi, chief fire officer. He further said the fire department had no authority to take action against defaulters.Fire officials also claimed the hospitals should conduct mock fire drills once in six months to check preparedness of the hospital staff to tackle fire or prevent flaring up of a blaze caused by a technical snag, but no such drill has been conducted in SCB of late. \"The SCB hospital is neither well-equipped with fire fighting mechanism, nor are the staff trained to fight fire. If the AMRI hospital fire incident can't wake them up, what would?\" said a senior fire official.Authorities also agreed that the hospital lacked fire safety measures. \"There are some lacunae in the fire safety system of the hospital, but we are looking into it. From next week, we will start the process of installing fire safety equipments in the hospital,\" said D N Moharana, superintendent of SCB Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552188", "title": "Renovated Kochi Hospital to open today", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the newly renovated City Hospital on Sunday.The hospital will have super speciality departments like gynaecology and obstetrics, paediatrics, psychiatry, general medicine, general surgery and laparoscopic surgery, orthopaedics, dermatology, ENT, plastic and micro vascular surgery, and neuro surgery and trauma care.The hospital is equipped with modern operation theatres with state-of-the-art facilities and imported machineries. According to the authorities, the 41-year-old hospital did not go through just a renovation, but underwent a complete facelift. And the future plans including a super speciality IVF block, and cardiology and cath labs, urology, nephrology, neurology and gastro surgery facilities which will be operational within three years.The second phase would have a Women and Child Health Centre, and a portion of the hospital will be converted to a full-fledged Neuro-Spine Centre.The new hospital has 65-bedded facility in addition to the nine super specialities headed by senior doctors, said A Basheeruddin, chairman.Mayor Tony Chammany will preside over the inaugural function, and Union minister K V Thomas will release the logo.Ministers K Babu and V K Ibrahim Kunju, P Rajeeve MP, and MLAs Hibi Eden, Benny Behanan, Dominic Presentation and V D Satheesan will also be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553340", "title": "Don't panic, cops tell people from Northeast", "text": "New Delhi: Circulation of mischievous text messages claiming that people from the Northeast will be targeted in the capital, particularly after Ramzan, caught police off guard on Saturday. They were, however, quick to counteract it with a message urging people from all eight northeastern states not to panic as adequate measures have been taken to protect them.\"Fake SMSs about northeastern people being targeted in Delhi, particularly after Ramzan, are being circulated. Do not believe them. Situation is normal. There is no violence against people from Northeast. If anyone has doubts, contact us,\" stated a message from Robin Hibu, joint commissioner of police (training) and an officer from Arunachal Pradesh who is looking in to the situation.Hibu later said, \"Situation is peaceful. Highest alert is on. Police had meetings with Northeast residents in Janakpuri, Mahipalpur, Munirka, Mukherjee Nagar for proper coordination of security. More visible patrolling in Northeast-dominated areas is continuing. Any rumours, just dial 100, inform local police.\" If anyone has any doubt, he added, one can contact him at 011-25315003 and 9810083486 or on his email .Over the past few days, a large number of people from the Northeast has been leaving several cities following rumours that they would be attacked in the wake of Assam violence.In the capital, the SMSes which warned northeastern people to be careful before visiting certain parts of the city after Ramzan, were being issued from Friday night in the name of the Delhi chapter of All Assam Students Union (Aasu). Aasu representatives, however, denied having sent such messages and claimed that someone was deliberately trying to malign them.After tweeting early on Friday, Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar again wrote on the social media late on Friday night, claiming Delhi was safe for all. \"Friends from NE please do not go by rumours being spread. They are rumours and only rumours. Please discard them. We are with you. No need to panic,\" he wrote.Hibu said a joint investigation was already on to find out the culprits behind these messages. He also said police had reviewed the security for Northeast people with senior officials in district, special branch, special cell and the police control room.Meanwhile, several students and professionals in Delhi have got together and formed the Northeastern Students Federation with nominees from six out of the eight states already agreeing that this should act as the umbrella body in the city. Cops said they were willing to work in tandem with all like-minded organizations to ensure that panic did not grip the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15552995", "title": "Paramjeet receives President\u2019s medal", "text": "LUDHIANA: A President's medal has come as a motivation for sub-inspector Paramjeet Singh, 57, who was recently rewarded for his meritorious service of 36 years in the police department. He is deputed as a reader to Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh, after having served with the special branch and the vigilance bureau in past. A resident of Aman Park, Paramjeet achieved his first career goal by joining the Punjab police in 1976. He says his family is proud of his achievements and his rapport as an honest and hardworking police personnel. Commissioner Ishwar Singh said the department has complete faith in Paramjeet's work and that is why his name was recommended for the medal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15551571", "title": "Burnt body of man found near Pangode", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: A partially burned body of a man was found in a decomposed state near Pangode military camp, which is a high security zone, on Saturday morning. The man's face was fully burnt and was beyond identification.Police said the the deceased was a middle-aged man. \"He must be around 40-45 years of age. Two of the teeth in the front row are missing. He wore a light-cream shirt and dhoti. The body seems to be two-three days old,\" a police official said. The body was found dumped on the side of the Vettamukku - Maruthankuzhi stretch of the road. The locals alerted the police after severe stench emanated from the place and police found a human body along with poultry waste that was dumped there.Police said that initial examination did not reveal any signs of injury on the body. \"We could not find anything like a ring or document that could help us identify the body. He might have got killed somewhere else and the body dumped here. We cannot rule out the possibility of a murder. But first we need to establish the identity of the person,\" the official added.Two persons from Kattakada and Chirayinkeezhu approached the Vattiyoorkavu police to find out whether it was the body of one of their relative. However, since the face was charred and rotten, they could not identify the body. A message has been sent to all police stations alerting about the incident and seeking feedback on missing persons.Forensic experts visited the spot and collected evidence. The reports of their examination will be handed over to police for further inquiry. A postmortem was conducted at the medical college hospital and police said that any person with doubts over any missing person should approach Vatiyoorkavu police station. Senior police officers, including city police commissioner T J Jose, visited the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552448", "title": "Govt may give land to victims of landslide", "text": "KOCHI: The state cabinet would consider offering land to the families who lost their properties in the landslide at Kadavoor near Paingottoor on Friday, said revenue minister Adoor Prakash, who visited the area on Saturday. The cabinet is scheduled to meet on August 22.On Saturday, the rescue team led by the Navy recovered the body of Iype of Irumpukanathial, taking the death toll to five. The search to locate Nalini, wife of Madhu of Kaduvakuzhiyil, is still going on.The minister said revenue officials have been told to submit a report to the government on the quantum of property loss. According to initial reports, eight houses were destroyed and a few others were partially damaged.\"We are yet to complete the assessment of damage,'' said B Ramachandran, additional district magistrate (ADM), Ernakulam. \"The government has declared Rs 10,000 each to the heirs of the deceased as well as to those who lost their houses as immediate relief,\" he said. \"The details of the compensation would be finalised by the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15551528", "title": "Six months on, cops yet to crack Tirupur burglary", "text": "COIMBATORE: Six months have passed since burglars stole 36 kg of gold ornaments and 2 kg of diamond studded gold ornaments from Alukkas jewellery shop in Tirupur. Despite the arrest of three people and police conducting an all-India search, not a single gram of gold has been recovered. Despite the lapse in time, Tirupur police say they have got vital clues and are confident they will be able to nab them soon.\"A special team is collecting information about the burglars and we have got some vital clues. We will nab them and seize the gold jewels,\" said Asra Garg, superintendent of police, Tirupur district.According to a police source, the Tirupur police special team has a source in West Bengal and Jharkhand from whom they receive vital information. The special team believes that the burglars are working under a leader on the run, who is in possession of the stolen jewels.\"We have confirmed that the burglars did not smuggle the gold ornaments into Bangladesh. So, we should be able to retrieve the gold with the help of local informers,\" said a police officer.On February 20, burglars broke open a ventilator and two iron doors of Alukkas jewellery shop in Tirupur and decamped with gold and diamond ornaments worth Rs 9,88,00,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15551692", "title": "Hidco ropes in 12 artists to beautify New Town", "text": "KOLKATA: Imagine sculptures carved by artists like Samir Aich, Bhabotosh Sutar or Bimal Kundu greeting you at every crossing while driving down the New Town roads. If everything goes the way Hidco wants, your imagination will soon turn into a reality. Plans are afoot to adorn 12 islands in New Town with the sculptures of some brilliant sculptors of modern Bengal.Apart from Aich, Sutar and Kundu, invitations have been sent to the likes of Tarun De, Tarak Ghorai, Akhil Chandra Das, Sunil Das and Gopinath Roy to install their sculptures at the islands of the township.\"We shall hold a week-long workshop at the floor-parking space in the finance center of New Town. Hidco shall provide them with materials and the artists involved will receive an honorarium in lieu of installing their creations. There are 12 sculptors who will work with various materials to make the installations,\" Hidco chairman Debashish Sen said.\"The sculptures will not only add to the beautification project, it will also provide a taste of sculpting and fine arts to the Gen X. Two sculptures of Suvaprasanna have already been installed at important intersections of Salt Lake ,\" he added.\"I have donated the two sculptures in order to give an idea to people how the city can be beautified in a planned manner. The initiative has been taken by me since buying of such sculptures would have increased the cost,\" Suvaprasanna added.Artists have responded positively and pledged their support to help the government beautify the city. \"Various commissioned works have been installed here and there in the city. But creative sculptures, which have been installed to beautify various other cities, are missing in Kolkata. This is the first time such an initiative has been taken by the government. A workshop will be held. We will complete the remaining works in our studio. The government will then decide where the statues will be installed,\" Sutar said.\"We will have to keep the medium limited. The government will allocate Rs 15 lakh for 12 sculptures. We are not giving honorariums any importance. We are more interested in adorning the city,\" he added.Various commissioned works have been installed here and there in the city. But creative sculptures, which have been installed to beautify various other cities, are missing in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15555660", "title": "Govt mulls prison term for chief secretaries for power overdrawal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is contemplating levying heavy penalties on states overdrawing electricity that results in grid failure and possible imprisonment of chief secretaries to check the menace.\"I am contemplating now heavy fine and also a provision to imprison authorities and state chief secretaries for disobeying that ... perhaps we need to enforce it,\" said power minister Veerapa Moily during an interview by a leading English news channel on Saturday.Over half of the country's population in 21 states went without electricity for several hours on July 31 as three major transmission grids failed, bringing northern, eastern and north-eastern regions to a grinding halt. The massive failure happened less than 24 hours after the northern grid collapsed.Overdrawal of electricity by some states was one of the reasons for failure of power grids on two consecutive days on July 30 and July 31.Citing the report of the expert panel that probed the failure of grids, Moily said not only overdrawal but overloading was also a reason for the collapse.\"There are various reasons and it is not only overdrawing by some of the states in the northern grid but it is also due to overloading from the Western Grid. One side, overloading from the western grid, second overdrawal here and the combination meant grid collapses for two consecutive days,\" Moily, who took over as power minister earlier this month, said.According to Moily, there should be independent regulatory authorities at the state-level to check overdrawing by various states.\"We may have to bring some legislation and amendment to the 2003 Electricity Act to ensure that their enforcement powers are really strengthened,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15553401", "title": "2 constables stabbed in Baijnath", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: While a double murder in Panchrukhi two days ago shocked the otherwise peaceful Palampur area, on Friday night two traffic constables were stabbed in nearby Baijnath. While one of the constables, Sanjay Kumar, died while being taken to hospital, the other, Surinder Kumar, is struggling with serious injuries.Kangra SPDiljeet Thakur, who visited the spot on Saturday morning, said the two traffic constables were waiting for a bus in Baijnath at about 10.30 pm on Friday night when the incident took place. \"Four persons, who were travelling in new white Alto car having temporary number, entered into an altercation with Sanjay Kumar, the deceased traffic constable. The youths came out of the vehicle and inflicted multiple stab injuries on him. The other traffic constable, who was also present at the bus stop, rushed to help him but was also stabbed by the accused,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15552184", "title": "Bra-ve new world", "text": "In five days leading to the launch of the iconic lingerie brand, Wonderbra, in India on August 8, its 100% pre-launch stock was sold out and nearly a lakh customers had visited the online retail store's pre-booking page. If that isn't surprising enough then a look at the e-tailer's data on the geographical location of those who booked orders should definitely be eye-popping \u2014 besides the expected top 10 cities of India, there were customers from smaller centres like Jamshedpur, Bhopal, Mathura, Belgaum, Sholapur, Amritsar, Kanpur, Allahabad and Chitradurga.The owners of the trademark, HanesBrands Inc, must be swelling with pride on this response to their product in a country where sheer numbers have spelt success for many a business since the opening up of the economy in 1991. The story, however, is deeper than that.The alacrity with which Wonderbra \u2014 globally regarded as something that makes women feel sexy \u2014 has been received here says a lot about Indian women. They are changing, and no longer seem to be squeamish about their inner wear, keeping it at the bottom of their shopping list or buying it only when regular pairs come apart or choosing only from black, white or 'skin' colour. Of course, women in metropolitan India had begun their indulgence a while back but now the desire to feel sexy and shop for it uninhibited has made deeper inroads.Adman and theatre personality Rahul daCunha says that the figures for Wonderbra's initial outing in India speak volumes. \"Indian women are still conventional despite their strides in professional fields but regardless of that, it's a great sociological trend. It hints that women are not just getting bold in bed but also feeling confident of their bodies.\" Fashion photographer Atul Kasbekar, best known for having shot an enviable number of sexy women in swimwear for Kingfisher calendars adds, \"The Indian woman today is confident of her looks, her abilities at work and her body. She works out and is self-assured.\"Richa Kar, CEO of zivame.com, the exclusive Wonderbra retailer in India, says that the lingerie market in the country is set for a revolution, given the Indian woman's desire to experiment with this intimate piece of clothing. \"The most important development that has taken place over the past few years is that lingerie has begun to be connected with body positivity by Indian women. Bra is no longer just an everyday garment. Women now pick up lingerie for different occasions \u2014 a strapless bra is used on a different occasion from a minimiser bra, and so is the case with maternity bra,\" she says. It's not pricing but the requirement that dictates lingerie shopping today, adds Kar.That's a seminal pointer to a market that according to management consultants Technopak is growing at the CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) of 14% and is worth approx. Rs 8,700 crore. Branded lingerie market in India is divided into four segments \u2014 economy, mid, premium and super-premium of which 52% is the share of mid and premium segments. These two segments are also expected to grow the fastest at 22% CAGR over the next five years. Some bestselling brands in these segments include Hanes, Jockey, Daisy Dee, Juliet, FOTL, Enamor, Lovable and Amante.Deconstructed, these figures mean that the average Indian woman, even if tucked away in Tier II and Tier III cities, has begun crossing the threshold from the days of dowdy underwear to glamorous lingerie \u2014the change in the nomenclature says it all.Kar says that she has been surprised at the recall value of brands like Ultimo and Wonderbra in their celeb context. \"Our customers are aware of Ultimo as the brand Julia Roberts wore in her film Erin Brockovich. They are also aware of the iconic Wonderbra campaign featuring Eva Herzigova.\" Kar is referring to the Hello Boys campaign that was voted the most iconic advert by a British agency last year and had made Herzigova a global star.But that's where the Indian anomaly lies \u2014 we don't have a desi Roberts or Herzigova who would gladly endorse a lingerie brand. Lingerie models in India are nameless PYTs devoid of celeb quotient; a good lingerie campaign also doesn't ensure stardom for them. \"Lingerie still has stigma attached to it,\" says Sathya Saran, former Femina editor, columnist and author. \"You don't discuss it in public. Even when Kareena Kapoor was size zero, I wonder if she would have come on screen wearing garters and stockings,\" she adds. DaCunha recalls the 1995 Tuffs shoes ad that saw models Madhu Sapre and Milind Soman being dragged to court for obscenity. \"They are still going to court. Moral policing prevents A-list actors and models from crossing the line,\" he says. Kasbekar agrees: \"There are many different vested interests that will not hesitate to get their 15 minutes of Andy Warhol fame' by piling on to protests against outraging the modesty of the Indian woman.\"But Indian women seem to be more interested in buying sexy lingerie right now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "sadarpur (patiala)", "code": "15552449", "title": "Wrong number call rings social boycott of \r 50 dalit families", "text": "SADARPUR (PATIALA): A minor issue of a dalit boy dialling a cellphone number by mistake has snowballed into a major row and resulted in 50 dalit families of Sadarpur village facing a social boycott.The boycott started from August 16 - a day after India celebrated its 65th Independence Day - but cops are yet to take any action against the landlords, who have announced that any person violating this dictate will have to pay a penalty of Rs 50,000. On August 14, a dalit boy of the village happened to dial the number of an upper caste youth from the landlord community, and both had a heated arguments over it. Initially, the matter was sorted out by some village elders. But on August 15, youths from the landlord community attacked a group of dalit boys returning home from Gajju Majra village after attending an Independence Day function at a government school, and left them seriously injured.\"We got the injured boys admitted in Samana civil hospital and informed Pasiana police station. Angered by this, the upper caste members called a meeting at the local gurdwara the next day and announced a boycott of all dalits,\" said Amar Singh , who along with others met DSP Samana on Saturday to seek justice. Landlords have banned the entry of dalits in their fields and refused to sell them milk. Since, most Dalits don't have farmland, they are totally dependent on village landlords for animal fodder, too. \"We are bringing milk from Channo village, which is around 3-4 km away, \" said Dhanwant Singh. Some landlords confirmed the social boycott, but refused to say anything on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "in this age of 24 x7 connectivity, why are people feeling more alienated than ever? purba dutt unravels the paradox of the digital times we live in. how could a brilliant neuroscience student with no past criminal record end up shooting hapless moviegoers to death? the image of james holmes (who killed 12 people and injured 58 at the midnight premiere of the dark knight rises, in denver ) at his first court appearance stunned the world \u2014 the audacious flaming orange hair, the impassive look with a hint of mockery in it \u2014 had us wondering how an introverted loner could plan, plot, and play out such an act of immense brutality. is holmes a murderous oddball, or is this dangerous disconnect from reality a far more telling truth in today's society? in the digital times that we live in, friends are available as 'requests' and friendships often 'confirmed' only to add to the swelling friends' numbers on social media sites. \"the scourge of alienation, isolation and disconnectedness in society today is far bigger than that of hiv. friendships are often forced and seldom forged on social networking sites. louder the drum beating on fb, higher the helplessness of the individual,\" says psychiatrist dr harish shetty. when a student kills a teacher over a perceived slight or a neuroscience student guns down hapless innocents, the big question that goes abegging is", "code": "15555456", "title": "The disconnect syndrome", "text": "In this age of 24 x7 connectivity, why are people feeling more alienated than ever? Purba Dutt unravels the paradox of the digital times we live in. How could a brilliant neuroscience student with no past criminal record end up shooting hapless moviegoers to death? The image of James Holmes (who killed 12 people and injured 58 at the midnight premiere of The Dark Knight Rises, in Denver ) at his first court appearance stunned the world \u2014 the audacious flaming orange hair, the impassive look with a hint of mockery in it \u2014 had us wondering how an introverted loner could plan, plot, and play out such an act of immense brutality. Is Holmes a murderous oddball, or is this dangerous disconnect from reality a far more telling truth in today's society? In the digital times that we live in, friends are available as 'requests' and friendships often 'confirmed' only to add to the swelling friends' numbers on social media sites. \"The scourge of alienation, isolation and disconnectedness in society today is far bigger than that of HIV. Friendships are often forced and seldom forged on social networking sites. Louder the drum beating on FB, higher the helplessness of the individual,\" says psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty. When a student kills a teacher over a perceived slight or a neuroscience student guns down hapless innocents, the big question that goes abegging is: Forget the ping, the poke, and the post, whatever happened to faceto-face communication? Not-so-social media \"Over-dependence on technology is definitely cutting into our social interactions. The web is a dangerous place when not navigated wisely. It is easy for those with dissociative identity disorders to get brainwashed or be led astray,\" cautions traumatologist and counsellor Seema Hingorrany. \"Gadgets and social media are all about technology,\" says veteran actor Anupam Kher . \"There's no warmth or empathy to be found here.\" Devoid of real life's awkward pauses and often embarrassing faceto-face interactions, the virtual world creates a bubble of unreal perfection. Later, when posed with life's real challenges, like pain, loss, heartbreak, insecurity, and anger, our minds are ill-equipped to deal with it. As our real emotional buffers shrink, our belief that our friends on social media will help us through these crises may be often misplaced. Guidance, unfortunately, can seldom be had at the click of a button. In his seminal book, Loneliness, John Cacioppo, the director of the Center for Cognitive and Social Neuroscience at the University of Chicago , demonstrated medically how loneliness affects the basic function of human physiology. He found higher levels of epinephrine (the stress hormone) in the morning urine of lonely people. \"When we drew blood from older adults and analysed their white cells, we found that loneliness somehow penetrated the deepest recesses of the cell to alter the way genes were being expressed.\" When loneliness persists for a long time, the isolation of the individual is so complete that he fails to connect to people around him. The human connection has little or no significance. The human touch  When the chips are down, the impersonal digital world hardly provides any solace. \"It's important to have Emotional Contact Time, or ECT. One needs intellectual sharing of one's vulnerabilities. Sharing is about touch, tears, and feelings. In today's world, there is a lot of pent up emotional energy that does not find a release. Over time, this manifests itself in acts of violence against oneself or others,\" says Dr Shetty, citing the case study of a 15-year-old chronic video-game addict, who got back to the straight and narrow, only after his corporate high-flier father made a concerted effort to emotionally invest in his son's life. \"The father had tried to assuage his guilt of being away from home by plying the son with expensive gadgets and gifts. However, the son became addicted to video games and was almost a social recluse when he was brought to me,\" remembers Shetty. The dysfunctional family The disintegration of the joint family system, the high rates of divorce and frequent marital strife in nuclear families do their bit in making children feel alienated. \"Many kids are unforgiving about extra-marital affairs and if they get a sense of that in either parents' life, they react in ways ranging from violence to retreating into a shell,\" says Hingorrany. Prominent clinical and research psychologist Dr Richard Warshak has done groundbreaking work on parental alienation in the US. According to him, the true anatomy of a mass shooting is far more complex but \"the one thread that seems to run through many of these violent episodes \u2014 where a desperate person acts in a desperate manner \u2014 is that the person has felt alienated from those around him\". Rise of the anti-hero In his disturbed head, Holmes was the joker from The Dark Knight, just like many killers before him, who had taken a leaf out of a role outlined by a dark character in fiction. In an alienated world, the line between reality and fiction gets blurred. Video games, violent images on the screen and the internet make youngsters mix up the virtual world with the real one. Says Hingorrany, \"For people who are delusional, lonely and suicidal, anything from films to books to music lyrics can be a trigger.\" Kher differs. He says, \"Films merely parody trends that already exist in society. It isn't a discourse on how to live your life. Only life can teach.\" But in our 24x7 connected world, interactions rarely involve the human touch or real friends. That one best friend we could confide in has been replaced by a virtual one. A troubled mind, which has closed its doors to anything positive, identifies more with the anti-hero, loathed by society. In her book, We Need To Talk About Kevin based on a fictionalised account of a high school shooting in the US, author Lionel Shriver wrote: \"In a society that doesn't discriminate between fame and infamy, the latter presents itself as plainly more achievable.\" Signs every parent should watch out for: Pathologically introverted Complete disregard of personal hygiene Filthy personal spaces, and reluctance to have them cleaned Dark foreboding sketches Poetry themed on death and killings Incident or history of molestation and sexual abuse (most important) Inordinately long hours spent online Causing themselves physical harm, and enjoying the pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15553289", "title": "Ward commissioner vents anger against graft in civic body", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Social activist and commissioner of ward No 21 of the civic body in Lohardaga Manoram Ekka gave vent to her anger and annoyance against the corruption within the municipality and the inactiveness of the authorities, while responding to questions on garbage being dumped illegally at Dusshera grounds here.\"I am fed up of complaining against corruption and negligence within the civic body. This kind of failure in the democratic system encourages many to join hands with Maoists,\" said Ekka.The illegal dumping has been a persistent problem here she said. \"For more than one year I have been repeatedly protesting against this but the municipality officials have never paid any heed to my complaints. The Dussehra ground has a historical importance. The annual Dussehra fair is held here. It serves as an ideal playground and many learn driving here. This ground is connected to Baxi Deepa reserve forest and the garbage collected from various parts of the city and dumped here affects the wildlife badly. It is equally harmful for the local residents,\" she said.The civic body has been provided enough money for implementing Solid Waste Management programme but due to the lackadaisical attitude and inactiveness of the municipality authorities, this Rs 4.47-crore-project has remained pending for over five years.\"The project work that should have ideally started with selection of land nevertheless kicked off with buying dustbins, tractors, trolleys and some other items worth Rs 1.12 crore with a clear aim of misappropriation. This was later proved as a probe committee of the district administration revealed that these things were purchased at a much higher rate than their actual prices. The articles purchased are gathering dust as there is no proper place to store them in the office of the civic body, Ekka said. Illegal dumping at the Dussehra ground is not an isolated example, there are other places too in the heart of the town where garbage is being dumped, said Ekka.The matter went for hearing in the court and a former executive officer Nirmal Kumar Singh, was even suspended but no action has still been taken against others involved in the fraud in purchasing the articles. The present executive engineer, Naval Kishore Singh said land filling site is being explored to restart the project of Solid Waste Management. Referring to garbage being dumped illegally at Dussehra Maidan he said, \"the municipal body plans to expand the ground by filling the hollow sides. We will cover the garbage with sand soon.\"\"The municipality has been doing nothing to make the environment pollution free. Bad odour has made breathing difficult for us as waste collected from septic tanks through suction machines are also being dumped here,\" said Dimbu Oraon, a forest guard who lives in the reserve forest's nursery near the Maidan. Several residents said they have been protesting against this malpractice and have registered several complaints at the municipality but no steps have been taken yet to address this problem. \"It is not possible for us to guard the ground round the clock,\" said one local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554905", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s film progressing in old city", "text": "Power star Pawan Kalyan's upcoming film Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu is currently progressing at old city in Hyderabad. Director Puri Jagannath is filming important scenes and action sequences on Pawan Kalyan. Till date, the unit almost completed shooting for the talkie part, apart from couple of songs.Music director Mani Sharma has adapted the tune of the famous Latin American pop song 'Riva Riva Rivala Matha' for the pub song, which has Pawan bashing up the villains with Sacrlett Wilson dances in the background.The audio of the film is expected to be launched in September while the movie release would be in October. Tamannaah is playing the female lead in this film, which also stars Prakash Raj, Nazar, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Ali etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15552513", "title": "Hunger free Kozhikode project in limbo", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The base kitchen constructed at Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) for an estimated cost of Rs 65 lakh remains unused for the past one-and-a-half years. It was set up to prepare food for patients as part of the implementation of the hunger free city project. The old kitchen at the KMCH was renovated to set up an advanced base kitchen and a dining hall to accommodate 350 persons at a time.The hunger free city project of the corporation was launched three years ago with an aim to transform Kozhikode into the first hunger free city in the entire country. Ironically, the project, launched with much hype and fanfare, hangs fire owing to lack of vision and co-ordination between the corporation and Social Security Mission of the state government. The meeting of the society headed by mayor as the chairperson constituted for the supervision of the project has not been held for the past many months.Another problem is the lack of a mechanism to check the quality of food served by the contractor entrusted with the distribution of food. Mayor A K Premajam had said about holding a meeting with the non-government organizations to raise fund for the implementation of the project. But no step has been taken in this regard so far.Social Security Mission executive director T P Ashraf said that the mission had so far not received any official letter regarding either handing over the project again to the mission or allocation of additional funds for the implementation of the project from the corporation.Meanwhile, the mayor when contacted said a committee would be held soon to take forward the scheme.There is no system to check the quality of food served by the contractor entrusted with the distribution of food", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15558251", "title": "Exodus of northeast people: Karnataka home minister to conduct night patrolling", "text": "BANGALORE: In an effort to instill confidence among the northeasterners living in Bangalore, deputy chief minister incharge of home R Ashoka himself will be leading night patrolling in the sensitive areas of the city ahead of Eid.Neelasandra, Shivajinagar, Anepalya, Koramangala are some of the areas where large population of northeasterners are concentrated in the city. \"Night patrolling is to instill confidence among them and send a message that government is with them and the people have nothing to fear about,\" Ashoka told TOI on Sunday. Night patrolling by the minister is expected to continue for couple of days.Though exodus has come down by a great extent, the state government doesn't want to take chance as northeasterns fear that attack on them would start once Eid is over on Monday. About 30,000 people have so far reportedly fled the city.Ashoka's night patrolling move comes after delegations from northeastern states have been visiting the state to urge the government to ensure safety of their people living here. After delegations from Assam and Arunachal Pradesh , representatives of Nagaland government met the home minister on Sunday and urged to provide security for their people.Sixteen cases have been booked and 20 people have been arrested so far in connection with spearing fear and provocative messages. Around 600 Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel along with Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) battalions have been deployed in Bangalore, Mysore and Mangalore for additional security for the northeastern people. Security personnel have already conducted several rounds of flag marches in sensitive areas to instill confidence.The state government has also mooted an idea of tagging northeasterners, who are in service industry like hotels , along with Kannadigas for their safety. If northeast people are working in a particular hotel, the management should tag them along with other localalites working in the same organization round the clock.Besides assuring re-examination and relaxation in attendance for northeastern students who have already fled the city, Ashoka has assured the delegations of northeastern states that government was ready to set up a relief camp by renting out convention halls provide free food and lodging to the people of northeast, especially students, studying in various colleges in Karnataka, if necessitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15551638", "title": "Tamil author Ra Ki dead", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ra Ki Rangarajan, author of more than a thousand books in Tamil, died in his Chennai residence on Friday. He was 85.Ra Ki, as he was popularly known, had been a virtual writing machine, week after week churning out stories for Kumudam. He wrote under 10 different pseudonyms, only to regret it later, when recognition and awards refused to come his way as people thought the 10 were different writers.\"That he was versatile and a man of many hats was well known. Perhaps less known were his translations like that of 'Papillon'. Though widely read, the translation titled 'Pattampoochi' kicked up a debate on how loyal translations should be to the original. But Ra Ki treated the matter in a facile fashion, making it suitable for the Tamil reader and serialised it in Kumudam,\" said journalist Malan, who knew Ra Ki from his own Kumudam days. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552486", "title": "Inflammatory SMSes attributed to Shahar Qazi being probed", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh police have registered a compliant in connection with inflammatory text messages being circulated fraudulently and attributed to a prominent religious leader. The matter was first brought to the knowledge of district collector and senior superintendent of police on August 14. Subsequently, an FIR in this regard was registered with the cyber cell wing of the state police on Friday evening.Secretary of masjid committee Muhammad Saeed Farooqui, who is the complainant in the case, told TOI that, \"False text messages were being circulated on behalf of the Shahar Qazi\". In order to maintain communal harmony and to ensure people are not provoked by false messages, we decided to apprise the authorities\", he said.The fake messages were in the form of a 'farman' asking people to get united and also to avoid new clothes on Eid festival to protest against the violence in Assam and other states in the north-east. The cyber police cell have registered a case under section 419 of the IPC and 66 (A) of the IT Act in the incident. The investigating officials also claimed to be close to cracking the case.Investigating officers refusing to share the details said, \"We have identified the miscreant and are verifying his antecedents.The messages have been sent from Bhopal itself,\" the officials added.The fake messages were in the form of a 'farman' asking people to get united and also to avoid new clothes on Eid festival to protest against the violence in Assam and other states in the north-east", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552802", "title": "Land bill needs reforms: Ex- Chief Justice of India", "text": "BANGALORE: To remove imbalance in the system, the Right to Life and Land Acquisition And Rehabilitation bill, 2011 needs to be deliberated further, Justice S Rajendra Babu, former Chief Justice of India, said on Saturday.Speaking at a seminar organized by the Karnataka (India) section of the International Commission of Jurists on the proposed bill, the former CJI observed that since displacement effect spills over to generations, there is a need to address the issue in a comprehensive manner looking from different angles. Karnataka high court Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen said that computing as well as payment of actual compensation, need for government to acquire land for private organizations , the effects of liquid cash accrued out of compensation to land owners in the aftermath of acquisition are some of the issues that have to be discussed threadbare.He also cited that liquid cash in the hands of farmers in Gurgaon and Noida after the acquisition resulted in drug use and rampant violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551480", "title": "Rags to \u2018riches\u2019: It\u2019s messy for some, money for others", "text": "JAIPUR: It was a festive season for rag pickers in the city. Thanks to the student union elections in which candidates and their supporters were seen littering the roads with pamphlets and posters.Many termed it as a nuisance and a threat to the environment; however the candidates and their supporters were unfazed. They were seen one up against each other in the littering of pamphlets.During the day, the candidates along with their supporters were seen throwing pamphlets which mentioned the name of the candidates and their ballot number on the busiest of the city roads, and the rag pickers were seen collecting them to sell back in the market for recycling. The stretch from Jawahar Kala Kendra to the University of Rajasthan and the city's busiest roads wore a different colour on Saturday.Unaware of the hullabaloo of the student union elections, at least 20 families of rag pickers were seen collecting the stuff and selling them. They seem to be raking in the moolah by selling pamphlets and posters.\"I have got two cartons full and am going to sell it. I will get Rs 8 to Rs 10 per kg,\" said Savita Khatik, a rag picker who was collecting the poster and pamphlets along with her husband and her family members.However, many including environment activists have strongly reacted to the way papers were wasted on the city roads.\"I was very disheartened to see the huge paper wastage by the so called future leaders. Our students, who work on conservation, reuse and recycle paper participated in collecting these papers. They were highly disappointed and pained to see the road right in front of the school white with the littered advertisement papers and pamphlets of the Rajasthan University elections. Their beautiful heritage city turned to an open dustbin,\" said Vinita Mathur, a media coordinator of Sawai Man Singh School.The schoolchildren took the initiative and collected the papers littering on the city roads, she added.Even the common man was quite vocal in criticizing what was happening in and around the residential colonies with colleges.\"Where are the activists who pose for photographs in dailies on the World Environment Day and vowed commitment for conservation. It is painful to see how much paper has been been wasted in the name of elections,\" said Iftikhar Mirza, a retired banker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15553477", "title": "Illegal hoardings eat up major chunk of revenue", "text": "HUBLI: The mushrooming of illegal hoardings in the twin cities has exposed the nexus between HDMC officials and some ad companies which put up hoardings illegally. Because of this, the civic body has incurred losses to the tune of crores.The alleged failure of HDMC to curb illegal hoardings has come as a blessing in disguise for many organizations, including ad companies and political parties, to put up hoardings illegally without bothering about the HDMC action.Following public outcries over illegal hoardings, the corporation used to pay \"surprise visit\" to places of such hoardings so as to remove them. Such knee-jerk reactions has not helped check the visual pollution.According sources in HDMC, there are over 1,500 illegal hoardings, which result in revenue loss to the tune of Rs 1.5-2 crore annually. Had the corporation taken measures to curb such hoardings, it would have managed to earn good revenue, which in turn could have been used for development works.\"Usually, an ad company gets permission to put up 30 to 40 hoardings. But because of nexus between ad companies and some HDMC officers, they will put up more hoardings than the number agreed upon,\" sources in HDMC said.As per the fee structure, Rs 19 is charged for per sqft space. Many companies show their hoardings as small sized ones, while seeking permission. \"But in connivance with officers, they put up bigger ones,\" he added.As per a recent survey by HDMC, it is found that there are only 541 authorized hoardings, from which it earns only Rs 37 lakh as against the expected Rs 98 lakh. There has been further drop in the revenue due to the alleged negligence on the part of HDMC officials to strictly collect the fee from those who put up hoardings and failure of the renewal of licences of traders every year.Sudhir Saraf, chairman of accounts committee (HDMC), told STOI that they have recently conducted a survey, and discovered that there are over 1,500 illegal hoardings.The revenue department has issued notices to 17 companies, which put up illegal hoardings. It is also in the process of issuing more notices to others. \"We are seriously contemplating to put an end to illegal hoardings. If all hoardings are regularized, we can easily earn Rs 1.5-2 crore revenue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15553429", "title": "Belgaum officials rapped for slow pace of work under job scheme", "text": "BELGAUM: Agriculture and district in-charge minister Umesh Katti took officials to task for the slow pace of work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).Participating in the zilla panchayat KDP meeting on Thursday, Katti said the Centre had sanctioned Rs 250 crore to the district under MGNREGS for this year, but only Rs 20 crore had been utilized till date.He set a target for the officials and insisted that each of the 10 taluks in the district must be allotted projects worth Rs 20 crore under the scheme till the end of this fiscal. He instructed forest and horticulture department officials to prepare a plan for utilizing the remaining amount.The minister asked officials to read the new guidelines on MGNREGS' implementation issued the Centre recently and prepare plans based on it.Katti's diktat to the officials on utilization of funds did not go down well with Yamakanamardi MLA Satish Jarkiholi, who said such orders would affect the working style of efficient officers. \"Practical aspects like availability of work and labour need to be considered,\" Jarkiholi pointed.During the meeting, Nippani MLA Kakasaheb Patil opposed the reinstatement of Yamagarni gram panchayat secretary, who was suspended for misappropriating MGNREGS grants. The ZP had filed a criminal complaint against the official, based on the report given by the ombudsman appointed to investigate the case. Patil also slammed police for not filing a charge sheet against the accused even after four months.MLAs Anand Mamani, Shyam Ghatage, Suresh Marihal, Duryodhan Aihole, Pralhad Remani, MLCs Veerkumar Patil and Mahantesh Koujalagi, ZP president Iranna Kadadi, deputy commissioner Anbu Kumar, ZP CEO V Shankar, SP Sandeep Patil were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15552962", "title": "Six injured in fire at HAL", "text": "KORAPUT: As many as six employees of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), including two engineers, received severe burn injuries after a fire broke out at the engine division of the company at Sunabeda on Saturday morning.\"There was no casualty. After preliminary treatment at the HAL hospital, all the six were shifted to a private hospital in Vishakapatnam in five ambulances. They are responding to the treatment and their condition is stable,\" HAL officials said.According to sources, the fire broke out at the compressor shop of the engine division at Sunabeda, about 20 km from here, around 8 am while the officials were transferring petrol from one container to another.\"The fire spread instantly. As the officials were in close proximity to the container, they received burn injuries,\" said manager, industrial relations, HAL, Suryakanta Rout. \"The fire was brought under control within a few minutes before it could spread to other areas. There has been no damage to other properties,\" he added.While the engineer duo has been identified as Mukesh Sibaratri and K C Sahu, the other three workers are M Mangaraj, Padma Pattnaik, and D K Mishra. The sixth person, a contract labourer, has been identified as Subash Khora.\"All the expenses of the injured persons' treatment will be borne by the HAL and the employees will be compensated as per the company's prevailing law,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15556444", "title": "Rajkot gearing up for cricket carnival", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Coming September and cricket fans in Rajkot will eat, sleep, think and drink cricket as a string of cricketing activities will be lined-up for the people of this small city of Gujarat. The industrial city is all set to host a plethora of matches, as Saurashtra Cricket Association's new stadium in will host all the four matches of day-night NKP Salve Challenger Trophy.Besides that, the newly built stadium, at the outskirts of the city, will also be dressed up for the first one-day international match, as host India will take on the visiting England on January 11, 2013. Challenger Trophy will be contested among Bengal, winners of Vijay Hazare Trophy, India A and India B between September 29 and October 2. Between December 1 to January 1, the stadium will witness a parade of domestic stars ascending in Rajkot as it will organise four Ranji Trophy group A matches. Apart from these, the city will also host matches of under-25 Col CK Nayudu Trophy between October 19 and November 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15556666", "title": "Bradely Wiggins to race in Tour of Britain", "text": "LONDON: Tour de France winner and Olympic time trial champion Bradley Wiggins will race in his home Tour of Britain next month.The Tour of Britain has long been viewed as a minor stage race in comparison to the mighty Tour de France, Giro d'Italia and Tour of Spain, which Sky team mate Chris Froome is currently trying to win.However, Wiggins will be at the start of the eight-stage race in Ipswich on Sept. 9 to say thanks to all his fans for supporting him during his stellar year.\"I'm doing the Tour of Britain now,\" the 32-year-old was quoted as saying by Sky Sports on Sunday.\"It'll be nice. I'll try to stay fit between now and then so I don't embarrass myself! It'll be good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "sonepat", "code": "15557629", "title": "Yogeshwar's journey from wilderness to Games glory", "text": "SONEPAT: From the hinterlands of Haryana to a podium finish on the planet's greatest sporting extravaganza, life has come a full circle for grappler Yogeshwar Dutt .One of the best in the business but modest to the core, Yogesghwar, like many of his ilk, prefers to remain virtually unsung and lost in wilderness.A day-out with the unassuming grappler at his village in Bhainswal Kalan in Sonepat district, and one got a fair idea of what it takes to be a winner at the Olympics.Treading the water-clogged roads of Sonepat to the narrow bylanes of a fairly unknown village, it seems as if you have reached a different sphere. But once in Bhainswal Kalan, you know you are chasing a star. All due to the 29-year-old's bronze-winning feat at the ExCel Arena in London.From children to senior citizens, everyone is ready to guide you to the wrestler's home -- a double story house with a room on the ground floor dedicated to Yogeshwar's achievements.Amid the festivities that continue unabashed since Yogeshwar's return from the British capital, one cannot escape the gaze at the five continental rings looming large at the front wall of his house.\"There should be some memories from the London Games,\" said a proud Yogeshawar, who was recommended for the prestigious Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award on Saturday.\"Finally got a medal at the Olympics. God has really been kind. The immediate recognition has made the joy double,\" the wrestler said with a smile, seemingly not very much concerned about the colour of the medal.\"I did a lot of hard work to reach this stage. I am happy that I was able to deliver for the country at the Olympics,\" continued Yogeshwar as his phone rang without a pause, and the grappler trying to receive all the calls without complain.As your eyes wander to find the elusive medal in the trophy cabinet, you realise that the prized metal rests in the safest custody.The shields and trophies give you a fair idea about his achievements, his dedication towards the sport and the years of hard work that he has put in to be what he is today.\"My first medal was a wall clock. My father was very happy at my first achievement. Even when it fell and broke down my father made every attempt to get it repaired and hung it with a wire...but when we shifted to this house it got lost somewhere,\" said the Olympian.\"I started wrestling at the age of eight or nine. There was an akhara near our home and it was from there that my interest in the sport grew.\"I used to go there in the morning, before the school, and once I was back, I again ran to the akhara. Soon it became like missing the first half of my school and spending the time in the akhara. My parents were very annoyed but they never discouraged me. My father especially supported me a lot.\"I couldn't concentrate on my studies. All the time I used to wonder about performing in the akhara and my childhood coach, master Satbir, also encouraged me. It became a passion,\" said Yogeshawar.The wrestler though went on to complete his graduation from Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak. When asked what his subjects were, Yogeshwar really had to stress on his memory. \"History...yes it was history,\" the 29-year-old recalled, even as the bruise under his right eye glistened.\"He was good in studies but he was better in wrestling,\" said the proud mother of Yogeshwar, Sushila Devi.It was in 1999 that Yogeshwar first came into prominence with a win at the World Cadet Championship, and the wrestler never looked back after that.\"My first major victory was in 1999 when I won a gold at the World Cadet Championship,\" he said.It was during this tournament that his friendship with Sushil Kumar grew deep after the two had first come together a few years earlier during a school championships.Since then the two have walked together the path to success.In 2003, Yogeshwar won his first major title in the senior category -- a gold at the Commonwealth Championships.The wrestler followed that up with a bronze at the 2006 Asian Games in the 60kg freestyle category, three days after his father died.In between Yogeshwar had his first tryst with the Olympics, where he finished a distant 18th in the 55kg freestyle category.While Sushil won a bronze at the Beijing Games, Yogeshwar suffered a heart-break losing his quarterfinal bout to Kenichi Yumoto of Japan in the last 10 seconds, but that only motivated him to come back stronger.By Sushil's own admission it was Yogeshwar, more than him, who was a medal contender at the 2008 Olympics.Yogeshawar suffered a career threatening injury just after the Beijing Games but his resolve to make the next Olympics count kept him going through the difficult phase.Yogeshwar once again proved his mettle by winning a gold at the Delhi commonwealth Games in 2010. He, however, opted out of the following Asian Games in Guangzhou, China only to return with a gold at the Asian Championships at the beginning of this year.\"If I would have won a medal in Beijing, probably I would have called time on my international career. The urge of winning a medal at the Olympics kept me going,\" Yogeshwar had said earlier.With his mother eager to see him get married, asked what were his plans after fulfilling his dream, Yogeshwar giggled, \"Mom has given me four more years. After winning a bronze her greed has increased, she wants me to clinch a gold at the next Olympics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15552652", "title": "Mullah Omar taunts US, UK on Afghanistan war", "text": "LONDON: In a rant against Britain and the US, the Taliban's reclusive leader Mullah Omar has said \"the invading enemy will flee Afghanistan \" .Omar, one of the world's most wanted terrorists, has been on the run for more than a decade and has even been reported dead. But he broke his silence on Friday to taunt the UK and the US, the Sun reported.One-eyed Omar was dead al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden's staunchest supporter , and has a price of more than \u00a36.5 million on his head. Omar, 53, is second to Ayman al-Zawahiri , bin Laden's successor, as the world's most wanted man. Earlier the Taliban's statement to mark the Islamic holiday of Eid ul-Fitr said the militants had \"cleverly infiltrated in the ranks of the enemy according to the plan given to them last year\" . \"Many conscious Afghans in the rank and files of the enemy have shown willingness to help the Mujahideen,\" it said.\"As a result, the foreign invaders and their allies in their military centres and bases do come under crushing blows of these heroic soldiers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "15558227", "title": "Veteran journalist bereaved", "text": "SANGRUR: Senior journalist and Sangrur district consumer forum member Harvinder Lal Sharma' wife Manju Sharma died here on Sunday morning in a private hospital where she was undergoing treatment for some time.Manju Sharma leaves behind son Tarun Sharma, who is studying in USA and daughter Neha Sharma, who is doing law practice besides veteran journalist HL Sharma. Her cremation was largely attended with Sangrur MP Vijay Inder Singla, chief parliamentary secretary Parkash Chand Garg, former MLA Surinder Pal Singh Sibia also putting up their presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550766", "title": "3 road-under-bridges for Hyderabad to ease traffic congestion", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three road-under-bridges (RUBs) will come up at Safilguda, Vajpayee Nagar and Anand Bagh in the next two years to ease traffic congestion in these areas, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu said on Saturday.The roads and buildings department had already taken administrative sanction from the state government for taking up the RUB works and GHMC would take up the related works, he said.The commissioner along with Malkajgiri MLA Akula Rajender inspected several works in the area on Saturday.During the inspection, locals of Malkajgiri complained that they were getting drinking water only once in a week. They requested them to ensure that drinking water is supplied at least twice a week. Krishna Babu said GHMC would spend Rs 3 crore to improve drinking water facilities near the reservoir and also lay pipelines beneath the railway tracks. The commissioner directed officials to sort out the issue with railway authorities and complete the pumping arrangements for distribution network so that water supply could be improved in the area.Later, the commissioner inspected RK Puram lake where residents and people's representatives requested the commissioner to take up cleaning of the lake by removing the hyacinth, which was polluting the lake and beautification works, to which the commissioner responded positively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15558088", "title": "Pradheep Kumar of TN bags UKCA Cup", "text": "MANGALORE: Pradheep Kumar RA from Tamil Nadu has bagged the UKCA Cup winning the 2nd UKCA Cup FIDE Rating International Chess Tournament 2012 conducted by United Karnataka Chess Association on Sunday.Pradheep maintained a clean record with seven wins and two draws to finish with 8 points from nine rounds to take home Rs 30,000 and trophy. A win against local lad MG Gahan handed Pradheep the title.Gahan (7) on the other hand who needed a draw going into the final round to win the trophy blundered with his c6 pawn in the middle game in an Alkhenine Defence and went down in 30-moves. This result catapulted B Sekar (7) of Bloom Chess Academy, TN to the second spot on a better tie-break ahead of Gahan, who along with Ram S Krishnan, M Kunal, N Surendran, YG Vijendra and Shashikant Kutwal all finished on seven points.Shailaja Bhat, president, Dakshina Kannada Zilla Panchayat distributed prizes to the winners. M R Vasudeva, honourary president of UKCA and director, Mangalore airport presided over the valedictory function.Results:Final round: Pradheep Kumar RA (TN) 8 bt MG Gahan (Kar) 7, Ram S Krishnan (BSNL) 7 drew with Surendran N (Bloom CA-TN) 7, B Sekar (Bloom) 7 drew with YG Vijendra (KAR) 7, V Raghavendra (Kar) 6.5 drew with IM TS Ravi (TN) 6.5, Ritviz Parab (Goa) 6 lost to Shashikant Kutwal (Mah) 7, AL Palaniappan (Bloom) 6 lost to M Kunal (TN) 7, Niraj Saripalli (Goa) 6.5 drew with A Shankar (SR) 6.5, Murali Karthikeyan (Bloom) 6.5 bt K Arjun (Kerala) 5.5, IM DP Singh (SR) 5.5 drew with Arjun Satheesh (Ker) 6, K Krishnamoorthy (Delhi) 6 drew with Mari Arul S (SR) 6.8th round: TS Ravi 6 lost to MG Gahan 7; YG Vijendra 6.5 drew with Ram S Krishnan 6.5; M Kunal 6 lost to Pradheep Kumar 7; B Sekar 6.5 bt Murali Karthikeyan 5.5; Vinayak Kulkarni (Blr) 5.5 lost to N Surendran 6.5; A Shankar 6 b N Lokesh (Bloom) 5.5; Shashikant Kutwal 6 beat Gavi Siddayya (Blr) 5; AL Palaniappan 6 bt M Vinoth Kumar (TN) 5; Niraj Saripalli (Goa) 6 bt OT Anil Kumar (Ker) 5; and K Arjun 6 bt V Ravichandran (SR) 5.Final standings: 1. Pradheep Kumar RA (TN) 8 pts; 2. B Sekar (TN) 7; 3. MG Gahan (Kar)7; 4. Ram S Krishnan (BSNL) 7; 5. M Kunal (TN) 7; 6. N Surendran (TN) 7; 7. YG Vijendra (Kar) 7; 8. Shashikant Kutwal (Mah) 7; 9. A Shankar (SR) 6.5; and 10. TS Ravi (TN) 6.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553665", "title": "Girls freed from brothel", "text": "New Delhi: Four girls from Karnataka, aged between 15 and 25 years, were rescued from a brothel in central Delhi on Saturday. \"Kamla Nagar police station received a tip-off that a girl at Kotha No. 71 on GB Road is being forced into prostitution and several others are also held captive there,\" said Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (central).The girls, from poor families in Karnataka, were lured by a man with promises of jobs in Delhi. They were brought to Delhi and sold to Varsha, owner of the k o t h a, who forced them into prostitution. Varsha (40) has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15552029", "title": "Auto drivers made aware of road safety", "text": "MADURAI: In an effort to sensitise auto drivers on road safety, the district administration along with Driving Needs Academy held a special awareness camp in the city on Saturday. Around 100 auto drivers were screened for a road safety video and sensitised about possible ways accidents can happen and how to prevent them. They were also taught basic first aid skills by 108 Emergency Care as many of them are considered the first ones to help in case of accidents. The drivers were also given a demonstration on yoga and meditation to help them stay focused while driving as they work long hours.When deputy commissioner of police R Thirunavukkarasu addressed the auto drivers, he told them to exercise utmost caution with passenger safety as human lives were precious. \"Consider safety of passengers with utmost importance and never practice negligent driving,\" he said, adding, \"Think beyond profit and earn money in an upright way. This will keep you happy. Consider your work as service to the people than looking to make more money.\"District collector Anshul Mishra insisted that auto have rearview mirrors on both sides. He told them that he had received many complaints through Facebook that many autos lack these mirrors and drivers were not bothered about vehicles behind, leading to accidents. \"The camp is not held with an intention of accusing auto drivers but to sensitise them on safety. The event was held primarily to show you how accidents can happen and how to prevent them,\" he said. The district administration will also take efforts to issue appreciation certificates to auto drivers who follow rules for accident-free driving, he added.Mishra also urged auto drivers to treat foreign tourists well and earn their appreciation by safe driving. Followed by that, all auto drivers took an oath to abide by traffic rules and safe driving practices. The attendance of auto drivers was remarkable though the event was held in a mini-auditorium owned by the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry. They attended the sessions eagerly and listened to the speeches patiently. Traffic police and road transport officials were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dunno y... na jaane kyon will be showcased at the a week long festival at alta  do you remember kapil sharma or yuvraaj parashar? they are the actors who acted in the film dunno y...na jaane kyun that created stir across india for their gay act in the film. and now, they have been invited as honorary guests at finnmark pride which is held at alta the northern tip of the world. it will be the first time that a bollywood film, dunno y... na jaane kyon will be screened there. kapil who will representing india f eels excited and overwhelmed. he says, \"\"travel is my passion ! in fact during school days geography was my favorite subject and whenever i studied about tundra, igloos, reindeers, eskimos i always dreamed of going there. this film has made my dream come true!\"\" the film has also won awards and acclaims at sydney , greece, cologne, dortmund, london, new york and tel aviv . another actor who along with kapil will represent india at the do is yuvraaj. \"\" i am very excited to go to finnmark but only thing that i am worried about is", "code": "15557025", "title": "Kapil and Yuvraaj goes to Finnmark Pride", "text": "Dunno Y... Na Jaane Kyon will be showcased at the a week long festival at Alta  Do you remember Kapil Sharma or Yuvraaj Parashar? They are the actors who acted in the film Dunno Y...Na Jaane Kyun that created stir across India for their gay act in the film. And now, they have been invited as honorary guests at Finnmark Pride which is held at Alta the northern tip of the world. It will be the first time that a Bollywood film, Dunno Y... Na Jaane Kyon will be screened there. Kapil who will representing India f eels excited and overwhelmed. He says, \"\"Travel is my passion ! In fact during school days geography was my favorite subject and whenever I studied about tundra, igloos, reindeers, eskimos I always dreamed of going there. This film has made my dream come true!\"\" The film has also won awards and acclaims at Sydney , Greece, Cologne, Dortmund, London, New York and Tel Aviv . Another actor who along with Kapil will represent India at the do is Yuvraaj. \"\" I am very excited to go to Finnmark but only thing that I am worried about is: will I get vegetarian food without onion n garlic there? Maybe I will have to carry one week of food stock with me! (smiles). And I am also excited to watch famous Norwegian women music band Hungry Hearts, who are performing there.\"\" The pride will include culture, music, politics and short hikes etcthat creates community participation . Finnmark is the northern region of Norway where there is zero pollution, reindeer sledges, no exhaust, no engine noise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15553071", "title": "Conflict in political moralities leads to turf wars, says CJI", "text": "Merely days after he said judicial overreach could have disturbed the delicate balance of power among the three organs of governance (judiciary, executive and legislature), Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia reasoned that these \"controversies between judges and politicians\" arise out of \"conflict between two existing political moralities\" .The CJI was addressing an auditorium packed with a galaxy of judges and legal luminaries at the NCPA on Saturday to celebrate the completion of the Bombay high court's 150 years. There is the \"morality of law\" that functions on \"reasonableness and fair play\" and \"morality of governance, which is based on the philosophy of utilitarianism,\" where the \"government's power and process is many a times constrained by factors such as ballot box, party machine, parliamentary arithmatic, external circumstances and even public opinion\" , he said. The pragmatic approach often conflicts with the other mode. \"Turf wars\" exist abroad too, he said.He set out a \"roadmap for judges\" and said courts must exercise restraint and act within the constitutional sphere. \"Judgments should rest on principles\" and avoid presumption of corruption for every matter. \"When the Bombay high court was established in 1862, judicial integrity was taken for granted. Today, it is a matter of strong public expectation ,\" the CJI said and exhorted all judges to \"endevour to fulfil these expectations\" . The CJI even parted from his text to state that \"as a citizen, not CJI, I am concerned that prevalent negativism in this country may lead to chaos. We should be vigilant.\" The CJI, addressing the PM, said: \"The court is not antilegislation .\" Few laws were invalidated. The emphasis is to correct executive actions for their unreasonableness largely in administrative, environmental matters and human rights violations, he said.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lauded the Bombay HC and called it the spectacular bulwark of freedom independent India. He said, \"All three organs of government must work together to ensure social, economic and political justice\" with the judiciary having a direct, yet unenviable task at timely and affordable justice delivery which it \"acquitted with distinction.\" The CJI addressed the PM and said, \"The court's emphasis has shifted to correct executive actions for their unreasonableness particularly in administrative, environmental matters and in human rights violations.\"He said the government was committed to work with the judiciary and said six lakh cases were disposed across the country between July and December 2011. The Bombay HC Chief Justice Mohit Shah, too, pointed out that pendency had dropped in the state from 41 lakh in July 2010 to 30 lakh.Attorney general for India Goolam Vahanvati said not only well-known lawyers, \"We must remember all lawyers who practiced here, the staff, the stenos who formed the backbone... and the litigants who in earlier days even came on dog-drawn carriages\" .Bombay high court the highsPM Manmohan Singh pointed out some fascinating details of the Bombay HC Over the past 65 years, 22 judges from the Bombay HC were elevated to the Supreme Court. Eight of them became CJIs The longest-serving CJI ever was Y V Chandrachud of Bombay HC Nine transferee judges who came to Bombay HC were also elevated to the SC Recently, two lady judges appointed in the SC were from Bombay HC The HC's original jurisdiction in 1862: Karachi to KarnatakaGrand finale: 1947 speechA surprise finale to a spectacular concluding event of the Bombay high court sesquicentennial year celebrations was the presentation by a theatre group of the speech given by Sir John Leonard Stone, the last British Chief Justice of the HC, as he handed over charge to the first Indian CJ , M C Chagla, at 11.45 pm on August 14, 1947. Actor Tom Alter portrayed Justice Stone and the audience sang 'Vande Mataram' .Book on the court, through its 150 yearsPrime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday released the Bombay high court sesquicentennial commemorative editon (see picture). The book titled 'A Heritage of Judging. The Bombay High Court Through 150 Years' is edited by three HC judges-Justices D Y Chandrachud, Anoop Mohta and Roshan Dalvi. It is replete with stunning photographs of the high court building with its enchanting Gothic revival architecture. It is a history buff's delight and has photographs of B R Ambedkar's degree certificate of Gray's Inn dated June 28, 1922, as well as Mahatma Gandhi's certificate of Inner Temple dating back to November 6, 1888.The book has contributions from Chief Justice Mohit Shah, Justice Chandrachud, attorney general Goolam Vahanvati, retired SC judges B N Srikrishna, Sujata Manohar and high-profile counsels, including Fali Nariman, Soli Sorabjee , Iqbal Chagla Rafique Dada and Darius Khambata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15556997", "title": "Five producers for Chettayees", "text": "Shajun Karyal's next, Chettayees, will have five producers, something unusual for a Malayalam film.The five are: the director Shajoon Karyal, actors in the film Biju Menon and Suresh Krishna, cameraman Sukumar and scriptwriter Sachi. \"All five are part of the film and we have been good friends for years,\" said the director. \"Chettayees is a film which celebrates friendship and camaraderie.\" Incidentally, Biju Menon is a close friend of Shajoon and the duo share more than a professional relationship. The pooja of Chettayees was held recently at Kochi, which was attended by the lead actors which include director-turned-actor Lal, besides a host of their friends and family.The last film directed by Shajoon Karyal was Vadakkumnathan in 2006, which starred Mohanlal and Kavya Madhavan. The film was a hit. He debuted as a director with Rajaputhran in 1996, which starred Suresh Gopi and Shobhana. Shajoon Karyal has directed a total of six films to date, which include the successful Thachiledathu Chundan in 1999.The director has great hopes pinned on Chettayees, for which shoot has started. Well, let's wait and watch whether the offscreen friendship will be translated onscreen too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15551506", "title": "Man tries to set wife on fire", "text": "MALDA: A husband on Friday tried to set her wife on fire after the latter caught him in bed with another lady. However, Motiur Rahman , the accused, fled from his house after his wife Tahera Biwi managed to escape and filed a police complaint. \"This is not the first time that Motiur thrashed his wife. He used to beat her up everytime she tried to protest against his illicit relationship,\" said Mujibar, brother of Motiur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15556332", "title": "Robotic surgeries on the rise", "text": "DELHI: In the last few years, it has emerged as the safest and almost painless method for surgery and doctors are now using robots for gynae procedures, bypass surgery, cancer treatment and even in the case of transplants. Major hospitals in the city including AIIMS, Fortis and Medanta Medicity are creating special set-up for robotic surgery in view of increasing public demand. Surgery performed with the help of robot helps in early recovery of the patient, involves less bleeding or incision and leaves lesser scars, the doctors claim.Says Dr Sudhir Srivastava, Chairman, Fortis International Center for Robotic surgery, \"A typical surgery in a typical operation theatre includes two or three surgeons, an anesthesiologist, and several nurses - all needed for even the simplest of operations. But robotic surgery eliminates the need for so many people - it minimises the risk of error, and in a nearly empty OT, the doctor sits at a computer console (either in or outside the room) accomplishing what it once took a crowd of people to perform.\"He said that in robotic surgery there is no need to dissect the entire chest as they do in open chest surgeries nor is there a need to break the rib bones or the sternum bone for conducting the operation. \"In this robotic operation, only three incursions of one centimetre each need to be done in the left chest, which prevents heavy bleeding and reduces the rehabilitation period by seven times,\" Srivastava said. The newly opened centre for robotic surgery at Fortis hospital plans to have facilities for kidney transplant, cardiac surgeries, surgery for prostate cancer and a host of gynaecological problems.According to Dr N P Gupta, chairman of Medanta Kidney and Urology Institute, they have been doing robotic surgeries at the hospital on routine basis and the demand has increased. \"In a robotic surgery, one arm of the robot controls the camera and the other three hands manipulate the surgical instruments. The entire process is observed via a high-definition 3D vision system. The robotic arm is designed in such a way that it can reach the interiors of the organ curvature, which is not possible in traditional or microscopic surgery without damaging normal tissues,\" said Gupta. Dr A S Soin, who chairs the liver transplant and regenerative medicine department at the same hospital said that they are now foraying into using the machine in liver transplants.At AIIMS, robotic surgeries have picked up and the premier institute is now planning to use the machine for treatment of prostate cancer more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15551321", "title": "Govt halts Cudnem mine operations after riot", "text": "PANAJI: In an interim order, the Bicholim mamlatdar has directed the operation of the iron ore beneficiation plant run by Sesa Goa Limited at its Cudnem mine in Bicholim taluka to be stopped, citing a law and order issue.The mamlatdar, C B Shetkar, on Thursday issued the order based on a report from the Bicholim police station stating that continued operation at the plant could lead to a law and order problem.The Bicholim police on August 16 received a complaint from Sesa Goa stating that at 4am around 300 persons belonging to several security companies illegally trespassed into the plant located in Survey No. 88/0 and damaged property including CCTV camera cables and weighbridge RFID cable. Wireless sets and mobiles of security personnel were stolen and they were threatened, the complaint stated. Sources said it appeared to be a fall out of a dispute with a lease holder. No local residents were involved in the incident.In the complaint, some four officials of another mining firm have also been named. The Bicholim police have registered and a rioting case has been registered.Considering the situation, the mamlatdar passed the order for stopping operation of the beneficiation plant until further orders, saying that suspending the operation could be a remedial measure to prevent any untoward incident.In the complaint to the police, Sesa Goa has stated that it has been running the beneficiation plant since 1995 in Survey No 88/0 of Cudnem village.Police received a complaint from Sesa Goa stating that around 300 persons illegally trespassed into the plant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552727", "title": "Historian throws light on lesser known temples in Chennai", "text": "Chennai: The city is growing , but many of its historic temple shave not kept pace with the development . Whilesomehave been demolished to allow smoother flow of traffic , a few others have disappeared from public memory .For example , Koyambedu is known for its vegetable market but not many are aware thatithastwo ancienttemples , Vaikunthavasa Perumal and Korungalishwarar , said historian Chithra Madhavan in her presentation on Saturday about lesser known temples in thecity .\"Korungalishwarar was built during the time of the Cholas and has many inscriptions that talk about the reign of Chola kings ,\" shesaidin her talk , organized as part of the ongoing Madras Weekcelebrations . \"Thelarge mandapam of thistemplewithtall ,monolithic pillars , which belong to the Vijayanagar era ,isfullofsculptures depicting episodes from epics and puranas ,\" shesaid .The Thiruvalishwara temple atP adi andtheM asilamanishwarar temple at Tirumullaivoyal have Chola vestiges in the form of inscriptions and sculpture , she said . There are more such examples all over the city . \"Madambakkam has Dhenupurishwarar temple dedicated to Siva . Many Chola and Vijayanagara inscriptions on thewalls revealits antiquity ,\" shesaid .Though Mylapore is known for its temples , the most famous being the Kapaleeswarar temple , not many know that there are more ancient places of worship . Although much renovated , the Karanishwarar and Virupakshishwarar temples on Bazzar Street belong to an ancient time as understood from the inscriptions found there , she said .Youdon'thaveto go to Thanjavur or Madurai to see historic structures . It's all in your backyard ,she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552201", "title": "\u2018Adopt Oz model to tackle polytrauma\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala, which has no efficient mechanism to manage polytrauma (multiple trauma) cases, can replicate the system existing in Victoria, a state in Australia, which has an efficient mechanism to manage accidents and subsequent trauma problems, opined Peter Cameron , an expert in trauma care.He was speaking at Neurotrauma 2012, the 21st annual conference of the National Neurotrauma Society of India held in association with Medical Trust Hospital, in Kochi on Saturday. He said that even though setting up and managing a trauma system is expensive, it has become a necessity as traumatic injuries to brain, spine and nerves can cause permanent disability or death. \"The government in Victoria has been providing full support to accident victims and there are predetermined routes to take accident victims to the hospital. If funding poses a problem for the government in setting up the mechanism, the government has an option to set apart 10 % of the road tax for this purpose but it needs political will,\" said Peter Cameron, academic director of the Emergency and Trauma Centre, Alfred Hospital, Australia.He said that there is no organized system in Kerala for attending accident cases and the public is not aware of pre-hospital services unlike in Victoria. A team from Victoria had visited Kerala a few years ago and identified four or five places to set up trauma centers but there seems to be no follow up on the same, according to Joseph K Mathew, doctor of the Alfred Hospital. \"People here talk about diabetes and other lifestyle diseases, but top priority should be given for setting up of multiple trauma centers in the state as victims of accidents are mainly people aged below 35,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557222", "title": "Perarasu is back!", "text": "He struck box office gold with his very first film Thirupachi, and helped propel Vijay into the league of bankable mass heroes when he teamed up with the actor for the second time in Sivakasi. But Perarasu's career has been going downhill since then and now, the filmmaker is back with Bharath.Their film, unsurprisingly titled Thiruthani (the director has this habit of naming his films after the various town in the state), will see Bharath try to play a mass hero. The actor had tried something similar with Baasha director Suresh Krissna's Arumugam but that turned out to be a damp squib and is hoping that this film turns the tide.Thiruthani has Sunaina pairing up with the actor for the first time and also stars Raj Kiran and Pandiarajan in crucial supporting roles.Then film's music, by another 'mass' specialist Srikanth Deva, was released at a popular theatre in Chennai today and a host of K-Town personalities wished the entire team good luck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15550870", "title": "Quick Mira leaves the boys behind", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the skies opened up at the picturesque Lahari Resorts on the city outskirts, eleven-year-old Baroda girl Mira Kirit Erda revved up her engine and vroomed past the boys to finish on top in the qualifying round and the heats of the Micro Max category in the penultimate round of the five-leg 9th JK Tyre Rotax Max National Karting Championship on Saturday.Kush Maini of Maini Racing, the reigning champion in the Micro Max class, dominated the Junior Max category. Ameya Bafna of Rayo Racing, who finished second to Mithun Ganatra in qualifying, won Heat-I and Heat II in Senior Max.Seventh standard student Mira recorded the best lap in qualifying, clocking 33.523 seconds, 0.228 seconds faster than the second-placed HB Phaneesh. Buoyed by the swift finish in qualifying, Mira continued in the same vein as she won Heat I in 5 min 40.98 sec and Heat II in 5min 39.688 sec. Phaneesh finished second in Heat I, while Pradyumna V Danigond was runner-up in Heat II.Bangalore lad Kush Maini, who registered the fastest lap (29.563) of the day among all categories, was simply unstoppable even in the heats. Kush won Heat I in 7 min 33.161 seconds, well ahead of Nayan Chatterjee (7.35.139).Kush was even better in the second heat, finishing the 15-lap race in 7 min 30.104 seconds. Arya Gandhi finished second.Mithun Ganatra began with a bang, winning the qualifying round in 29.630. However, luck soon deserted the Maini Racing driver, who was awarded 10 seconds penalty for jumping the start in Heat I. He finished seventh in the heat but recovered to grab the fourth spot in Heat II.50 cars set to hit the road in TSD rally: The first round of the inaugural JK Tyre-FMSCI Indian National TSD Rally Championship was flagged off from Golden Gate Properties on Saturday with as many as 50 cars geared up to hit the road on Sunday morning.Kannada actress Aindrita Ray flagged off the cars while Additional General of Police (CID-Bengalore) NS Megharikh and Federation of Motor Sports Clubs of India President Vicky Chandhok were also present.The presence of experienced navigators and drivers makes the Time Speed and Distance rally more challenging and interesting.Bangalore's husband and wife combo of Satish Gopalkrishnan and navigator Savera D'Souza, the winners of Desert Storm (TSD), will be the star attraction. Former INRC champion Girijashankar Joshi will be navigated by Shrikanth Gowda while veteran BS Sujith Kumar will partner his long-time friend and driver Chidananda Murthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15550642", "title": "Nagpur team handled bouquets, brickbats for Satyamev Jayate", "text": "NAGPUR: While Aamir Khan was taking social messages to people across the country with his popular show Satyamev Jayate (SJ), and stirring up a healthy debate, a group of professionals at Nagpur was ensuring that feedback from the viewers was reaching him properly.The team of 50 worked tirelessly behind the scenes at Persistent Systems in their office at the IT Park here to ensure that relevant data reached the show's producers, to help them improve the show further. Though TOI was aware of the city's contribution to SJ, it could not be written earlier than today because of the company's contractual obligations. SJ's first season came to an end last week.Shekhar Patankar headed the special project at Persistent. \"It was one of the most challenging jobs I handled,\" he said. The feedback from viewers came from three sources - online, interactive voice response and SMS. Online responses came from SJ web site, Facebook and Twitter, whereas the IVR and SMS come to dedicated numbers given during the show.With 1.5 crore responses pouring in, the team had its task cut out. A special software automatically collects data from the web while third party vendors provide IVR and SMS responses to Persistent Systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552445", "title": "Youth drowns off Marina after engg counselling", "text": "Chennai: For Manjula, a 39-year-old maid from Velappadi near Vellore, Friday turned from a red- letter day to a black day in a few hours. In the morning, her son R Madhan Kumar, had got admission in an engineering college after attending the counselling at Anna University. At 2pm, he was no more.Kumar drowned off the Marina beach where he had gone to enjoy the day of his admission. His body was washed ashore in the evening.Manjula was inconsolable at the Government Royapettah Hospital where Kumar's body was kept on Saturday. \"He waved me goodbye before leaving saying he would be an engineer in four years,\" Manjula said between sobs. \"He asked me to forget all my worries as he is going to take care of me after he gets a job.\" Now she will continue to toil as a domestic help in Velappadi to bring up her younger son.Kumar came to Chennai on Friday. After he got registered for Balaji Chockalingam Engineering College in Arni near Vellore, he went to the Marina with his friend Manikandan. Witnesses said he was playing in the knee-deep water opposite the PWD office. Manikandan, a native of Tiruvannamalai, had also opted for the same college. Some said Manikandan warned him against going further into the sea. Within minutes, a wave pulled him in.Police said Kumar was supported by Balaji Chockalingam Secondary School, Arni, where he was given free accommodation and tuition. He scored 950 marks in Class 12 and was called for the engineering counselling on merit. He chose the engineering college run by the trust which runs his school. A professor from the college accompanied Kumar for the counselling.After the counseling, Kumar and Manikandan decided to go to Parrys to buy a mobile phone. The professor returned to Arni, asking them to get back without delay. They got down at Anna Square and were walking when Kumar said he wanted to go to the beach.His body was handed over to his family after an autopsy. They took his body to Velappadi in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15551483", "title": "Ruckus at DDU Hospital", "text": "Varanasi: Ruckus was created at Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Hospital campus by a group of people on Saturday after the police caused delay in sending the body of Ramshankar Patel for post-mortem examination. Patel was the former member of zila panchayat. He was murdered in Sutbalpur, under Shivpur police area, on Friday night.Patel (35), a resident of Jansa, was active in local politics. His murder came to light when some youth were trying to put his body on the railway tracks after taking it out from a car near Jaipar railway crossing in Sutbalpur area on Friday night. Some villagers noticed the activities of miscreants and reported the matter to police.SP city SK Singh reached the spot and Patel was rushed to DDU Hospital, where doctors declared him dead. Leaders of different political parties gathered at the hospital. His supporters went on rampage and created ruckus, when no police officer reached the hospital till late on Saturday morning to complete the formalities for sending the body for post-mortem examination. The situation normalized following the intervention of senior officials. Patel's family lodged a named FIR against RM Tripathi. The motive behind killing could not become clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556908", "title": "Hip replacement surgery makes 94-year-old lively", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 94, TC Chawla loves to play rummy and sing. There is always a gathering of more than 10 people at his Narayana Vihar bungalow in West Delhi. But he can certainly walk to the nearby club, which he often does, thanks to a hip replacement surgery he underwent two weeks ago. Like him, many older people - above 90s - are confidently undergoing treatment these days, thanks to better healthcare services and increase life span; hip and knee replacement surgeries, aortic valve replacement and bypass surgeries being the most common.\"Till 2008, Chawla uncle used to work. He used to go to Lajpat Nagar everyday during the day and in the evening he would go to clubs to play rummy and have drinks. But he recent met an accident and his hip bone got fractured in it. He underwent partial hip replaceement at a private hospital and was discharged in 48 hours,\" said Rajiv Chawla, his 54-year-old nephew. He said at present he can't do distance, but he walks. \"His elder brother was 104-year-old when he died,\" he added.Recently another 94-year-old man - S N Bhatt - underwent successful replacement of the both the diseased knees with artificial prosthesis. \"Before surgery, my legs were swollen; I wreathed in pain and remained bedridden mostly. Now, it is much better. I can walk on my own. It seems I have regained my lost life,\" said Bhatt. Cardiac surgeons say there is certainly an increase in the number of old patients undergoing open-heart surgery and other procedutres for heart ailments.Improved medical technology and techniques, combined with a rapidly aging population, mean there's more need \u2014 and more opportunity \u2014 for senior surgeries than ever, says Dr Ramneek Mahajan, Senior Orthopedic Joint replacement surgeon at Orthonova Hospital who operated on Chawla.Aside from a hip deformed in an accident , the patient was perfectly capable of surviving surgery and thriving afterward, as are many others. \"If you live into your 80s and you're relatively healthy, your chance of living to 100 is pretty good,\" Mahajan said.Dr Sujoy Shad, cardiac surgeon at Sir Ganga Ram hospital added, \"The primary risk for elderly candidates isn't the surgery itself, but the recovery afterward. Also, we have to carry out complete physical examination to rule out any underlying disease like kidney damage, diabetes, blood pressure related problems among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15556986", "title": "West Bengal Pollution Control Board starts tree plantation programme in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) organised a sapling distribution programme on Red Road on Saturday. It is part of the Sabujayan 2012 drive that will be organised through a series of such programmes to increase greenery in the city and its surroundings.More than 2,000 students from about 30 reputed schools in the city assembled on Red Road where they were handed over a sapling each. Environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar, industries minister Partha Chatterjee and other senior PWD, WBPCB and army officials were present on the occasion. Officials said that trees and saplings will be planted on both sides of all PWD roads in the city and its suburbs as part of the programme.Recently, more than 500 corporate houses and NGOs, including biggies like Tata, IISCO, SAIL, CESC and ECL pledged to protect and add to the state's greenery by submitting their offer to plant trees to the WBPCB. In order to increase greenery and ensure an eco-friendly environment, the board has also advised several industries to take up plantation programmes. Thousands of trees have already been planted in and around Asansol subdivision.\"The aim is to carry out tree plantation programmes in all important industrial areas like Asansol, Haldia and Durgapur. Not only plantation of trees on the sides of PWD roads and industrial areas, those planting the trees also need to protect them for at least two years by erecting fences around them,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15556672", "title": "Now one can get six pack abs through surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, one can easily get six pack abs with the help of cosmetic surgery. According to cosmetologists, this is done by etching the skin in longitudinal lines and removing superficial fat from the body through a technique called lipo-sculpture. Many aspiring models, actors and college students who don't able to get a chiseled body despite rigorous physical training, say doctors, undergo this procedure; a quick fix arrangement to get six pack abs, which they claim is long lasting.\"Now, I can strip my T-shirt to show off this perfect body. The cosmetic procedure has given me the confidence and the 'right shape' I always yearned for,\" said Arun Mehta (name changed), an aspiring model who has worked in some TV commercials.Mehta said he recently got an offer to appear for the screening program for the selection of the lead actor in a serial and that what prompted him to get six pack abs. \"I already had a good body so I thought exercise and some dietary changes will get me the abs. But nothing helped. And then someone suggested about this cosmetic procedure where the doctors shape the body using some ultrasound machine to give it the look of six-pack ab,\" he added.Rahul Bhatia (name changed), a rugby player who underwent the same procedure last month, said that the surgery helped him lose a lot of fat. \"I suffered an accident last year and after that I gained a lot of weight. The surgery not only gave me the six-pack abs but also helped in doing away with the fat,\" he said. But both the cases agreed that the six-pack abs created through the cosmetic procedure helps only in terms of look and there is no real difference in terms of gaining strength. \"Natural abs are of course better,' said Bhatia.Explaining the procedure, Dr Ajaya Kashyap, HOD of Cosmetic Surgery at Fortis said, \"The procedure of body sculpting to achieve six pack abs involves removing the fat from the body in longitudinal lines by creating humps in such a way that it creates an illusion. This is done by etching the skin and removing superficial fat by segregating it from surrounding tissue through liposuction.\" He claimed to have treated more than 50 patients have been treated by him for this procedure. The cost for this procedure can be anywhere between Rs 80,000 to 100,000.Dr Sunil Choudhary, director, Max Institute of Aesthetic and Reconstructive Surgery, said that right selection of cases who can undergo this procedure is important. \"Cosmetic surgery for making six pack abs cannot be done on heavy-weight or thin persons. One who is fit otherwise can be given the six pack abs look with the help of cosmetic surgery,\" said Choudhary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15551445", "title": "Chaos raj rules the roost as Rajasthan University elections \u2018stomp\u2019 Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Students union election at the University of Rajasthan (RU) and its constituent colleges ended on Saturday, but not before defacing the city and turning it into a big litter ground. As supporters of the contesting candidates moved around in gangs, shouting, screaming, speeding up overloaded vehicles while violating the traffic rules at will, student hooliganism was at its peak. Commuters were forced to avoid roads close to college campuses. Pamphlets seeking votes for contestants were strewn all over the roads for kilometres and posters were pasted on walls and statutes of even Mahatma Gandhi and Dr Ambedkar.The election code of conducted was blatantly flouted even on Saturday, despite the high court's observation a day ago that the RU was being a silent spectator to the breach of Lyngdoh Committee's recommendations for students union polls. The University administration turned a blind eye even as the government buildings were defaced. Printed materials in support of candidates of both the main parties, ABVP and NSUI, were used for campaigning in violation of the Lyngdoh committee rules that allow only handmade pamphlets.Though a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) refused to stay the student union elections on Friday, it categorically stated that if charges about use of violence and unfair means by the contestants were proven, the court would not hesitate to strike down the election results.Nonetheless, the conditions were no better on Saturday. The JLN Marg along the RU, the Rajasthan College and the Commerce College, and the roads leading to the Maharaja's and the Maharani's colleges were littered with pamphlets and posters even on the day when the code of conduct was in force.The university administration and the police turned a blind eye these violations and were confined their roles to seeing that the 'voting was going on smoothly.'\"The Election Commission does not allow MLAs and MPs to deface public properties during the elections. But student leaders contesting the elections have gone a step ahead in flouting the norms, especially about not defacing the public property,\" said Rajpal Sharma, a former RUSU president and member of the Youth Congress.Most of the signboards in the city were covered with student posters and banners, causing inconvenience to the commuters. Even at maternity hospitals, contestants' posters were pasted on the state government's banners publicizing welfare schemes like the Janani Suraksha Yojana. Walls of the Sawai Man Singh hospital, too, were covered with the contestants' posters.Majority of the RU officials and the police officers kept mum on being asked if the candidates were making a mockery of the Lyngdoh committee recommendations that strictly prohibit pasting of printed posters and banner. \"If we get any official complaint, we will certainly take action against the guilty,\" a senior police officer said.According to the sources, the RU received some complaints but was yet to take action. \"Certain things are under consideration and are being investigated. If we get concrete evidences on how a particular candidate has flouted the norms, we will not hesitate to dismiss that person's candidature,\" said Professor RV Singh, chief returning officer and dean student's welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15555666", "title": "New trauma center for dental emergencies in Delhi soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi state health department has approved Rs 45 crore for the construction of a new building within the premises of Maulana Azad Institute of Dental Sciences (MAIDS) to establish a 24x7 dental trauma centre. The dental college was the nodal centre for dental emergencies during the Commonwealth Games 2010 and since then it has been running a round-the-clock emergency. Doctors at MAIDS say that they have been flooded with dental emergency cases and are doing close to 40 surgeries every month.\"The decision to start a dental trauma centre was taken after MAIDS saw heavy rush in its emergency, which was started on an experimental basis three months back. We get 10-15 patients everyday with fracture of teeth and jaws. Some dental injuries like tooth fracture - where the tooth is dispensed in the airway - can lead to respiration problem can lead to death,\" said Dr Mahesh Verma, Director, MAIDS.He said that majority of patients are referred Lok Nayak hospital and other neighbouring hospitals. Verma added that till now, dental emergencies were not given priority in accident cases. \"Patients come to us after they have recovered completely from other injuries. But in most cases it is too late to fix the dental damages. In this trauma centre, we will be able to attend patients immediately and minimize the damage,'' Verma said.In this trauma centre, there will be dedicated operation theatres, ICU and wards ^25-bedded ward each for male and female. ``It is a welcome move. It will help expand our existing dental services,'' said Kiran Walia, Delhi helath minister.The new center will also have research and development wing. MAIDS has developed the cheapest dental implant under the New Millennium Indian Technology Leadership Initiative by the Ministry of Science and Technology. Human trials are under process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15553444", "title": "Woman's chain robbed", "text": "HUBLI: A miscreant robbed a gold chain of a woman when she was returning home after performing puja at a temple in Pagadi Galli here in the wee hours of Saturday.Ghantikeri police said a man, who trailed Mohinibai Jain, 50, from behind, snatched her 19gm gold chain worth Rs 45,000 while she was returning from Jain Mandir of Kanchagar Galli. He fled from the scene soon after committing the crime.Ghantikeri police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553491", "title": "DDA begins inspection of poorly built flats", "text": "New Delhi: Delhi Development Authority (DDA) seems to be waking up from its slumber with complaints that flats that are not liveable have been allotted pouring in. Sources said LG Tejinder Khanna had taken up the issue and the new vice-chairman, S K Srivastava, is now looking into it. The VC has announced that an inquiry into the problems at flats allotted in the 2010 housing scheme has been ordered.The inquiry team has been sent to areas like Mukherjee Nagar, Dwarka, Rohini and Vasant Kunj to get a first-hand impression. In some colonies, allottees have been given possession though the flats are far from being habitable while in other areas, possession is likely to take several months more.Highly-placed sources said a crackdown has begun with three executive engineers and one junior engineer being suspended on Saturday over the condition of the Mukherjee Nagar flats, following a meeting between the allottees and top DDA officials. Similar action is expected next week in other areas though DDA officials were not able to confirm this. \"An inquiry has been ordered to look into the lapses and action will be taken accordingly against people responsible,'' said DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar.The sources also said that there was a reshuffle within the Authority at the lower levels in the past few days following increasing complaints from the allottees.On Saturday morning, senior officials of DDA, including chief engineer, chief engineer (civil) and chief engineer (electrical), visited Mukherjee Nagar and inspected all the 336 flats whose possession was handed over to the allottees in June.\"We told the officials that the flats were incomplete, and after their inspection, even they agreed. They asked us for three months time to complete the flats but we feel that it will take at least six months. We told them that since the allottees had made full payment of Rs 90 lakh for these flats, we should get some interest till they were ready,'' said an allottee of a Mukherjee Nagar flat, not wanting to be named.Many allottees have taken huge bank loans to pay for the flats and are now also paying rent because the flats are not ready. \"The allottees should be compensated for this harassement,'' said an allottee. Similar inspections are going to be carried out in Vasant Kunj and Dwarka next week, say sources, and action will be taken against errant officials.Some allottees said they were being made to sign an undertaking to take possession of flats without power and water or face cancellation of their allotment. ''There is no law under which such an undertaking can be taken from allottees. It is completely illegal. Many are being forced to give it by the Authority,'' alleged Anil Sharma (name changed), another allottee of Mukherjee Nagar.Added an allottee of a Dwarka flat: \"It will take months to get power/water in my flat and I have been asked to give this undertaking which I have not done till now. I plan to meet the site inspector,'' he said. DDA has denied this and said that only in rare circumstances they give possession of flats without power/water and do so only if an allottee insists on it by giving an undertaking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15553450", "title": "Dharwad prison lacks necessary infrastructure", "text": "DHARWAD: The escape of notorious criminal Haneef Byari of Kammardi from Dharwad central jail on Thursday, and the subsequent arrest at Bhatkal the next day, reflect the state of affairs in the jail.Haneef's escape from the jail in broad daylight has left several questions to be answered, and raised doubts about the integrity and efficiency of the jail staff. It has also raised questions about the safety of other inmates of the jail.It is common knowledge that such things cannot happen without help from the men guarding the gates. That all is now well with the jail administration is evident from the revelations made during the search operations conducted by police. It may be recalled here that the then police commissioners Raghavendra Auradkar (in December 2010) and Narayan Nadamani in (August 2007) had seized live bullets, narcotic drugs, cellphones, mobile chargers, SIM cards, knives and cash from the prison cells. Such incidents also expose lack of infrastructure in the jail. Established in 1858 as sub-jail, the Dharwad prison became a Borstal school (to lodge juveniles) in 1965. Being basically a reformation school, the Dharwad prison did not have the infrastructure needed to lodge convicts and hardcore criminals.Only in 2006 this jail was upgraded as a central jail, but it is yet to have the facilities of a central jail. Situated in a sprawling 60 acres land on Pune-Bangalore highway, the jail buildings spread over 20 acres.Dharwad jail is short of staff. The trouble started in the jail after notorious rowdy Hebbat Manja, accused in a murder case, entered the jail as an under trial in December 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552124", "title": "BIEC employees go on mass leave, to intensify stir", "text": "Patna: Employees of Bihar Intermediate Education Council (BIEC), now merged with Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB), went on mass leave on Friday to protest the apathetic attitude of examination board authorities on promotion and implementation of the sixth pay commission.BIEC employees' coordination committee secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh said, \"The BSEB management has given a letter that it will release a seniority list, but that will not solve our purpose as it will be related to promotion. We want proper adjustment of BIEC staff in BSEB according to state government resolution.\" He said, \"We will proceed with our indefinite strike as we had planned because BSEB administration does not seem keen to solve the issue.\"BSEB secretary Lalan Jha said, \"Mass leave by BIEC members did not cause any problem. However, we will release a seniority list by Tuesday.\" Jha added, \"If they still go on indefinite strike, we cannot do much about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15551530", "title": "Supreme Court Amarnath ruling runs into protest", "text": "SRINAGAR: Resistance to making the journey to Amarnath smoother and safer could snowball in Kashmir following separatist leader Mirwaiz Umer Farooq's protest against the Supreme Court's direction to the government to construct roads and build infrastructure on the route. Farooq says it would disturb the region's delicate ecological balance.\"If the road construction is taken up in the area, it would lead to felling of trees. This will trigger an ecological disaster in this environmentally sensitive region,\" Mirwaiz said on Friday. He said it would increase pollution and result in the melting of glaciers.The Supreme Court had issued directions to build infrastructure on the Amarnath route after taking cognizance of 100 deaths during the pilgrimage to the shrine this year.Mirwaiz while asking the court to consider the environmental aspect of any move to felling of lush green trees, accused the government of \"taking the judiciary's shield\" on issues involving public resistance.A civil society group, comprising academics and journalists, echoed the Mirwaiz on Saturday and warned that politicization of the pilgrimage could be fraught with serious consequences. \"We strongly believe that the principles of conservation of environment and administrative facilitation as applied to the pilgrimage to holy Gangotri and the larger conservation plans for the holy Ganga river be applied to the pilgrimage to Amarnath cave shrine as was the established practice in the past,\" the group said in a statement. \"Application of uniform principles of conservation and protection are not only necessitated by the imperatives of the National Environment Policy and the National Forest Policy but also emphasized by the uniform standards of judicial principles.\"The 31-member group said they support administrative measures to ensure good health and well-being of the pilgrims. \"Construction of roads and cable cars will not help in preventing deaths because of the inherent health risks in high altitude travel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15553176", "title": "34% increase in deposits at rural banks", "text": "RANCHI: If deposits in banks are indicative of prosperity of a region, Jharkhand villages have been blazing quite a trail over the past couple of years. The volume of money deposited with rural bank branches witnessed a whopping 34% increase over the last fiscal as against increase of mere 19% in the urban bank branches. With emphasis on financial inclusion, linking MGNREGA wages with bank accounts and increase in coverage of rural areas with bank branches both deposits and advances of the rural bank branches have increased substantially.As against deposits of Rs 14,893 crore in the rural bank branches of state on June 2011, the net deposits stood at Rs 19,966 crore in June 2012 showing an increase of Rs 5,073 crore corresponding to 34.06% over the deposits of last fiscal. In contrast, the deposits in urban banks stood at Rs 43,776 crore by June end as against the deposits of Rs 3, 802 crore of June 2011. The increase in amount deposited in urban bank branches increased by Rs 6,974 crore corresponding to 19% rise than the previous fiscal.S K Singh, assistant general manager, Allahabad Bank which is the convener bank for state level bankers committee (SLBC) here said that the rise in deposits of rural bank branches could be correlated with extension of bank services through different models in the rural areas and thrust given to the financial inclusion drive.\"The money in villages that never came to the banks has now started being routed through banks because of robust bank infrastructure and financial inclusion of the people,\" he said. He however said that large chunk of the money in rural bank branches could be attributed to wages meant for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) workers. \"Obviously this indicates to prosperity of villages because more and more money is coming to the villages in form of wages through the national scheme,\" he said.Developmental economist and professor at Ranchi University Ramesh Sharan however has a different opinion. He believes that since the components of deposits are not available for scrutiny rise in the deposits could not be linked with prosperity. \"If the time deposit component of the aggregate deposits has increased it may indicate that people in rural Jharkhand have enough to put in fixed deposits but if the increase in deposits is because of rise in demand deposits it may indicate to hoarding of government funds in the bank branches,\" he said.Substantiating his argument Singh said that a major component of the deposits comes in form of government fund meant for the welfare and development schemes for the villages. \"Money meant for the schemes reaches the blocks through rural bank branches and if the money is not withdrawn and spent on time it reflects as increased deposits in the bank ledger,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15557791", "title": "Apollo Hospitals Group to host two international conferences", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Apollo Hospitals Group is all set to organize twin conferences at Hyderabad. The '3rd International Conference on Transforming Healthcare with IT 2012' is being organized on August 31- September 1 at the Hyderabad International Convention Centre, and the '2nd International Congress on Patient Safety; Best Practices for Asia' will be held on September 1-2, 2012 at the same venue.The '3rd International Conference on Transforming Healthcare with IT 2012' aims to bring together all healthcare eco-system players on a global platform, to participate, propagate and promote the various technology-driven transformational approaches, solutions and their benefits to the grassroots, administrators, providers, and research community and to find ways to achieve the goal of an equitable, sustainable, quality healthcare system.70 speakers including 26 Specialists from the USA, Canada, UK, Middle East, Pakistan, Belgium, Denmark, Bulgaria, Japan, New Zealand, Malaysia and Iran will participate in the Conference to share personal experiences on how ICT (Information and Communications Technology) is making a majordifference in healthcare. A special tutorial on Health Information Systems and Digital Health Records with Case Studies will be conducted as a part of the conference.Subsequently, the '2ndInternational Congress on Patient Safety'will address critical issues in patient safety from relevant experts across the world. The main purpose of this International Congress is to discuss how proactive practices and streamlined systems could improve patient safety. The multi-disciplinary invigorating learning sessions will involve participants from all areas of the healthcare continuum, including clinical and administrative leaders, practitioners, healthcare academics, regulators and caregivers.\"Transforming healthcare and delivering greater value to patients over time is closely tied to effective adoption of information technology. Collaboration and convergence will be the next wave of innovation in Indian healthcare. Technology plays a vital role in facilitating equitable healthcare distribution and helps in creating awareness about various health issues. Technology has also begun positively impacting various stages of the patient's lifecycle.On the other hand Patient safety has evolved to become a distinct and important health care discipline across the world. Preventable errors in healthcare have led to undue stress and anxiety for patients and their families, the idea of patient safety is to improve quality, access and safety. The conference aims to provide an insight on how reforms can affect health organisations and patients by providing efficient and effective solutions to common challenges faced. Against this backdrop, the International Conference on Transforming Healthcare with IT will seek to highlight best-practice solutions for present-day problems, while the second International Conference will focus on practices and systems that boost Patient Safety,\" said Sangita Reddy, Executive Director - Operations, Apollo Hospitals.A joint panel discussion with the Patient Safety Congress will highlight how ICT can make a difference in patient safety. Senior secretaries from the Central Government and the State Governments will also discuss the role of ICT and eHealth initiatives across India. Exhibitors at the Conference will highlight the latest advances made in the use of information technology in healthcare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553507", "title": "Delhi Police's public connect: Advertisements get snazzier", "text": "New Delhi: What can you make of a collage of mobile phones, wrist watches, teddy bears and cameras with a caption reading 'Spot the bomb in this ad'? It's not a puzzle in your Sunday newspaper but one of Delhi Police's new advertisements.In order to broaden its reach, the force has issued special orders to its advertisement department to make their slogans \"edgier\". The result \u2014 a range of eye-catching, interactive and engaging billboards that leave quite an impression on the viewer.Now, when you open the newspaper, you can see an empty jail cell with the door ajar. The tagline reads \u2014 \"The only bars open for drunk drivers. 24X7.\" This anti-drunk driving advertisement has had substantial impact, says Umesh Mishra, an engineer who frequents his local watering hole on weekends.\"When I read it in the paper, it really jolted me. That is not the kind of 'bar' I want to land in after an enjoyable night out,\" he says.In one advertisement, a timer can be seen nestled in an innocent teddy bear's body. \"Guns and grenades aren't the only weapons of terror,\" says the caption. \"These advertisements are based on real experiences. During the 1993 Mumbai blasts, bombs were hidden inside teddy bears as well as other mundane objects. The intent of these ads is to ensure that the public remains alert. We have 10 advertising agencies working for us. All have been instructed to come up with creative advertisements that have an impact,\" explains Delhi Police PRO and additional DCP (crime) Rajan Bhagat.In another advertisement against drunk driving, a glass of lemonade is placed alongside four glasses of whisky. \"When you're in the mood for a drink, ensure that one of you doesn't drink,\" advises the punchline. Not just attractive, the ads are also informative. It informs you that 13,622 drunk drivers have been prosecuted this year till July 31, suggesting that a group out for a night of celebration with spirits must have a designated driver who remains sober.The advertisements cover a wide variety of topics and are times appropriately. For instance, the campaign against ragging in colleges. There's one ad that shows a circle of college students presenting flowers to a friend. Then there's Delhi Police's initiative 'Yuva' for street children and the underprivileged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15552023", "title": "15 schools bag awards at science exhibition", "text": "INDORE: The two-day science exhibition held at Choithram School, Manik Bagh concluded with 15 schools bagging prizes in different categories, here on Saturday.About 150 students from 40 CBSE affiliated schools of Indore, Mhow, Hoshangabad, Vidhisha, Bilaspur, Satna and Jhabua showcased 70 projects and models during the exhibition. The valedictory function commenced with a Bihu dance performance by class VIII and IX girls. Dr P K Chande, group director, TRUBA group, presented the awards to winners. Dr Chande appreciated the efforts of the participants and teachers, and emphasized on building of scientific temperament amongst the students.A panel of judges for the exhibition contest comprised Dr Sanjay Vyas; professor of Botany and head of Seed Technology at Govt Holkar Science College, Indore, Dr Kislay Pancholi; professor of Botany at Govt. Holkar Science College, Indore, Dr. Vikesh Gupta; HOD [Applied Sciences] at S. D. Bansal College of Engineering, Dr. W. R. Deshpande, ex. associate director (Research) at Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Kasturbagram, Indore, Dr. Norman Sharma; consultant physician &amp; endocrinologist at Choithram Hospital and Research Centre, Indore and Amitava Saraswati, M Sc (Maths), presently pursuing PhD in Number Theory &amp; involved in an NCERT - IIT Bombay joint project for developing content for mathematics teaching.Choithram School Head Girl Shagun Joshi proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15557379", "title": "RiRi slammed for 'sanctioning' domestic violence", "text": "Rihanna has been accused of sanctioning violence by charities, after she admitted that she still feels \"protective\" towards former boyfriend Chris Brown who was charged with assaulting her three years ago.In an interview with Oprah Winfrey , the 24-year-old R and B artist had insisted that Brown \"made a mistake\" and \"needed help\" when, according to police reports, he punched her in the face, smashed her head against a car window, and bit her following an argument on the eve of the Grammys in 2009.One charity said that she was in danger of \"reducing savage attacks to the seriousness reserved for kiss-and-make-up stories in glossy magazines,\" while another called for an end to \"sticking-plaster policies\" in pop culture's attitudes towards domestic violence.\"This sends out a very dangerous message to teenagers that roller-coaster relationships with violence-prone personalities are edgy and exciting,\" the Independent quoted Erin Pizzey, the campaigner who pioneered aid for abused women by setting up Britain's first refuge centre for victims, as saying.\"They're not. The relationship is toxic and unhealthy. Both are in need of help and that is the message that young people should be receiving,\" she said.The 'Umbrella' hitmaker also said that the assault had left her in \"a weird, confusing space.\"Conceding that she still harboured feelings for her former boyfriend, she added: \"I lost my best friend - like everything I knew switched in a night, and I couldn't control that.\"He made that mistake because he needed help. Everybody's gonna say he's a monster without looking at the source. I was more concerned about him,\" she said.Vivienne Hayes, chief executive of the Women's Resource Centre, said: \"Rihanna's case demonstrates the emotional complexities felt by women locked in abusive relationships.\"\"It is common for victims to blame themselves for violence perpetrated by their male partners. Whatever the nature of the argument, [Brown] chose to beat her up.\"He has to accept responsibility for that choice. And we need to stop society allowing us to normalise such behaviour,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15552518", "title": "Southern, western states keep India healthy, Azad says", "text": "BANGALORE: Who is helping India uphold its image of a healthy country in the international scene? It's the southern and western states, according to Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad .\"All the southern states, irrespective of the ruling party, are doing well on the health front. Whether it is Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu or Puducherry, all are best performing states. They along with western states, are keeping India's health indices presentable in the international arena. Rest of the country, in northern, eastern and northeastern states, it is very bad, showing negative performance. This is neutralized by performance of southern and western states,\" the minister said while inaugurating the Rs 200-crore super speciality hospital block at Vani Vilas Hopital on Saturday.The minister also said that six AIIMS-type centres are coming up in backward areas of the country in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Uttaranchal, Orissa and Bihar. Upgradation of 19 hospitals is also under way in Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and other states, he said.Lauding the state government for contributing Rs 100 crore, about 50% share of the super speciality complex under the Prime Minister Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY), the minister said other states should emulate this example and make best use of central assistance. The super speciality complex was sanctioned in 2006-07 . The building has built-up area of more than 14,000 sqm with ground and five floors and has 203-bed capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15552237", "title": "Patna University strike against \u2018lawlessness\u2019", "text": "Patna: All academic and administrative activities in Patna University (PU) remained completely paralysed on Saturday as the university teachers along with non-teaching staff observed a day's token strike in protest against the growing lawlessness on the campus and the recent attack on the vice-chancellor.Most colleges and postgraduate departments wore a deserted look as the teachers and non-teaching staff abstained from duty. Some students did turn up to attend their classes, but had to return disappointed. Even the locks of some institutions were not opened on Saturday.The striking teachers, at a meeting held at Patna College seminar hall, expressed their concern at the current chaotic condition on the campus owing to the reported obstinacy of a section of students. They decided that a committee of teachers should talk to the fasting students once again and persuade them to end the fast so that the normal functioning of the university is restored.The fast unto death launched by nine students in support of their demands continued for the 12th day on Saturday. Their demands include removal of Patna College principal, scrapping the college's new hostel allotment policy and withdrawal of all cases instituted against the agitating students.Governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar had on Friday expressed his concern over the current turmoil on Patna University (PU) campus and asked PU teachers to talk to the chief minister for resolving the crisis. Talking to a 15-member delegation of PU teachers led by Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) president and B N College principal P K Poddar at Raj Bhavan on Friday evening, the governor observed that only the state government could deal with the law and order problem. He said that every effort should be made to protect the image of the seventh oldest university of the country.The delegation handed over a memorandum of demands to the governor and apprised him of the latest situation prevailing in the university due to the agitation launched by a section of students.PU VC Shambhu Nath Singh also expressed his concern at the impasse created due to the rigid stand of the fasting students. No sane student would oppose the hostel allotment policy aimed at creating a healthy atmosphere in hostels, the VC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15551014", "title": "Shoppers go into overdrive ahead of Eid celebrations", "text": "MUMBAI: Markets were buzzing with activity on Saturday during the final weekend of Ramzan.Given that Mumbai celebrates Eid after observing 29 'rozas' this year, the community leaders will decide on Sunday whether the additional 'roza' must be fulfilled after the festival.\"The ulema and muftis will decide on the matter and inform us,\" said Qari Niyaz Ahmed Qadri, vice-president of the Darul Uloom Hanfia Rizvia at Colaba.However, the president of All-India Ulema Council Maulana Mahmood Daryabadi said this was a remote possibility. In his Eid message, Daryabadi sent out a prayer of peace for the victims of the Assam violence.Like Qari Niyaz Ahmed, the heads of various mosques and madarsas sent out a prayer for peace and brotherhood on 'alvida jumma' (Friday) and will do so again Monday morning.Meanwhile, the buzz ahead of celebrations is palpable in markets across Muslim neighbourhoods from Mohammed Ali Road to Andheri, Bandra, Kalina, Kurla and Jogeshwari.In anticipation of the special morning 'namaz', men were seen shopping for 'shalwar-kurta' and skull caps across Bhendi Bazar and Pydhonie. Women thronged the bazars to buy clothes and fashion accessories. Food remains a priority and as the Ramzan bazars get ready to wind up on Sunday, huge crowds arrived to savour the final meats and 'malpuas' of the season. However, the Bohra community which observes Ramzan by a fixed calendar celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr on Saturday after completing their 30th roza on Friday.\"We felt especially blessed to have our two iconic leaders Aqamoula Dr Mohammed Burhanuddin Maula and Dr Mufaddal Maula amidst us this year. It was a privilege not just to see them but receive their guidance during prayer,\" said Bohri businessman Murtuza Ali.On Saturday morning, the Mazgaon masjid where Ali prayed was full to capacity. After the special namaz, the congregation greeted one another and went home to distribute 'sheerkorma' among relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "story", "code": "15555930", "title": "Shooter", "text": "Story:  It's a story of how Dibya becomes Deba while taking revenge of his parents' murderMovie Review: In Bollywood, during the 70s era, a very tall and angry young man called Amitabh Bachchan acted in many memorable movies which had the hero taking revenge against some purely evil villains for the wrong that they did to his closed ones, mostly parents. Apart from Big B, everything else about those movies, starting from glamorous heroines like Parveen Babi or Zeenat Aman to fantastic supporting casts, good stories and last but not the least, the unforgettable songs, were well appreciated by the audience. Bengali movies have also tried to follow the same routine when Prasenjit Chatterjee or Chiranjit came into the picture. But, a lot of time has passed since then and Bollywood as well as Tollywood has gone through sea-changes. The films, with their new concepts and interesting storylines, have evolved to a new level. And most importantly, audience-psyche has changed drastically over the years. So, if one wants to apply the same old revenge-formula while making a movie in 2012 and doesn't even try to change the pattern or the story line, the movie has hundred percent chances of generating acute disappointment. That's what happened with \"Shooter\".The film totally reeks of that age-old concept which certainly doesn't work anymore. Moreover, the lack of hero-like qualities in Joy (who played the lead protagonist Dibya aka Deba), poor dialogues and ample amount of vulgarity and unnecessary violence made it worse. Sayantika as Meghna showed some potential. But she still has a long way to go. The only good thing about the movie is Ashish Vidyarthy's evil-act, though some repetitive dialogues uttered by him to show how cruel he can be became extremely monotonous after a certain point of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15553392", "title": "Jawan firm on demand, refuses to leave tower", "text": "New Delhi: After spending the night on a 200-foot high tower, Army personnel K Muthu refused to step down on Saturday. \"I will come down only if defence minister A K Antony comes here and listens to my complaint. I should be allowed to be discharged from service otherwise,\" Muthu was heard proclaiming. He had alleged on Friday that his seniors had been harassing him.Muthu, who is attached to Corps of Engineers, had climbed the tower at Ajmeri Gate on Friday and stayed there despite numerous appeals by police officers. On Saturday, a second Army officer of his regiment was sent up to pacify him, even as cops, fire officials and other Army officers remained positioned on the ground, helplessly. However, Muthu was not convinced. Even Army officials tried to negotiate with Muthu thrice on Saturday, but to no avail.\"We have sent up some fruits and refreshment for the jawan and hope that he will agree to come down soon. He has climbed a high-rise structure in Bangalore too on the same issue,\" said additional commissioner of police (central) Devesh Srivastva.Meanwhile, fire officials said that it is very risky to attempt to bring Muthu down forcibly. \"His consent is needed before we help him get off the tower. We will not risk antagonizing him as he may take an extreme step or something may go amiss,\" said a fire officer of the area.Muthu, who is deployed in Kota, has been absent from his unit since July 7 and sources claim that he hadn't asked for leave. A court of inquiry is likely to be ordered soon and action will be taken against him, sources said, adding that Muthu had sought retirement from the force. \"Muthu is embarassing the force,\" a source said. According to police, a separate case will be lodged against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15551996", "title": "Soaring fodder prices puts dairy farmers in a tight spot", "text": "MADURAI: Dairy farmers in the district are worried now with the monsoon playing hide and seek, and fodder prices for cattle steadily rising. There are nearly 50,000 dairy farmers in the district who contribute milk to Aavin and other private companies procuring milk. According to the dairy farmers, the number of cattle can be estimated at 80,000, but the steep rise in fodder prices are forcing them to look toward cheap practices. One among them is feeding cattle with cooked rice. The farmers are procuring free rice distributed through the public distribution system and use it as fodder for animals, especially in blocks like Usilampatti, Chellampatti and Sedapatti, they said.Recently, S Muthupandi, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu Milk Producers' Association, along with a few dairy farmers, have submitted petitions to the district collectorate over the issue of subsidy on cattle loans pending for a long time, as well as the fodder issue.\"We are facing serious problems over fodder as prices have doubled from last year and pasture grounds are drying up fast due to lack of rain. Many farmers are substituting free PDS rice for fodder, which is very harmful for the animals. There was a fodder production unit functioning in Kappalur, but it has closed down. If the unit can be reopened and fodder is provided at 50 percent subsidy, it will greatly aid milk producers\", he stressed.P Jayaraj, a dairy farmer from Karumathur, said most cattle owners were not affluent farmers but small farmers who found cattle rearing viable after agriculture became tough. \"All fodder prices have increased though the procurement rate for the milk was not raised proportionately. If there are regular rains, we can at least manage with grass in the lands,\" he pointed out.The farmers also pointed out another problem --- that the subsidy component of bank loans for cattle had been pending for a long time despite farmers having almost paid off loans. \"Since the subsidies are pending, bankers are reluctant to provide loans for the second animal. Hence, we have petitioned the district collector,\" Muthupandi said. He also said dairy farmers in other states like Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Puducherry were paid Rs 2 per litre as incentive, and if Aavin came out with such a system, it would motivate dairy farmers in the state, he added.District collector Anshul Mishra said the subsidy component on cattle loan was pending from the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). \"We are ready with the bank loans but are expecting the nod on the subsidy component from NABARD. We will also work on sending a proposal to the government on reopening the fodder production unit in Kappalur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15554650", "title": "Slum dwellers to get title deeds", "text": "NAGPUR: The State Cabinet has approved a slum development policy seeking to give title deeds to slum dwellers, remove hurdles in constructing houses in such areas and to provide minimum infrastructure in slums.The Maharashtra government's housing department has issued the circular, informed BJP MLA from Nagpur, Devendra Fadnavis. He said that the decision will pave way for developmental activities in slum areas like Rambag, Gujarwadi, Jaitala, Ekatmata Nagar, Takia, Saraswati Nagar, Pandhrabodi, Sanjay Nagar, Kafla Vasti, Chuna Toli, Barasignal, Ghat road and Indira Nagar.According to a slum mapping, there are over 8 lakh people living in these slums. The policy envisages providing basic infrastructure such as drinking water, sanitation, electricity and road connectivity for slum dwellers. The major aim of the policy is to make the State slum-free in the coming years.Fadnavis, who had raised the issue in 2011 winter session through a calling attention motion, also drew attention of the state government in the monsoon session. The government finaly agreed to his demand and directed the housing department to start the process to give title deeds to slum dwellers.In the recent past, BJP corporator from Dhantoli Jail ward Sandip Joshi too had organised various protests for rights for Takia slum dwellers. \"All amenities appear to be staying away from the slums. They have no streetlights, regular drinking water supply and proper drainage, even though they were staying there for the last 3 decades,\" he said.The state government had given assurances in the state assembly to give subsequent directions to the concerned authorities like NMC, NIT, Mhada regarding implementation of the directives, Fadnavis claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15551632", "title": "Truck holds up traffic on Mysore road for 8 hrs", "text": "COIMBATORE: Traffic on the busy Coimbatore-Mysore Road was totally paralyzed for eight hours from 1 am on Saturday after a truck laden with steel bars stranded at 15th hairpin of Dhimbam Ghat section after developing technical snag. The vehicular traffic was resumed by 8 am after unloading the truck.The ghat section has 27 hairpin bends and hundreds of vehicles were stranded on both sides of the 15th bend. Stranded vehicles included buses operated by TNSTC and Karnataka Transport Corporation and it even affected the movement of vehicles in the nearby Sathyamangalam town. Later, Coimbatore-bound vehicles were stopped at Hassannur checkpost while those in the Mysore and Chamaraj Nagar directions were stopped near Bannariamman Temple at Bannari. As it was ghat road, efforts to divert vehicles through Kolleigal-Mettur route also failed.\"It was an ordeal. The Thrichur-bound Karnataka RTC's bus passed Dhimbam PWD rest house at around 1.25 am. Within minutes, the bus was trapped on the ghat road,'' said R Sreedevi of Avarampalyam, who was one among the many trapped passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551131", "title": "Five arrested for highway robberies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of local crime branch (LCB) of Ahmedabad rural police rounded up five persons for robberies on highways around Ahmedabad in the past four months.According to LCB officials, a team got a tip-off that a gang was active on Sarkhej-Sanand highway. Working on the information, they kept a watch near Sabar circle on Friday night and stopped a Toyota Qualis matching the description. The officials found an airgun and five mobile phones from the four men seated in the SUV. They were detained and later questioned thoroughly.\"The accused were identified as Salim Saiyad, 22, Husnuddin Shaikh, 21, both residents of Nandasan, Lakshman Sharma, 30, Amjadkhan Pathan, 29, both residents of Kadi, and Irfan Ghanchi, 30, a resident of Kalol. The gang members confessed that they were active on busy roads such as Sanand-Kadi, Sanand-Virochannagar, Kadi-Detroj and highways in south Gujarat,\" said an LCB official.Investigators said that they used to target passengers awaiting ride to destinations such as Sanand, Viramgam, Kadi and Kalol early in the morning and evening. One would pose as driver and others would pose as passengers. They would ask the man or woman about their destination and would take them as passenger. They would then drive to an isolated spot and threaten the passenger with an airgun and leave him on the spot.\"We suspect them to be involved in more than seven incidents in the past four months. They would rob the victims of cash and valuables and also mobile phone so as to ensure that they would not get any immediate help,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15552093", "title": "Science express to chug in on Aug 24", "text": "KOCHI: The train that showcases the biodiversity of the country will reach Ernakulam on August 24. 'Science Express- Biodiversity Special' (SEBS), is an initiative of the railway ministry and the department of science and technology that will cover over 100 stations in two years.From Ernakulam, it will go to Kozhikode on August 25 where the train will be stationed till August 28.The train was flagged off on June 5, 2012 and will end its journey in Gandhinagar on December 22. It will be stationed at Hyderabad from October 9 to 19, 2012, during the CBD COP11, so that the COP delegates/dignitaries are able to experience the rich biodiversity of our country.Of the 16 coaches of the Science Express- Biodiversity Special, eight are solely dedicated to showcasing the myriad biodiversity and will focus on critically endangered species (IUCN Red list), biodiversity hotspots, bio-culture, threats and challenges (climate change, other anthropogenic) and conservation measures.The exhibition also covers various other facets like marine, coastal, forest, microbial, agro biodiversity and their linkage with livelihoods besides challenges of conservation. Three other coaches have exhibits on climate change, energy and water conservation. The Joy of Science (JOS) Lab is housed in another coach, in which students can perform various experiments and activities to understand concepts in biodiversity, climate change, environment and science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15551407", "title": "Allahabad University extends submission date for CAS", "text": "Allahabad: Faced with opposition from the faculty members on the issue of giving limited time for inviting applications under Career Advancement Scheme (CAS), Allahabad University has extended the last date for submitting applications. The last date for submission of applications will be announced next week.Earlier, the university had invited applications from AU teachers wanting promotions under CAS and the interested teachers were asked to submit applications by August 20.But with August 19 being a Sunday and AU likely to remain closed on August 20 on account of Eid, majority of teachers were upset over being given a short time to submit applications, which needs to be in great detail citing all achievements, teaching experience, research work and papers published, projects bagged etc.Moreover, with AU witnessing thin attendance on Saturday owing to communal tension in the old city areas, teachers sought extension in the submission date, especially as these applications need to be duly forwarded by the head of the department and the dean of the faculty concerned before being finally submitted. Even many HoDs were at their wits end as to how to get the entire process completed in such a short duration and why the university administration is in such a hurry.Teachers had been demanding promotions under CAS for the past quite sometime and wanted it to be held before the recruitment of the already advertised posts of teachers. Though the decision to start the process of CAS promotions as such is being welcomed but the manner in which the applications have been invited has not gone down well with most of the teachers.AU Registrar told TOI, \"We are aware of the problem and sufficient time would be given to the teachers and a fresh notifications would be issued thereby giving more time to the teachers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15552485", "title": "Presidency students protest arrest of classmates, damage college furniture", "text": "Chennai: A group of Presidency College students went on the rampage at the college on Saturday morning and damaged furniture in classrooms in protest against the arrest of 32 of their college mates on Friday night.However, no case was registered as no complaint was filed. \"We will wait until the college administration lodges a formal complaint,\" a police officer said.On Friday evening, 32 students of Presidency College, who were found with sticks near the Central Railway Station where hordes of people from the northeast were gathered on their way to their home states, were arrested. A posse of police deployed there noticed the youths and suspected that they had come to attack people from the northeast. Spotting the law-enforcement personnel, the students scattered but were chased and caught on Pallavan Salai.During questioning, the students told police that they had come to the railway station to attack a few students of the Government Arts College in Nandanam owning to previous enmity and were searching for them.The Triplicane police registered a case and arrested 32 students who were booked under Sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others), 506 (1) (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code r/w 7 (1) (a) Criminal Law Amendment Act.Soon after the arrest, a group of students of Presidency College indulged in violence on Kamarajar Salai in protest against the arrests. The students climbed on to some MTC buses parked at the Anna Square bus terminus and damaged them. On receiving the information, police teams went there and chased away the students.On Friday evening, 32 students of Presidency College, who were found with sticks near the Central Station where hordes of people from the northeast were gathered, were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554879", "title": "Chris Brown's nightclub brawl lawsuit frivolous?", "text": "Chris Brown's legal team has said that the 16-million-dollar lawsuit that the rapper is facing for the bottle-throwing melee at Manhattan nightclub WiP is \"frivolous.\"\"It's a frivolous lawsuit,\" the New York Post quoted Brown's lawyer's representative, Mark Geragos , as telling TMZ.com.The R and B singer and Drake have been sued by Entertainment Enterprises Ltd., a company affiliated with WiP, where the stars' entourages allegedly engaged in a violent fight.The legal papers have claimed that the rivals \"shared a grudge\" over their romantic relationships with Rihanna .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "15551995", "title": "Plaint filed against graft in tribal welfare", "text": "UJJAIN: Zilla Parishad member Pushpa Chavan filed a complaint with the district collector Brijmohan Sharma on Saturday alleging misappropriation of funds by the Tribal Welfare Department in the purchase of mattresses for government girls' hostels.An amount of Rs 64 lakh was sanctioned in 2011-12 and in 2012-2013 Rs 50 lakh was sanctioned for purchase of mattresses, mosquito nets, blankets, foot sheets, foot mattresses and pillows for girls' hostels. The ZP member handed over documents to the collector to substantiate her claims that the sanctioned fund was in violation of the norms. \"I have given all the supporting documents to the collector which shows that the department has flouted the norms while purchasing the materials,\" she said.Chavan also alleged \"large scale misappropriation\" of funds in electrification of 'Harijan bastis.' \"It explains the poor quality of development work in the localities,\" she said. Chavan said that on her request, the collector has assured a too look into the matter. She has also forwarded the copy of the papers to the government and the chief minister.Misappropriation of funds in purchase of mattresses for government girls' hostels has been alleged", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15551041", "title": "Civic officials cite \u2018personal reasons\u2019 for quitting jobs", "text": "PUNE: Speculation is rife in the corridors of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) that three civic officials have applied for voluntary retirement, as they want to avoid public wrath for action against unauthorised constructions.The civic administration has confirmed that the officials have sought voluntary retirement, but denied the speculations that they have sought retirement to avoid action against unauthorised constructions.Amrut Sawant, joint commissioner and chief of administration department, PCMC, said, \"Three officials have applied for voluntary retirement. One of them is an executive engineer in the garden department. The other two are accounts officers, one from stores and the other from octroi department. Each has mentioned that they want premature retirement due to personal reasons.\"Another rumour doing the rounds is that around 20 more civic officials are contemplating VRS. Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi and joint commissioner Amrut Sawant, however, said they have no knowledge of any such moves.Pardeshi said, \"We are working as a team. Everybody will have to participate in the anti-encroachment drive to remove unauthorised constructions.\"Pardeshi said the police have assured the corporation to provide security for anti-encroachment action.Pardeshi also met deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar last Tuesday. \"The deputy chief minister has supported the decision of the civic administration to conduct the anti-encroachment drive to remove ongoing unauthorised constructions,\" Pardeshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15551173", "title": "Renovation in 1835 evoked horror too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you turn back the pages of history of the Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug, an interesting incident comes to light. Visiting officials from the East India company expressed horror at extra construction made in the palace complex. The incident dates back to 1835. The extra construction then, did not involve elevator shafts, ugly cement galleries and extra rooms protruding from the subterranean rooms of the palace basement, as today.On January 20 1839, a senior official of the East India Company, John Vaupell, expressed horror at seeing two extra rooms constructed near the palace building. The rooms were constructed on the order of a former British civil servant, James Williams in 1835, who handled administration of the Ahmedabad division.Vaupell noted in his report, \"It (the palace) has been greatly altered, since I saw it, by the late James Williams \u2014 two entire wings added, and rooms with terraces built; how far this alteration is an improvement is very doubtful, it having entirely changed the character of the building.\" This excerpt from Vaupell's report is chronicled in a government report titled 'Transactions of the Bombay Geographical Society', published in 1844. The two additional wings that Williams built are being used by the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS), which is now constructing a new interactive multimedia hall for visitors in these wings.It bears mention here that till the middle of the nineteenth century, the palace complex had a building called the 'zanana' or 'Sultana's palace', located on the riverbank beside the palace and had its own garden, bath and fountains. This beautiful building was called the 'Chhota Shahi Bagh' . This building, which was in the Mughal style, was the residence of the district superintendent of police in the British period.The palace had its own canal system, one such canal; ran around the palace and supplied water to a fountain near the complex. \"This fountain was essential to control the temperature air circulating within the palace,\" says a senior official of the state archaeology department. There were additional servant quarters on the far sides of the palace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15552443", "title": "Makeover for Irayimman Thampi\u2019s Kovilakam", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The contributions of poet Irayimman Thampi, whose lullabies still linger in the hearts of generations of Malayalis, will be formally acknowledged when work on converting Naduvile Kovilakam, his ancestral home, into a tourist destination begins on Monday. A joint venture of the Department of Archaeology and the Alappuzha district administration the project is aimed at making the kovilakam at Varanadu in Cherthala a prominent tourist destination. Irayimman Thampi ( Ravi Varman Thampi), who wrote ageless lullabies like ' Omanathinkal kidavo, was the 18th century Carnatic music maestro and poet laureate in Swathi Thirunal's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "6935987", "title": "Ajay's Bips Narad Muni", "text": "Okay this is rather amusing. We hear that Bipasha Basu has saved Ajay Devgn's mobile number as Narad Muni on her phone.Bipasha and Ajay together did many movies like All the best, Akrosh, Apaharan etc. And everyone knows, that they are great pals Bips and Ajay.Bipasha thinks contrary to his image of a serious guy, Ajay is actually big gossip. Not just that, he knows about every link-up, every breakup, in short every piece of gossip going around hence her pet name for her pal.Check out Bipasha Basu's homepage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552376", "title": "329 injured, 7 critical in \u2018Gotmar Mela\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: As many as 329 people were injured, seven of them seriously, on Saturday during the traditional 'Gotmar Mela'\u2014a stone war between two neighbouring villages\u2014at Pandurna in Chhindwara district of Madhya Pradesh. The tribals have defied plea by district administration to give up the Gotmar Mela that leaves several injured and even deaths.Police said the seriously injured have been referred to hospitals in Nagpur in neighbouring Maharashtra while all other injured have been given first aid at the nearby public health centres. A sub-divisional officer of police (SDOP) Praveen Shendre also sustained injures when a group of people attacked a police party when they tried to check sale of illicit country liquor near the mela venue. The mob also damaged an ambulance.Gotmar mela is celebrated every year on the second day to \"Bhadrapad' the new moon day on the banks of river Jam. A tree trunk is placed in the middle of the river Jam which flows through this village. A flag is tied on top of this tree. People from neighbouring village Savargao and Pandhurna gather on either side of the river banks in the morning and try to pull the flag on the tree top but are prevented by people throwing stones from either side. The village which is able to pull the flag is the winner.In the wake of injuries, and even deaths, the district administration had tried to impress upon the villagers to use rubber balls instead of stone in 2001 and 2002 but the villagers did not agree. Although the 'gotmar' has been banned few years ago, villagers still celebrate the bloody festival every year\u2014and the administration makes arrangements to provide timely medical facilities to the injured.Gotmar Mela is a stone war between two neighbouring villages at Pandurna in Chhindwara district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "15551587", "title": "Two men drown in lake, one body recovered", "text": "SALEM: Two men who went for fishing in a lake in Neikarapatti village here, drowned in the lake on Saturday. Fire and rescue personnel have recovered one body and search for the other one is continuing.According to police, P Palanisamy, 45 and N Dhinakaran, 32, were residents of Thaanangkaradu in Neikarapatti village panchayat and were working as weavers. On Saturday, around 9'o clock in the morning they along with their friend V Jayaraj, 40, had gone to Kottanathaan lake, for fishing.Palanisamy stepped into the lake and drowned. Dhinakaran and Jayaraj who saw Palanisamy struggling in the water tried to save him. Immediately, Dhinakaran jumped into water to save Palanisamy but failed to save him and he also drowned.Jayaraj immediately informed the villagers and they rushed to the lake. Meanwhile Kondalampatti police and fire and rescue department were also informed about the accident and they rushed to the spot. Later, body of Palanisamy was recovered and sent for postmortem at Salem Government Hospital.\"Dhinakaran's body has not been found till evening. The rescue operation will continue on Sunday, said inspector A Saravanan said.The Kondalampatti police have registered the case based on a complaint by Neikarapatti village administrative officer A Sundar Raj.After post mortem, Palanisamy's body was handed over to the relatives in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15552510", "title": "Red Cross hospital to set up trauma centre", "text": "BHOPAL: Under its expansion plan, Red Cross Society Hospital is going to shortly open a well equipped \"Trauma Centre\" at its campus, here.\"We felt the need for opening the trauma centre given that this facility was limited, very expensive and not in a proper shape in the state capital,\" state Red Cross Society chairman Mukesh Nayak told TOI.He said the centre would be operational within three months adding that a 70 room infrastructure along with two operation theatres has been developed for it.Nayak, a former minister, said that all the work in the centre would be outsourced. He said that patients would get services in the trauma centre at a very low price to the extent that an MRI would cost only about Rs 2500 while CT scan would be made available for Rs 1000 for CT scan. He explained that the agency installing the MRI service and operating it would get Rs 2000 while Rs 500 will go to the hospital.\"Right now our hospital is providing services to the people, especially poor at an affordable price\", he said adding that the hospital earning a profit of Rs 10 lakh per month was doing digital x-ray and normal x-ray for Rs 150 and Rs 50 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15550538", "title": "Six-fold hike in transfer fee for leased civic plots", "text": "MUMBAI: After two decades, the BMC has decided to increase the transfer fee for leased civic plots six-fold. It has also hiked the penalty for raising illegal structures on leased properties, and this proposal has finally received a nod from the improvements committee. Corporators say these decisions will help the BMC generate more revenue.The reason behind the massive hike has been attributed to the fact that the transfer fee for leased properties has not been hiked since 1993. Previously, a leaseholder had to pay the BMC Rs 5,000 for permission to transfer the lease. As per the new proposal, the leaseholder will have to pay Rs 30,000, with a 10% increase every year. \"The transfer fee amount was last fixed in 1993. It would be unfair to call the hike large as it doesn't amount to much after a final calculation,\" a senior civic estates department official said.The state assembly in June cleared a bill empowering the BMC to collect the transfer fee for properties given on lease. The Mumbai Municipal Corporation Act was amended to empower the civic body to levy transfer fees and penalties on the lessee for the transfer of property. It would now be mandatory for the lessee to seek prior permission of the BMC before transferring the property to another party. The rate of the transfer fee and premium on account of unearned income will be decided by the corporation.Meanwhile, residential structures built without permission will invite an increase in penalty from Rs 22 per sq ft to Rs 125 sq ft. Commercial and unauthorized structures will face penalties of Rs 200 per sq ft from the previous Rs 23 per sq ft and Rs 300 per sq ft from the previous Rs 48 per sq ft, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15552829", "title": "Get poll ready, BJP tells its CMs", "text": "NEW DELHI: With two of the party-ruled states \u2014 Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh \u2014 preparing for assembly polls this year, the BJP leadership on Saturday asked all its CMs to get into election mode since the party is apprehending that the parliamentary elections will be held earlier than 2014. At the party's conclave for its CMs, BJP central leaders asked the state leaders to ensure that all government schemes are properly executed and to reach out to people keeping general elections in mind.At the meeting to discuss the state of economic growth in their states, the BJP-ruled states accused the Centre of meting out \"step-motherly\" treatment as far disbursement of funds is concerned. Party sources said, the main theme of the one-day meet of BJP CMs, deputy CMs and legislative party leaders was to discuss the \"policy paralysis\" in the UPA government.They also dwelt on how the Centre's alleged \"discriminatory\" attitude towards opposition-ruled states in distribution of funds and implementation of schemes was affecting them.All CMs, including Narendra Modi (Gujarat), Prem Kumar Dhumal (Himachal), Raman Singh (Chhattisgarh), Shivraj Singh Chouhan (MP) and Jagadish Shettar (Karnataka), who are set to face elections within a year, accused the Centre of neglecting their demands.In his speech at the conclave, Modi attacked PM Manmohan Singh for the problems in sanction of central funds to his state. He alleged RBI has increased interest rates 13 times, which has affected investment. He further argued central ministers try to take credit for the allocated funds which the states are rightfully entitled to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15554938", "title": "R-Patz prepares to fail for becoming better actor", "text": "Robert Pattinson has revealed that he constantly expects failure and believes that he would become a bad actor if he felt \"validated\" by his performances.The 'Cosmopolis' star, who was recently left devastated when girlfriend Kristen Stewart confessed to an affair with married director Rupert Sanders, always tries to be pessimistic about his career in order to become better at what he does.\"I think as soon as you feel validated, you're a bad actor. You have to constantly feel that there's a 99 percent chance of failure. Total failure. Devastating failure,\" Contactmusic quoted him as saying on 'MTV First Robert Pattinson'.\"You should feel like every single job is the potential where you're never going to get another job again. Not in a bad way - you should feel good about it, because then you're in it. It's all about living in the present,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15555329", "title": "Soon, photo ID must for non-AC train travel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways is set to make it mandatory for passengers travelling in non-AC sleeper class to carry identity proof as part of its efforts to check the widespread menace of transferred tickets sold by touts.The decision to carry a valid I-card for train passengers in non-AC reserved class is being finalised and likely to be announced shortly, a senior railway ministry official said.\"This is being done to strengthen measures to keep a check on passengers travelling on transferred tickets,\" the official said.Earlier in February, railways had made it mandatory for AC class passengers to carry identity proof with them. Passengers travelling on a Tatkal or an e-ticket are also required to carry I-cards while undertaking train journey.\"Non-AC travellers were kept out of the photo I-card decision at that time,\" the official said, adding that \"the policy ambit is being widened now so that every passenger in reserved class onboard a train has a valid identity card.\"Once the decision is announced, passengers failing to produce original identity proof in sleeper class, as and when asked for, will be treated as \"without ticket\" and charged accordingly.The rule will apply for all sorts of tickets, including those for sleeper class, issued by Railways through computerised passenger reservation system (PRS) or internet.The decision to introduce photo I-cards for sleeper class passengers is likely to deter touts from booking tickets on fictitious names and selling the same to passengers at a premium price, the official said.Passengers can carry any of these nine ID proofs while undertaking train journey - voter ID card, passport, PAN card, driving licence, photo identity card having serial number issued by central/state government, student identity card with photograph issued by recognised school/college, Aadhar card, nationalised bank passbook with photograph and credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph.A campaign will be soon launched to spread awareness among passengers of sleeper class regarding the move to carry photo identity cards, the official said. Message will be printed on train tickets for spreading awareness among the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-19"}
